--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a società per azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES PROGRAMME  
IMI CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING  
Under the terms of its Warrants and Certificates Programme IMI Corporate & Investment Banking (the 
"Programme"), Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. ("Intesa Sanpaolo" or the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time 
issue warrants or covered warrants (respectively, "Warrants" and "Covered Warrants", and together, save as 
otherwise specified in this Programme, "Warrants") or certificates ("Certificates" and, together with the Warrants, 
"Securities") relating to one or more specified indices or one or more baskets of indices, provided that any of such 
indexes will not be composed by the Issuer or by any legal entity belonging to the same group ("Index Securities"), 
one or more specified shares or one or more baskets of shares or one or more global depository receipts (GDRs) or 
American depository receipts (ADRs) or one or more baskets of GDRs and/or ADRs (together, "Share Securities"), 
one or more specified exchange rates or one or more baskets of exchange rates ("Exchange Rate Securities"), one or 
more specified future contracts or one or more baskets of future contracts ("Futures Contract Securities"), one or 
more specified interest rates or one or more baskets of interest rates ("Interest Rate Securities"), one or more 
specified funds or one or more baskets of funds ("Fund Securities"), one or more specified commodities or one or 
more baskets of commodities ("Commodity Securities"), one or more specified government bonds or one or more 
baskets of government bonds or one or more supranational bonds or one or more baskets of supranational bonds or the 
yield of one or more specified government/supranational bonds or the yield of one or more baskets of 
government/supranational bonds ("Govies Securities"). The Securities may also be a combination of two or more of 
the foregoing types, as indicated from time to time in relation to the relevant issue ("Combined Securities"). If so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Certificates under the Programme described as "green" 
("Green Certificates"), "climate" ("Climate Certificates"), "social" ("Social Certificates"), "sustainability" 
("Sustainability Certificates").  
Each issue of Securities will be made on the terms set out herein which are relevant to such Securities under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities" (the "Conditions") and in the form of the relevant final terms document (the "Final 
Terms"). Securities may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Securities") or registered form ("Registered Securities"). 
Securities may also be issued in bearer, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the Italian law, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the 
relevant Italian central securities depository ("Italian Dematerialised Securities"). 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as 
competent authority under the loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 16 July 2019 as amended (the 
"Prospectus Law 2019"), which implements the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") to approve this document as a base prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus; investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and 
financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6 
(4) of the Prospectus Law 2019. 
Application has also been made to the Luxemburg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under the Programme to be (i) 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and (ii) admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market (the "Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market") 
(including the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and the multilateral

--- Page 2 ---
2 
trading facilities, EuroMTF, of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "EuroMTF") (including the professional 
segment of the Euro MTF). The Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the "MiFID II"). The EuroMTF is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II, but it is subject to the supervision of the CSSF. 
The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus concerning the Securities 
admitted to trading on the EuroMTF. The CSSF assumes therefore no responsibility in relation to the issues of 
Securities admitted to trading on the EuroMTF. 
The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such further or 
other stock exchanges or markets as the Issuer may determine. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not 
Securities are to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange(s). The Issuer may 
also issue unlisted Securities and/or Securities not admitted to trading on any market. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities 
and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Securities as an 
investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Securities involve a high degree of 
risk, including the risk of their expiring worthless. Potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all 
or part of the purchase price of their Securities. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers to ensure that 
they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, 
accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Securities and are not 
relying on the advice of the Issuer or, if relevant, any Manager in that regard. See Section "Risk Factors". The 
language of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
IMPORTANT – RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor either in the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA") or in one or more specified jurisdictions in the EEA, and/or in one or more specified 
jurisdictions outside the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(iv) a retail client within the meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation of the specified 
jurisdiction outside the EEA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA and/or in the specified jurisdiction(s) only has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA and/or in the specified 
jurisdiction(s) only may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to one or more 
underlyings that may constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "Benchmark Regulation" or "BMR"). If any such underlying does 
constitute such a benchmark the applicable final terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. Not every underlying will fall within 
the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, pursuant to article 51 of the BMR, transitional provisions in the 
Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark (i.e. a benchmark which 
has been recognised as critical benchmark or a benchmark whose administrator is based in a non-EU jurisdiction and 
does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions (according to Article 30 of the BMR) or is not"recognised" pending such 
a equivalence decision (according to Article 32 of the BMR) or is not "endorsed" for such purpose (according to 
Article 33 of the BMR)) is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the 
applicable final terms. The registration status of any administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable final terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Securities and, in case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Entitlement (as defined herein) to be delivered upon

--- Page 3 ---
3 
the exercise of such Securities, have not been, and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the U.S., and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") under 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"). The Securities 
and the Entitlements may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or to a U.S. person unless such offer or sale has been registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to 
an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
The Securities and the Entitlements are being offered and sold outside the U.S. to persons that are not U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the Securities Act) in reliance on Regulation S. No Securities of any 
series, or interests therein, or Entitlements may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, 
redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly 
or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised. The 
Securities and Entitlements may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person. For a description 
of certain further restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
"Offering and Sale" below.  
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any State 
securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor has any of the foregoing 
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of Securities or the accuracy or the adequacy of this 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of its approval (i.e. 27 May 2022). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 May 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer (the Responsible Person) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that 
such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of Securities are the Issuer, the persons named in the applicable Final Terms 
as the relevant Manager(s) and the persons named in or identifiable following the applicable Final Terms 
as the Financial Intermediaries, as the case may be. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" below) and, in relation to any Securities, should be read and construed together with the 
applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
A description of the Final Terms is set out herein at Section "Form of Final Terms" and will specify with 
respect to the issue of Securities to which it relates, inter alia, the specific designation of the Securities, the 
aggregate number and type of the Securities, the date of issue of the Securities, the issue price, the credit 
event of the specified entity or entities to which the Certificates relate, certain other terms relating to the 
offering and sale of the Securities including whether they bear remuneration and the exercise date. 
The applicable Final Terms will (if applicable) contain information relating to the underlying asset, index 
or other item(s) (each an Underlying) to which the Securities relate and which is contained in such Final 
Terms. However, unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Final Terms, any information 
contained therein relating to an Underlying will only consist of extracts from, or summaries of, 
information contained in financial and other information released publicly by the issuer, owner or 
sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying. The Issuer will, unless otherwise expressly stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, confirm that such extracts or summaries have been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner or 
sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying, no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced inaccurate or misleading, but the Issuer does not accept any further or other responsibility in 
respect of such information. 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms, each issue of Securities will entitle the holder thereof to receive 
a cash amount, or in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Entitlement to be delivered upon the 
exercise of such Securities from the Issuer calculated in accordance with the Conditions on such terms as 
are set out in the Conditions, all as set forth in the Conditions. 
To purchase any Security or, upon exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in order to receive the relevant 
Entitlement, each Securityholder will be required to certify (in accordance with the provisions outlined in 
"Offering and Sale" below) that it is not a U.S. person or a person who has purchased such Security or 
received such Entitlement for resale to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and that it is not 
receiving such Security or exercising a Physical Delivery Security on behalf, or for the account or benefit, 
of a U.S. person. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and, in respect of Securities 
which are not Italian Dematerialised Securities, also from the specified offices set out below of the 
Security Agents (as defined below).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or in the Final Terms or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Securities and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
other manager of an issue of Securities (each a Manager). 
No Manager has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by any Manager 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
the Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Securities should purchase any Securities. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Securities should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Securities constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Securities. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Securities shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same or that there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Securities. 
Warrants create options which are exercisable by the relevant holder and/or will be automatically 
exercised as provided herein. There is no obligation on the Issuer to pay any amount to any holder of a 
Warrant or to deliver any asset to any holder of a Warrant unless the relevant holder duly exercises such 
Warrant or such Securities are automatically exercised and, in certain circumstances, an Exercise Notice 
is duly delivered. Securities will be exercised or exercisable in the manner set forth herein and in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Securities are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code") and the U.S. Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless 
specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this document in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities or Entitlements may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Securities or Entitlements in the United States or its possession and the European Economic Area 
(including Luxembourg, Austria, Croatia, Ireland, Republic of Italy, Hungary, Slovak Republic, Slovenia 
and Spain) (see "Offering and Sale"). 
The Securities of each issue may be sold by the Issuer and/or any Manager at such time and at such prices 
as the Issuer and/or the Manager(s) may select. There is no obligation upon the Issuer or any Manager to 
sell all of the Securities of any issue. The Securities of any issue may be offered or sold from time to time 
in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise at prevailing market prices or in 
negotiated transactions, at the discretion of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below 
may apply, any offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant 
Member State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending 
to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of Securities which are the subject of an offering 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those 
Securities may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a supplement to a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or 
(ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final 
terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Relevant Member State, such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the 
dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above 
may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Manager have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish 
or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In connection with the issue of any Securities, the person or persons (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms 
of the offer of the relevant Securities is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Securities and 60 days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION 
CONTAINED OR REFERRED TO IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT INTENDED TO BE

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
RELIED UPON BY PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING PENALTIES 
THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON THEM UNDER THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE; AND (B) 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THEIR PARTICULAR 
CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER. 
All references to "USD", "U.S.$", "$", "US Dollars", "US dollars" and "U.S. dollars" are to United 
States dollars and references to "euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................................... 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 16 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ........................................................................ 58 
1. Type, Title and Transfer .................................................................................................................... 60 
2. Status of the Securities ........................................................................................................................ 63 
3. Definitions ............................................................................................................................................ 64 
4. Physical Delivery provisions ............................................................................................................ 119 
5. Illegality and force majeure ............................................................................................................. 121 
6. Hedging Disruption ........................................................................................................................... 122 
7. Purchases and Cancellation ............................................................................................................. 122 
8. Agents, Determinations, Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications ................................... 123 
9. Notices ................................................................................................................................................ 125 
10. Expenses and Taxation ..................................................................................................................... 125 
11. Further Issues .................................................................................................................................... 125 
12. Substitution of the Issuer .................................................................................................................. 126 
13. Governing Law and Jurisdiction ..................................................................................................... 126 
14. Prescription ....................................................................................................................................... 127 
15. Terms of the Securities ..................................................................................................................... 127 
16. Adjustments for European Monetary Union .................................................................................. 159 
17. Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power .............................................................................. 160 
18. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 ................................................................................. 161 
19. Exercise Rights (only applicable to Warrants) ............................................................................... 161 
20. Exercise Procedure (only applicable to Warrants) ........................................................................ 163 
21. Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable (only applicable to Warrants) .... 167 
22. Exercise Procedure (only applicable to Certificates) ..................................................................... 168 
23. Physical Delivery Confirmation Notices and Settlement (only applicable to Certificates) ........ 171 
24. Pay-out provisions ............................................................................................................................. 175 
ANNEX TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES - .................................... 214 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................. 218 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 219 
OFFERING AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 273 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 280 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................ 312 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF SECURITIES ............. 346 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................... 352

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, 
and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Securities, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may determine 
that Securities shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in 
which case, in relation to listed Securities only and if appropriate, a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
will be published.  
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the “Prospectus Commission Delegated Regulation”) 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and in the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Description: 
Warrants and Certificates Programme IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Securities denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements from time to time (see "Offering and 
Sale"). 
Principal Security Agent, Registrar 
and Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Calculation Agent: 
The Issuer or such other calculation agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Currencies: 
Euro, U.S. dollars or any other currency or currencies selected by 
the Issuer or any Manager, subject to compliance with all 
applicable 
legal 
and/or 
regulatory 
and/or 
central 
bank 
requirements. The Issuer may issue Securities in respect of which 
the Cash Settlement Amount and/or Early Redemption Amounts 
and/or Remuneration Amounts may be payable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in one or more currencies (Settlement 
Currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which may 
be different from the currency in which the Issue Price was 
denominated (Issue Currency as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (Dual Currency Securities). 
Issue Price: 
Certificates may be issued at such price as shall be determined by 
the Issuer or any Manager appointed in respect of the issue subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. The Issue Price will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final Terms will provide 
for the Discount Price, the Issue Price will be considered in order to 
calculate the Multiplier. 
Offer Price: 
Certificates may be offered in the context of a Public Offer or in 
circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus, at such 
price as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Offer 
Price"). The Offer Price may be equal to the Issue Price, or such

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
other price as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Discount Price: 
The initial price at which the Certificates will be traded on the 
market may be determined on the basis of the Discount Price 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Discount Price will be 
lower than the Issue Price. The Discount Price will be applicable 
only in relation to Certificates to be admitted to listing and/or 
trading without prior offer.  
Purchase Price: 
The Digital Certificates may be subscribed by the investor in an 
exempt offer at the Purchase Price, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Purchase Price will be lower than the Issue Price.  
Premium: 
Warrants may be issued at such price (premium) as shall be 
determined by the Issuer or any Manager appointed in respect of 
the issue subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. The Premium will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Securities: 
Bearer Securities 
Each issue of Bearer Securities will, on issue, be represented by 
either a Temporary Global Security or a Permanent Global Security 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The Temporary Global 
Security will be exchangeable either, in accordance with its terms, 
for a Permanent Global Security or for Definitive Securities. The 
Permanent Global Security will be exchangeable in limited 
circumstances for Definitive Securities. Each Temporary Global 
Security and each Permanent Global Security will be held by a 
common depository on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Registered Securities 
Registered Securities will be represented by definitive registered 
certificates registered in the name of the beneficial owner thereof 
("Registered Certificates") and/or a registered certificate in global 
form (a "Global Registered Certificate") which will be registered 
in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in any clearing system specified 
in the applicable Constituting Instrument. Definitive Exchangeable 
Bearer Securities will be exchangeable for definitive Registered 
Securities only if and to the extent so specified in the relevant Final 
terms. Registered Securities will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Securities or an interest therein. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities 
Italian Dematerialised Securities will be issued in bearer (al 
portatore), uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form into 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with registered office and principal place of 
business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, or any 
successor clearing system thereto) ("Monte Titoli") pursuant to 
Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as amended and 
implemented and subsequent implementing provisions ("Italian 
Dematerialised Securities"). Italian Dematerialised Securities will 
not be issued in definitive form. However, the holder still has the 
right to obtain the release of the certificate pursuant to articles 83-
quinquies and 83-novies, paragraph 1, letter b), of the Italian

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by 
subsequent implementing provisions. 
Type of Securities: 
The Issuer may issue Warrants or Certificates (together, 
Securities) including Index Securities, Share Securities, Exchange 
Rate Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Fund Securities, 
Interest Rate Securities, Commodities Securities, Govies Securities 
and Combined Securities, as specified below. 
Remuneration Amount(s) may be payable in respect of Securities, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Warrants may be European Style Warrants or American Style 
Warrants. 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by cash payment (Cash Settled Securities) or 
physical delivery (Physical Delivery Securities). The method of 
settlement will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or it will 
be subject to the occurrence of a specific event (e.g. the Barrier 
Event). Settlement of Italian Dematerialised Securities shall be by 
way of cash payment only.  
How the value of the investment in 
the Securities is affected by the value 
of the underlying assets: 
The Cash Settlement Amount, the Entitlement, the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) and any Remuneration Amount (if 
any) due under the Securities may be affected by the value of the 
Underlying or the Underlyings specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and will depend on the type of Securities issued, as specified 
in Condition 24 “Pay-out provisions”. 
Index Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of Index 
Securities will be calculated by reference to one or more indexes or 
basket of indices or one or more baskets of baskets of indices, 
provided that any of such indexes will not be composed by the 
Issuer or by any legal entity belonging to the same group. 
Share Securities (including 
GDRs/ADRs Securities): 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of Share 
Securities will be calculated by reference to one or more shares or 
basket of shares or one or more baskets of baskets of shares or to 
one or more GDRs/ADRs or baskets of GDRs/ADRs or one or 
more baskets of baskets of GDRs/ADRs. 
The Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Share Securities 
will be a specified amount of shares of one or more companies or 
an amount of GDRs/ADRs of one or more issuers of GDRs/ADRs, 
as applicable, subject to payment of the relevant Premium (in the 
case of Warrants) and any other sums payable. 
The Share used as underlying will not: 
− 
issued by the Issuer nor by an entity belonging to the 
group of the Issuer, and / or 
− 
be converted or exchanged into shares or other 
transferable securities equivalent to shares issued by the 
Issuer or by an entity belonging to the group of that 
Issuer.  
Exchange Rate Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of Exchange 
Rate Securities will be calculated by reference to one or more 
exchange rates or basket of exchange rates or one or more baskets

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
of baskets of exchange rates. 
Futures Contract Securities:  
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of Futures 
Contract Securities will be calculated by reference to one or more 
future contracts or a basket of future contracts or one or more 
baskets of baskets of future contracts. 
The Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Futures Contract 
Securities will be a specified amount of futures contracts, subject to 
payment of the relevant Premium (in the case of Warrants) and any 
other sums payable. 
Interest Rate Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of Interest 
Rate Securities will be calculated by reference to one or more 
interest rates or a basket of interest rates or one or more baskets of 
baskets of interest rates. 
Commodity Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Commodity Securities will be calculated by reference to one or 
more commodities or a basket of commodities or one or more 
baskets of baskets of commodities. 
The Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Commodity 
Securities will be a specified amount of commodities, subject to 
payment of the relevant Premium (in the case of Warrants) and any 
other sums payable. 
Govies Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of Govies 
Securities will be calculated by reference to: 
– 
one or more government or supranational bonds or a 
basket of government or supranational bonds or one or 
more baskets of baskets of government or supranational 
bonds; 
– 
the yield of one or more government or supranational 
bonds or the yield of a basket of government or 
supranational bonds or one or more baskets of baskets of 
government or supranational bonds. 
Fund Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of Fund 
Securities will be calculated by reference to units or shares in one 
or more funds or a basket of funds or one or more baskets of 
baskets of funds. 
The Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Fund Securities 
will be a specified amount of fund shares or units, subject to 
payment of the relevant Premium (in the case of Warrants) and any 
other sums payable. 
Combined Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Combined Securities will be calculated by reference to two or more 
Underlyings belonging to different asset class. 
Exercise of Certificates: 
Each Certificate shall be automatically exercised on the Exercise 
Date, unless an Early Redemption Event occurred (if applicable), 
or a Call Option is exercised by the Issuer (if applicable), or a Put 
Option is exercised by the investor (if applicable), or an Open End 
Feature is applicable (in case of Benchmark Certificates and Turbo 
Certificates), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities, the early 
exercise of such Certificates shall be subject to the extent such 
Certificates qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to 
meet the MREL Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant 
to Condition 22(C)(ii) (Exercise due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event) of Certificates qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL 
Disqualification Event, to the condition that the Issuer has obtained 
the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with 
Article 78a of the CRR. 
In the case of Certificates listed on the regulated market of 
jurisdictions other than Luxembourg, Securityholders may be 
entitled to waive the automatic exercise in accordance with the 
specific requirements of such regulated market, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Exercise of Warrants: 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date 
or, if such day is not an Exercise Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Exercise Business Day (the Actual Exercise Date and 
the Expiration Date). Only in case of Warrants to be admitted to 
listing and/or trading without prior offer, the relevant Final Terms 
may specify an Early Redemption Event. 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business 
Day during the Exercise Period (with the last Exercise Business 
Day of the Exercise Period being (the Expiration Date). Only in 
case of Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading without 
prior offer, the relevant Final Terms may specify an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, any Warrant which has not been duly exercised by the 
relevant Securityholder, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date shall 
become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
any Warrant which has not been duly exercised by the relevant 
Securityholder, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg 
time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date and which is, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, "In-The-Money" shall 
be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. In the case of 
Italian Traded Warrants, automatic exercise can be waived by 
serving a Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement, copies of which may be 
obtained from the specified office of the Principal Security Agent 
and the registered office of the Issuer. 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities may be redeemed 
before their stated maturity at the option of Intesa Sanpaolo if the 
Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred 
and is continuing. Any such redemption shall be subject to the 
circumstances described in "Exercise of Certificates" above. 
Modification or Substitution of 
Certificates: 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of Certificates 
that qualify as eligible liabilities, substitute new securities for such 
Certificates whereby such new securities shall replace such 
Certificates, or vary the terms of such Certificates, as fully

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
specified in Condition 8(D)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions. 
Return on the Securities: 
Cash Settled Securities entitle the holder to payment on the 
Settlement Date of the Cash Settlement Amount, if positive. 
Physical Delivery Securities entitle the holder to payment on the 
Settlement Date of the Entitlement. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms the Certificates entitle 
the holder to payment of one or more Remuneration Amounts. The 
payment of one or more Remuneration Amounts may depend on 
the value of one or more Underlyings which may be different from 
the Underlying(s) whose value is calculated for the purpose of 
other Remuneration Amounts, or whose value is calculated for the 
purpose of the same Remuneration Amount but in relation to a 
different valuation period, or whose value is calculated for the 
purpose of the occurrence of the relevant event(s), or of the Cash 
Settlement Amount.  
Only in the case of Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading 
without prior offer, upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Event, the Securities are deemed to be early redeemed and the 
Securityholders are not entitled to receive any amount and the 
Early Redemption Amount will be equal to 0 (zero). 
Status of the Securities: 
The Securities constitute direct, unsubordinated, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank, unless provided 
otherwise by law, pari passu among themselves and, (save for 
certain obligations required to be performed by law), equally with 
all other unsecured obligations other than subordinated obligations, 
if any, of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
Physical Delivery Securities and 
Assessed Value Payment Amount: 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, in order to receive the 
relevant Entitlement, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Securityholder must deliver to the Principal Security 
Agent an Exercise Notice (in the case of Warrants) or a Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice (in the case of Certificates) prior to 
10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on 
the Expiration Date (in the case of Warrants) or the Exercise Date 
(in the case of Certificates) and pay any Expenses and any other 
amounts payable and, in the case of Warrants, the relevant 
Premium. If a Securityholder does not deliver an Exercise Notice 
or a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, as applicable, prior to 
10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on 
the Expiration Date or the Exercise Date, as applicable, no delivery 
of the Entitlement will be made and in lieu thereof the Issuer shall 
determine and pay the Assessed Value Payment Amount. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
is entitled, subject to the Conditions of the Securities, to substitute 
any other company as principal debtor in respect of all obligations 
arising from or in connection with any Securities or to change the 
branch through which it is acting for the purpose of any Securities. 
Upon any such substitution of the Issuer or branch, the Conditions 
of the Securities will be amended in all consequential respects.  
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market. 
The Securities may also be unlisted or admitted to listing and 
trading on such other or further stock exchange or market or 
trading venues, as the Issuer may specify in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
After the Issue Date, application may be made to list the Securities 
on other stock exchanges or regulated markets or to admit to 
trading on other trading venues as the Issuer may decide. 
Governing Law:  
The Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Securities will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English Law. Notwithstanding this, 
(i) in respect of Italian Dematerialised Securities, the registration 
and transfer of the Italian Dematerialised Securities in Monte Titoli 
will be governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law, and (ii) in respect of the loss absorption provisions 
described in Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of Italian Bail-in 
Power) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such provisions will be governed by, and will be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of 
Securities issued under the Programme and are material and specific to the Issuer and the Securities issued 
under the Programme.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below, represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay the Cash Settlement Amounts in 
respect of the Cash Settled Securities or deliver the Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Securities may 
occur or arise for other unknown reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Additional risks and 
uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently believes to be immaterial could also 
have a material impact on its business operations or the Securities.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. An investment in relatively complex securities 
such as the Securities involves a greater degree of risk than investing in less complex securities. In some cases, 
investors may stand to lose the value of their entire investment or part of it, as the case may be. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities". 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1. 
Risks related to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Risk exposure to debt Securities issued by sovereign States 
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as Italy's rating downgrading or the 
forecast that such downgrading may occur, might have negative effects on the assets, the economic and/or 
financial situation, the operational results and the perspectives of the Bank. Intesa Sanpaolo Group results is and 
will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to Italy and certain major European Countries. 
As at 31 December 2020, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to approximately €90 billion, to 
which should be added approximately €10 billion represented by investments. On the same date, the investments 
in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries corresponded to €123 billion, to which should be added 
approximately €12 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central 
banks and other public entities represented approximately 80.91% of the total financial assets.  
As at 31 December 2019, the exposure to securities issued by Italy corresponded to approximately €86 billion, to 
which should be added approximately €11 billion represented by investments. On the same date, the investments 
in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries corresponded to €121 billion, to which should be added 
approximately €12 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central 
banks and other public entities represented approximately 46% of the total financial assets. 
The tensions in the market of government bonds and their volatility, in particular with reference to the spread of 
the performance of Italian bonds compared to other benchmark government bonds may have negative effects on 
the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. Furthermore, the downgrading of Italy's 
rating, or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, could make the markets unstable and have negative 
impacts on the operational results, financial conditions and perspectives of the Bank. 
For further information please refer to Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements for 
2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
1.2. 
Risks related to legal proceedings

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
As at 31 December 2020, there were a total of about 26,300 disputes pending (of which 3,300 pertaining to the 
UBI Group), other than tax disputes at Group level (excluding those involving Risanamento S.p.A., not subject 
to management and coordination by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.) with a total remedy sought of  €4,100 million euro 
(of which 1,224 million euro for the UBI Group). This amount includes all outstanding disputes, for which the 
risk of a disbursement of financial resources resulting from a potential negative outcome has been deemed 
possible or probable and therefore does not include disputes for which risk has been deemed remote. The risks 
associated with the above disputes have been thoroughly and individually analysed by the Bank and the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group companies involved. Specific and appropriate provisions have been made to the allowances for 
risks and charges in the event of disputes for which there is an estimated probability of a disbursement of more 
than 50% and where the amount of the disbursement may be reliably estimated (disputes with likely risk). 
Without prejudice to the uncertainty inherent in all litigation, the estimate of the obligations that could arise 
from the disputes and hence the amount of any provisions recognised are based on the forward-looking 
assessments of the outcome of the trial. These forward-looking assessments are, in any event, prepared on the 
basis of all information available at the time of the estimate. Disputes with probable risk amount to around 
18,300 (of which 2,100 for the UBI Group) with a remedy sought of 2,250 million euro (of which 348 million 
euro for the UBI Group) and provisions of 765 million euro (of which 144 million euro for the UBI Group). The 
part relating to Intesa Sanpaolo is around 4,950 disputes with a remedy sought of 1,500 million euro and 
provisions of 469 million euro, the part relating to other Italian subsidiaries is around 2,540 disputes (of which 
2,100 for the UBI Group) with a remedy sought of 619 million euro (of which 348 million euro for the UBI 
Group) and provisions of 233 million euro (of which 144 million euro for the UBI Group), and the part relating 
to the international subsidiaries is around 10,850 disputes with a remedy sought of 129 million euro and 
provisions of 63 million euro. The breakdown according to the main categories of disputes with likely risk shows 
the prevalence of cases related to the Group’s ordinary banking and credit activities: disputes involving claims 
relating to banking and investment products and services or on credit positions and revocatory actions account 
for about 77% of the remedy sought and 71% of the provisions. The remaining disputes mainly consist of other 
civil and administrative proceedings and labour disputes or criminal proceedings or proceedings related to 
operational violations. The number of ongoing disputes is strongly affected by several cases of “mass” disputes 
present in Italy with regard to issues relating to anatocism and other conditions of accounts/credit facilities and 
investment services and at the international level, also relating to conditions of accounts/credit facilities and 
loans in currencies other than the local currency. Such disputes total more than 14,000. The risk arising from 
legal proceedings consists of the possibility of the Bank being obliged to pay any sum in case of unfavourable 
outcome. 
The most common legal disputes are related to invalidity, cancellation, inefficacy actions or compensation for 
damages as a consequence of transactions related to the ordinary banking and financial activity carried out by 
the Bank. 
For any individual assessment regarding legal disputes please refer to the paragraph titled "Legal Proceedings" 
of Section "Description of the Issuer". Such paragraph also includes information concerning the disputes on the 
marketing of convertible and/or subordinated shares/bonds issued by Banca Popolare di Vicenza or Veneto 
Banca, which filled against respectively Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (both subsequently merged by 
incorporation in Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.). 
In this respect, the Bank would like to highlight that, pursuant to the agreements between the two Banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation and Intesa Sanpaolo, the disputes regarding the marketing of 
shares/convertible and/or subordinated bonds initiated against Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia are included in 
the excluded disputes which remain under the responsibility of the Banks in compulsory administrative 
liquidation. The disputes in the “excluded disputes” include 90 disputes (for a total remedy sought of around 94 
million euro) involving claims relating to loans sold to Intesa Sanpaolo and deriving from so-called “operazioni 
baciate”; this term refers to loans granted by the former Venetian banks (or their Italian subsidiaries Banca 
Nuova/Banca Apulia) for the purpose of, or in any case related to, investments in shares or convertible and/or 
subordinated bonds of the two former Venetian Banks. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has already made a formal reservation in this regard to the two Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation for all the loans acquired and arising from loans potentially qualifying as “operazioni 
baciate”, even if they have not (yet) been formally contested by customers. 
1.3. 
Risks related to the business sector of the Issuer

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the macro-economic 
context 
The future development in the macro-economic context may be considered as a risk as it may produce negative 
effects and trends in the economic and financial situation of the Bank and/or the Group. 
Any negative variations of the factors described hereafter, in particular during periods of economic-financial 
crisis, could lead the Bank and/or the Group to suffer losses, increases of financing costs, and reductions of the 
value of the assets held, with a potential negative impact on the liquidity of the Bank and/or the Group and its 
financial soundness. 
The trends of the Bank and the Group are affected by the general, national and economic situation of the 
Eurozone, the dynamics of financial markets and the soundness and growth prospects of the economy of other 
geographic areas in which the Bank and/or the Group operates. 
In particular, the profitability capacity and solvency of the Bank and/or the Group are affected by the trends of 
certain factors, such as the investors' expectations and trust, the level and volatility of short-term and long-term 
interest rates, exchange rates, financial markets liquidity, availability and cost of capital, sustainability of 
sovereign debt, household incomes and consumer spending, unemployment levels, business profitability, 
inflation and housing prices. 
The macro-economic framework is currently characterised by significant profiles of uncertainty, in relation to: 
(a) the outbreak of coronavirus ("COVID-19"), which caused a major decline in economic activity in 2020 and 
may have additional effects on default rates, unemployment rates and country risk in the near future; (b) the 
future developments of ECB monetary policies in the Euro area and of the FED in the dollar area; (c) the 
tensions observed, on a more or less recurrent basis, on the financial markets; (d) the risk that in the future 
holders of Italian government debt lose confidence in the credit standing of Republic of Italy, owing to the 
uncertainty of budgetary policies and the high debt ratio; (e) the exit of the United Kingdom from the single 
market on 1 January 2021. 
With specific reference to point (e), the relationship of the UK with the EU may affect the business of the Bank. 
On 29 March 2017, the UK invoked Article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union and officially notified the 
EU of its decision to withdraw from the EU. On 31 January 2020 the UK withdrew from the EU. Articles 126 
and 127 of the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement (approved by the European Parliament on 29 January 2020) 
provided the UK with a transitional period until 31 December 2020, during which the UK was bound by EU 
rules despite not being its member state and remained in the single market area, while the future terms of the 
UK's relationship with the EU were being negotiated. 
On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK reached an agreement on the Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the 
"Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), which sets out the principles of the relationship between the EU and 
the UK following the end of the transitional period. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was signed on 30 
December 2020. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement has provisional application until the EU and UK 
complete their ratification procedures. On 29 April 2021, the EU Council ratified the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-
border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement, the application of the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement by the EU and the UK and the implementation by the UK of retained EU law, there remain 
significant uncertainties with regard to the political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the practical application of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement and the 
overall relationship of the UK and the EU is not fully clear. Any potential problematic provision included in 
such agreement or its potential uncertain interpretation could adversely and significantly affect European or 
worldwide economic or market conditions and may contribute to instability in global financial and foreign 
exchange markets. In addition, it would likely lead to legal uncertainty and divergent national laws and 
regulations. The precise impact on the business of the Bank of such uncertainty is difficult to determine. As 
such, no assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the market value and/or the 
liquidity of the Securities in the secondary market.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Credit risk 
As of 31 December 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. recorded a gross NPL ratio (based on EBA metrics) of 4.1% 
excluding the contribution of UBI Banca and at 3.6% including it. On 31 December 2019, the same data 
corresponded to 6.8%, compared to 7.5% recorded on 31 December 2018. The credit institutions which 
recorded a gross NPL ratio higher than 5% are required – on the grounds of the "Guidelines on management of 
non performing and forborne exposures" of EBA – to prepare specific strategic and operative plans for the 
management of such exposures.  
Taking into consideration the pattern of the main credit risk indicators in 2019–2020  the Bank deems that the 
risk related to credit quality is of low relevance.  
The economic and financial activity and soundness of the Bank depends on its borrower's creditworthiness. The 
Bank is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity. Therefore, the clients' breach of the agreements 
entered into and of their underlying obligations, or any lack of information or incorrect information provided by 
them as to their respective financial and credit position, could have negative effects on the economic and/or 
financial situation of the Bank. 
Furthermore, any exposures in the bank portfolio towards counterparties, groups of connected counterparties and 
counterparties of the same economic sector, which perform the same activity or belong to the same geographic 
area, could increase the Bank concentration risk. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the Bank by reason of 
bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other reason. The bankruptcy of an important 
stakeholder, or any concerns about its default, could cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults by other 
institutions, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank. The Bank may also be subject to the risk, under 
specific circumstances, that some of its credits towards third parties are no longer collectable. Furthermore, a 
decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties, including sovereign States, of which the Bank holds securities 
or bonds, might cause losses and/or negatively affect the ability of the Bank to invest again or use in a different 
way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. A significant decrease of the creditworthiness of the 
counterparties of the Bank might, therefore, have a negative impact on the results of the Bank's performances. 
Albeit, in many cases, the Bank could require further guarantees to the counterparties which are in financial 
difficulties, certain disputes may arise with respect to the amount of guarantee that the Bank is entitled to receive 
and the value of the assets which are object of guarantee. The default rates, counterparties rating deterioration 
and disputes in relation to counterparties on the guarantee appraisal could be significantly increased during 
periods of market tensions and illiquidity. 
In compliance with the provisions of the "ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans" published in March 
2017 through which the ECB calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards an 
holistic approach regarding the problem of NPLs, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. submitted to the ECB a plan for the 
reduction of its non-performing loans.  
Subsequently, building on the overall strategy and targets outlined in the 2018-21 Business Plan published in 
February 2018, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. has developed a solid 4-year plan, at no costs to shareholders, to reach an 
NPL level in line with European peers, continuing to maintain a lower leverage and a stronger balance sheet. 
The 2018-21 Group NPL Plan leverages the excellent performance achieved in the past three years, where the 
Bank outperformed vs plan targets on all drivers and operational plans thus exciding, one year early, the de-
risking objectives planned for the overall 4-year plan. The excellent results have been achieved by the 
strengthening of the proactive credit management in containing the new inflows from performing exposures 
performed by each division, by the results achieved in the recovery activities, by the accomplishment of the 
planned disposals, but also thanks to the supervision and monitoring activities performed by the "Group NPL 
Plan Control Room".For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please 
refer to "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
For further information on the management of the "credit risk", please refer to Part E of the explanatory note of 
the consolidated financial statements for 2020, included by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
In Italy, the COVID-19 outbreak, led to a strong GDP contraction with negative effects in all economic sectors. 
Nevertheless, results for 2020 confirmed Intesa Sanpaolo’s ability to effectively face the challenging aftermath 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. Excluding the contribution of UBI Banca, Gross NPLs were reduced by 34.6% on 
year-end 2020 and by around €32 billion since the beginning of 2018 exceeding one year early, by ~€6 billion, 
the deleveraging target of ~€26.4 billion set for the entire four-year period of the 2018-2021 Business Plan. 
Total non-performing loans (bad loan, unlikely-to-pay, and past due) amounted - net of adjustments - to €10,342 
million (excluding €401 million contribution of UBI Banca and around €2.1 billion related to the portfolios 
classified at year-end 2020 as ready to be sold, accounted under non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operations, of which around €1.6 billion pertaining to UBI Banca), down 27.3% from €14,222 
million at year-end 2019. In detail, bad loans decreased to €3,912 million (excluding the contribution of €91 
million of UBI Banca) from €6,740 million at yearend 2019, with a bad loan to total loan ratio of 1% (1.7% as at 
year-end 2019). Unlikely-to-pay loans decreased to €5,945 million (excluding the contribution of €278 million 
of UBI Banca) from €6,738 million at year-end 2019. Past due loans decreased to €485 million (excluding the 
contribution of €32 million of UBI Banca) from €744 million at year-end 2019. 
NPL cash coverage ratio was 49.4% at the end of December 2020 excluding the contribution of UBI Banca 
(48.6% including it), with a cash coverage ratio of 58.8% for the bad loan component excluding the contribution 
of UBI Banca (58.3% including it). 
NPLs at year-end 2020 did not include portfolios classified as ready to be sold, accounted under non-current 
assets held for sale and discontinued operations. Excluding the contribution of UBI Banca, these were equal to 
around €3.2 billion gross and €0.5 billion net; including the contribution, to around €5.4 billion gross post PPA 
and €2.1 billion net.  
Market risk 
For all of 2020, the Group's average managerial VaR (Value at Risk) was €254.8 million, up compared to €151.5 
million in 2019. The performance of this indicator – mainly determined by IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking division (which comprises the operations of Banca IMI now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.)  – 
derives from an increase in the risk measures, mainly due to the volatility in the markets as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. By analysing its composition we observe, with respect to the different factors, the 
prevalence of credit spread risk. It should be specified that in IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division, the 
VaR limit also includes the HTCS (Hold To Collect and Sell) component.  
As to the bank portfolio risks, the interest rate risk, measured in terms of VaR, has recorded, with respect to the 
entirety of 2020, an average value of €626 million (€172 million was the average value on 31 December 2019). 
On 31 December 2020, the VaR was equal to €492 million, compared to €227 million on 31 December 2019. 
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the securities of sovereign 
States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by way of example and without limitation, 
interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), which could determine a deterioration of the financial 
soundness of the Bank and/or the Group. Such deterioration could be produced either by negative effects on the 
income statement deriving from positions held for trading purposes, or from negative changes in the FVOCI 
(Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income) reserve, generated by positions classified as financial 
Activities evaluated at fair value, with an impact on the overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes of the financial instruments value, including the securities 
issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates of currencies, prices of the 
securities listed on the markets, commodities and credit spreads and/or other risks. Such fluctuations could be 
caused by changes in the general economic trend, the investors' propensity to investments, monetary and tax 
policies, liquidity of the markets on a global scale, availability and capital cost, interventions of rating agencies, 
political events both at social and international level, war conflicts and acts of terrorism. The market risk occurs 
both with respect to the trading book, which includes the financial trading instruments and derivative 
instruments related thereto, and the banking book, which includes the financial assets and liabilities that are 
different from those contained in the trading book.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk  
The ratio between the credits towards customers and the direct deposit taking, as at 31 December 2020 was at 
88%, compared to 93% on 31 December 2019. 
The "Liquidity Coverage Ratio" (LCR) on 31 December 2020 was higher than 100% against a minimum 
regulatory threshold equal to 100%. 
The "Net Stable Funding Ratio" (NSFR) on 31 December 2020 was higher than 100% against a minimum 
regulatory threshold of 100% to be respected starting from June 2021. 
The participation of the Group to TLTRO funding transactions with ECB at the end of December 2020 was 
equal to approximately  €82.9 billion (of which Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. € 70.9 billion and UBI Banca: € 12 
billion). 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the market situation 
and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of the Bank, possibly accompanied by the need to 
adapt the liquidity situation of the Bank to the regulatory requirements updated from time to time in 
implementation of the European rules, may have negative effects on the activities and the economic and/or 
financial situation of the Bank and the Group. 
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is not able to satisfy its payment obligations at maturity, both due to 
the inability to raise funds on the market (funding liquidity risk) and of the difficulty to disinvest its own assets 
(market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Bank may be prejudiced by the temporary impossibility of accessing capital markets by the 
issuance of debt securities (both guaranteed and not guaranteed), the inability to receive funds from 
counterparties which are external to or of the Group, the inability to sell certain assets or redeem its investments, 
as well as unexpected cash outflows or the obligation to provide more guarantees. Such a situation may occur by 
reason of circumstances that are independent from the control of the Bank, such as a general market disruption 
or an operational issue which affects the Bank or any third parties, or also by reason of the perception among the 
participants in the market that the Bank or other participants in the market are experiencing a higher liquidity 
risk. The liquidity crisis and the loss of trust in the financial institutions may increase the Bank's cost of funding 
and limit its access to some of its traditional liquidity sources.  
Examples of liquidity risk manifestation are the bankruptcy of an important participant to the market, or 
concerns about its possible default, which may cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults of other banks 
which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank; and a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties of which 
the Bank holds securities or bonds, that may determine losses and/or negatively affect the ability of the Bank to 
invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes.  
The participation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to the TLTRO funding transactions with the ECB as at 31 
December 2019 is equal to approximately €49 billion. In particular, the Group has participated to 7 TLTRO 
funding transactions, starting from 24 June 2016. As at 31 December 2020, such transactions amounted to 
approximately €70.9 billion (excluding the contribution of €12 billion of UBI Banca), consisting entirely of 
TLTROs III.  
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Due to the financial market crisis, followed also by the reduced liquidity available to operators in the sector, in 
March 2019 ECB announced a new series of quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROIII) 
to be launched in September 2019 to March 2021, each with a maturity of two years, recently shifted by an 
additional 1 year. On March 2020 new long term refinancing operations (LTROs) were announced to provide a

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
bridge until the TLTRO III window in June 2020 and ensure liquidity and regular money market conditions. 
These measures were integrated with temporary collateral easing measures. 
Operational risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of operational risk which are intrinsic to its business, among which 
those mentioned herein, by way of example and without limitation: frauds by external persons, frauds or losses 
arising from the unfaithfulness of the employees and/or breach of control procedures, operational errors, 
defects or malfunctions of computer or telecommunication systems, computer virus attacks, default of suppliers 
with respect to their contractual obligations, terrorist attacks and natural disasters. The occurrence of one or 
more of said risks may have significant negative effects on the business, the operational results and the 
economic and financial situation of the Bank. The capital requirement amounts to €2,205 million as at 31 
December 2020 and represents approximately 7.94% of the total value of the Intesa Sanpaolo  Group 
requirement. The increase compared to €1,697 million euro as at 31 December 2019 is mainly due to the 
addition of the operational risk requirements of the acquired UBI Group (€417 million at 31 December 2020). 
The operational risk may be defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events.  
The Bank’s operational risk management process is divided into the following phases: 
• 
identification: which includes the collection and classification of qualitative and quantitative 
information that allows to identify and describe the Group’s potential areas of operational risk; 
• 
measurement and assessment: which includes the process of qualitative and quantitative determination 
of the Group’s exposure to operational risks;  
• 
monitoring and control: the purpose of the monitoring phase is to analyse and monitor on an ongoing 
basis the development of the exposure to operational risks on the basis of the structured organisation of 
the results of the identification, assessment and measurement processes and the observation of 
indicators that represent a valid proxy of the exposure to operational risks (e.g., limits, early warnings 
and indicators established within the RAF);  
• 
mitigation: which includes activities aimed at containing the exposure to operational risks, defined on 
the basis of the results of the identification, measurement, assessment and monitoring phases;  
• 
reporting: which includes the preparation of appropriate information flows associated with operational 
risk management, designed to provide disclosure useful, for example, (i) for analysis and understanding 
of any dynamics underlying the trend in the level of exposure to operational risks; (ii) analysis and 
understanding of the main issues identified; (iii) defining the mitigation actions and intervention 
priorities. 
Although the Bank constantly supervises its own operational risks, certain unexpected events and/or events out 
of the Bank's control may occur (including those mentioned above by way of example and without limitation), 
with possible negative effects on the business and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the 
Group, as well as on its reputation. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements for 
2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of foreign exchange risk which are intrinsic to its business and are 
lied in foreign currency loans and deposits held by customers, purchases of securities, equity investments and 
other financial instruments in foreign currencies, conversion to domestic currency of assets, liabilities and 
income of branches and subsidiaries abroad, trading of foreign currencies and banknotes, and collection and/or 
payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs in foreign currencies. Although the Bank

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
constantly monitors its exposure to foreign currencies, any negative development of the foreign rates may have 
negative effects on activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Group. 
"Foreign exchange risk" is defined as the possibility that foreign exchange rate fluctuations produce significant 
changes, both positive and negative, in the Group's balance sheet aggregates. The key sources of exchange rate 
risk lie in: 
• 
foreign currency loans and deposits held by corporate and/or retail customers; 
• 
purchases of securities, equity investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies; 
• 
conversion into domestic currency of assets, liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries abroad; 
• 
trading of foreign currencies and banknotes; 
• 
collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs in foreign 
currencies. 
More specifically, "structural" foreign exchange risk refers to the exposures deriving from the commercial 
operations and the strategic investment decisions of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Foreign exchange transactions, spot and forward, are carried out mostly by IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking division (which comprises the operations of Banca IMI now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.),  
which also operates in the name and on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. with the task of guaranteeing pricing 
throughout the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group while optimising the proprietary risk profile deriving from 
brokerage of foreign currencies traded by customers. 
The main types of financial instruments traded include: spot and forward exchange transactions in foreign 
currencies, forex swaps, domestic currency swaps, and foreign exchange options. 
1.4. 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the 
regulation on the solution of banking crises  
Regulatory framework 
The Bank is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed by the 
relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). Both the 
aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous updates and practice 
developments. 
Furthermore, as a listed Bank, the Bank is required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB. 
The Bank, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the financial and 
banking sector, is also subject to specific Rules on anti-money laundering, usury and consumer protection. 
Although the Bank undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the rules and/or 
changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities could give rise to 
new burdens and obligations for the Bank, with possible negative impacts on the operational results and the 
economic and financial situation of the Bank. 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the Supervisory Rules has been amended on the grounds of the 
Directions deriving from the so called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly strengthen 
the minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction of policies and 
quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation levels. In 
particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal to 7% of the risk-

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total Capital ratio equal at 
least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so called "capital conservation 
buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
As known, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is 
subject to direct supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB). Following the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement that 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. must comply with a consolidated level.  
On 26 November 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo received the ECB’s final decision concerning the capital requirement 
that the Bank has to meet, as of 1 January 2020. When the regulatory amendment introduced by the ECB with 
effect from 12 March 2020 – which establishes that the Pillar 2 requirement may be met by partially using 
capital instruments other than Common Equity Tier 1 – is applied, the overall capital requirement the Bank is 
required to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.40% under the transitional arrangements for 2020 
and 8.59% on a fully loaded basis. 
The following requirements match the determination of the requirement related to the Common Equity Tier 1 
ratio for 2020: a) the SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio equal to 9.5%, which includes the Pillar I 
minimum requirement of 8%, in whose context a 4.5% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and 1.5% of 
additional requirement of Pillar II, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio; b) the additional 
requirement related to the Capital Conservation Buffer, equal to 2.5% according to the criteria in force in 2019 
and the O-SII Buffer (Other Systematically Important Institutions Buffer) additional requirement, equal to 
0.38% according to the transitional criteria in force for 2020 and 0.75% according to the criteria in force in 
2021. 
It should be noted that, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of COVID-19, 
announced certain measures aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct supervision, are still able to provide 
credit support to the real economy. 
Considering that the European banking sector acquired a significant amount of capital reserves (with the aim of 
enabling banks to face with stressful situations such as the COVID-19), the ECB allows banks to operate 
temporarily below the capital level defined by the "Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G)" and the "capital conservation buffer 
(CCB)". Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be further improved by an appropriate 
revision of the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the competent national authorities. 
Moreover, due to the COVID-19 outbreak, with the Recommendation of 27 March, 2020 the ECB recommended 
that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no irrevocable commitment to pay out dividends 
is undertaken by the credit institutions for the financial year 2019 and 2020 and that credit institutions refrain 
from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders. The ECB has decided to extend the recommendation 
on dividends until 1 January 2021 with the Recommendation BCE/2020/35 that repeals Recommendation ECB 
2020/19 of  27 March 2020. On 15 December 2020 the ECB issued a new Recommendation (Recommendation 
ECB/2020/62) repealing the Recommendation ECB/2020/35 in which renewed its guidance to banks to exercise 
extreme caution with regard to dividends and share buybacks, recommending in particular that: (i) they consider 
not distributing any cash dividends or to limit such distributions until 30 September 2021; (ii)  if they still intend 
to distribute dividends or carry out share buybacks, they apply the lower of 15% of the cumulated profit for 
2019-2020 and 20 bps in terms of CET 1 as a criterion; (iii) they be profitable and have robust capital 
trajectories if they intend to distribute dividends, and they are expected to contact their JST in advance to discuss 
whether the level of intended distribution is prudent; (iv) they refrain from distributing interim dividends out of 
their 2021 profits.  
On 25 November 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. received the final decision of the ECB concerning the capital 
requirement that must be respected in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio starting from 1 January 2021, which 
was fixed at 8.44% according to the transitional criteria in force for 2020 and at 8.63% according to the criteria 
currently in force. 
As at 31 December 2020, by taking into account the transitional treatment adopted to mitigate the impact of the 
IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Transitional), the total solvency coefficient of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (Total Capital Ratio)

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
is at 19.6%; and the ratio between the Class I Capital (Tier 1) of the Group and the set of risk-weighted assets 
(Tier 1 ratio) is at 16.9%. The ratio between the Primary Capital of Class 1 (CET1) and the risk-weighted assets 
(Common Equity Tier 1 ratio) is equal to 14.7%. 
By taking into consideration the full inclusion of the impact of IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Fully Loaded), the solvency 
coefficients as of 31 December 2020 are the following: Total capital ratio 19.2%; Tier 1 ratio 16.2%; and 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 14.0%. As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term 
indicator (Liquidity Coverage Ratio or LCR), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow 
the survival of the bank for a period of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity 
indicator (Net Stable Funding Ratio or NSFR) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure 
that the assets and liabilities have a sustainable maturity structure. 
Both indicators of the Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the Rules. 
The slowdown in economic activity caused by lockdowns across Europe and the measures the Governments 
have taken to face the effects of the current health and economic emergency impacted the Group operations in 
the different countries of its perimeter. The business continuity management plans were activated in order to 
ensure the regular execution of Treasury activities and the proper information flows to the senior management 
and the Supervisors. 
Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is more than safe and under constant control, some risks may 
materialize in the coming months, depending on the length of the current lockdown and expected economic 
recovery. An important mitigating factor to these risks are the contingency management policies in place in the 
Group system of rules and the measures announced by the European Central Bank, which have granted a higher 
flexibility in the management of the current liquidity situation by leveraging on the available liquidity buffers. 
Furthermore, the Prudential Basel III Regulation introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which measures the 
coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the Bank Group. Such index is calculated 
by considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to contain the degree 
of indebtedness in the balance sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%.  
Although the above-mentioned regulatory evolution (further described under the "Regulatory Section" of this 
Base Prospectus) envisages a gradual adaptation to the new prudential requirements, the impacts on the 
management dynamics of the Bank could be significant. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so called 
"SRMR" as amended by Regulation 877/2019/EU, "SRMR II")), which may determine a significant impact on 
the economic and financial position of the Bank and the Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific 
funds with financial resources that are provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit 
institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, "BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, "BRRD II"), which, inter alia, 
introduced the so called "bail-in" and introduced Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities 
("MREL"), Regulation 2019/876/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, which amends Regulation 
575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR II") and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 2019/878/EU, which amends 
Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD V") must be taken into consideration and put in force by Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended to enable a 
wide range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. the sale of 
business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under the BRRD 
towards the Intesa Sanpaolo Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to the 
Securities. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the "SSM 
Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or 
"SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total 
value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its 
total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit 
institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the 
European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be 
of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member 
State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant 
supervised group within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 
April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the 
European Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the 
"SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect 
of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation.  
For further details, please see the "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
1.5. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the 
applied accounting principles  
The Bank is exposed, as well as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects deriving from 
both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the existing ones, in particular with 
respect to the international IAS/IFRS accounting principles, as approved and adopted within the European legal 
system. On the date of first implementation of the IFRS 9 principle (31 March 2018), the main impacts for the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the application of the new impairment accounting model (based on the 
"expected loss" concept instead of the "incurred loss" approach, which was previously envisaged by IAS 39), 
which has led to an increase of the value adjustments. The first implementation of the IFRS 16 principle, on 31 
March 2019, caused an impact on the CET 1, equal to - 8 base points. 
In relation to interventions on the accounting regulations, it is important to highlight that a particular attention 
should be given towards the international principle IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments", which replaced the IAS 39 
as per the classification and measurement of the financial instruments. Such principle, which has been approved 
by means of Regulation (EU) 2067/2016, entered into force on 1 January 2018. 
For an in depth analysis of the IFRS 9, the relevant implementation project and the effects of its first application 
(FTA) we refer to the chapter on "The transition to the international accounting principle IFRS 9" included in 
the balance sheet as of 31 December 2018. We would like to underline that, upon the first application of the 
principle, the main impacts for Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the enforcement of the new impairment 
accounting model (based on the concept of "expected loss" instead of the approach of the "incurred loss", 
previously envisaged by IAS 39), which caused an increase of the value adjustments.  
Also with reference to the application of the IFRS 9, we observe that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as mainly a 
banking financial conglomerate, has decided to avail itself of the option of application of the so called "Deferral 
Approach" (or Temporary Exemption), by virtue of which the financial assets and liabilities of the insurance 
subsidiary Companies continue to be registered on the balance sheet under the provisions of IAS 39, awaiting 
the entry into force of the new international accounting principle on insurance agreements (IFRS 17), which is 
scheduled for 2023.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Furthermore, it is important to highlight that IFRS 16 came into force on 1 January 2019. This new financial 
reporting standard, which replaces IAS 17, has an impact on the method of accounting for leases, as well as 
rental, hire, lease and loan agreements, introducing a new definition based on the transfer of the “right of use” of 
the asset leased. The new standard requires all leases to be recorded by the lessee in the Balance Sheet as assets 
and liabilities. It introduces a different method of recognition for the costs: in IAS 17, lease payments were 
reported under the Income Statement caption administrative expenses, whereas under IFRS 16, the expense is 
reported both through the amortisation of the asset related to the “right of use” and as an interest expense on the 
payable. The adjustment of the opening balance sheet following the adoption of IFRS 16 using the modified 
retrospective approach has resulted in an increase in assets following the recognition of the new rights of use at 
Group level of 1,599 million euro and in the financial liabilities (payable to the lessor) of the same amount. 
There have therefore been no impacts on shareholders’ equity from the first-time adoption of the standard, 
because, as a result of the decision to adopt the modified approach (option B), upon first-time adoption the 
values of the assets and liabilities are the same, net of the reclassification of accruals and deferrals and the 
presentation of leases previously classified as finance leases under IAS 17. 
For further details on new standards or amendments to existing ones, together with the related EU endorsement 
regulations, which came into force in 2020, please see Part A of the explanatory note of the consolidated 
financial statements for 2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
2.1. Risks related to the nature of the Securities 
The Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Certificates must determine the suitability of the investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to evaluate the Certificates, the merits and risks of investing 
in the Certificates and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any applicable supplement to the Base Prospectus and all information contained in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Certificates and the impact that the Certificates will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Certificates, including Certificates with amounts payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
Settlement Currency is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Certificates and be familiar with any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Index Securities, Share Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Interest Rate 
Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, Fund Securities, Commodity Securities, Govies Securities or Combined 
Securities may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional securities such as debt or 
equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in "Risks related to the structure of a particular 
issue of Securities" set out below.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Certificates are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Certificates which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Certificates 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Certificates and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Regulatory restrictions with regard to certain types of Certificates 
The BRRD II and the SRMR II have detailed the scope of liabilities that are intended to be eligible for the 
purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"). In particular, according 
to Article 45b para. 2 of the BRRD II and Article 12c par. 2 of the SRMR II, certain types of Certificates 
may be considered as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined below). 
As a consequence, in relation to Certificates that may be considered as eligible liabilities according to such 
Articles, all the provisions concerning the eligible liabilities set out in the BRRD II, in the SRMR II and in the 
CRR II, should be deemed applicable for the Certificates which satisfy the conditions set out the in the MREL 
Requirements.  
Certificates intended to be eligible are subject to certain restrictions. In particular, the respective Securityholders 
are not entitled to set off claims arising from such Certificates against any of the Issuer’s claims. No security of 
whatever kind and no guarantee is, or shall at any time be, provided by the Issuer or other entities related to the 
Issuer, which enhances the seniority of the claims under these Certificates. Furthermore, the early redemption 
and the repurchase of Certificates that are intended to be eligible for the purposes of MREL are subject to 
specific restrictions such as the prior consent of the competent authority. Further, termination rights, if any, are 
excluded for the respective Securityholders, other than in the case of the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, 
under all relevant laws and regulations amended from time to time, which are and will be applicable to it. 
These restrictions limit the rights of the Securityholders and might expose them to the risk that their investment 
will have a lower potential return than expected. 
In addition, the BRRD II, the SRMR II and the CRR II have been recently adopted and there is uncertainty as to 
their implementation and interpretation in the relevant Member States. 
Option risk 
The Certificates are derivative financial instruments which may include an option right and which, therefore, 
have many characteristics in common with options. Transactions in options involve a high level of risk. An 
investor who intends to trade in options must first of all understand the functioning of the types of contracts 
which he intends to trade in (for example, call options and put options). An investment in options constitutes a 
highly volatile investment and there is a high likelihood that the option may have no value whatsoever at 
expiration. In such case, the investor would lose the entire amount used to purchase the option (known as the 
"premium"). 
An investor who is considering the purchase of a call option over an Underlying, the market price of which is 
much lower than the price at which the exercise of the option would be opportune (known as "deep out of the 
money"), must consider that the possibility that the exercise of the option will become profitable is remote. 
Likewise, an investor who is considering the purchase of a put option over an Underlying, the market price of 
which is much higher than the price at which the exercise of the option would be opportune, must consider that 
the possibility that the exercise of the option will become profitable is remote.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
The Certificates include some options on the Underlying(s). The amount potentially paid or deliverable on 
exercise will depend on the value of such options. Prior to the expiration of a Certificate, a variation in the value 
of the relevant options may involve a reduction in the value of such Certificate. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the Securities in the Settlement Currency specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Settlement Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Settlement Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Settlement Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Securities, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
Combined Amount in respect of the Securities and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the 
Securities. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, the Combined Amount that investors may receive may 
be less than expected or zero. 
The above risks may be increased for currencies of emerging market jurisdictions. 
2.2. Risks related to the Underlying 
General risks and risks relating to the Underlying 
The Securities involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign exchange, 
time value and political risks. Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a partial or total loss of the purchase 
price of their Securities. This risk reflects the nature of a Security as an asset which, other factors held constant, 
tends to decline in value over time and which may become worthless on expiration. See "Certain Factors 
Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Securities" below. Prospective purchasers of Securities should be 
experienced with respect to options and option transactions, should understand the risks of transactions 
involving the relevant Securities and should reach an investment decision only after careful consideration with 
their advisers of the suitability of such Securities in light of their particular financial circumstances, the 
information set forth herein, the information regarding the relevant Securities and the particular Underlying. 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Security upon expiration means that, in order to 
recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of a Security must generally be correct about 
the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant Underlying. Assuming 
all other factors are held constant, the lower the value of a Security and the shorter its remaining term to 
expiration, the greater the risk that purchasers of such Security will lose all or part of their investment. The only 
means through which a holder can realise value from such Security prior to the Exercise Date in relation to such 
Security is to sell it at its then market price in an available secondary market. See "Possible illiquidity of the 
Securities in the secondary market" below. 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant Underlying will affect the value of the Securities. Purchasers of 
Securities risk losing their entire investment if the value of the relevant underlying basis of reference does not 
move in the anticipated direction. 
The Issuer may issue several issues of Securities relating to various reference indices, exchange rates, shares, 
funds, interest rates, commodities, or future contracts, as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. At any 
given time, the number of Securities outstanding may be substantial. Securities provide opportunities for 
investment and pose risks to investors as a result of fluctuations in the value of the underlying investment. In

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
general, certain of the risks associated with the Securities are similar to those generally applicable to other 
options of private corporate issuers. Options or Securities on equities or debt securities are priced primarily on 
the basis of the value of underlying securities. The trading value of Commodity Securities is likely to reflect 
primarily present and expected values of the commodity (or basket of commodities). 
The Securities do not represent a claim against any Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other 
connected person in respect of an Underlying) and Securityholders will not have any right of recourse under the 
Securities to any such Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an 
Underlying). The Securities are in no way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or 
other connected person in respect of an Underlying and such entities have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions on any Securityholders. 
Risk arising from the Benchmark Regulation 
The Underlying or a Basket Constituent may qualify as a benchmark (the "Benchmark") within the meaning of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark 
Regulation"). According to the Benchmark Regulation, a Benchmark could not be used as such if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to applicable 
transitional provisions) does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions (according to Article 30 of the BMR), is 
not "recognised" pending such a decision (according to Article 32 of the BMR) and is not "endorsed" for such 
purpose (according to Article 33 of the BMR). Consequently, it might be not possible to further utilise a 
Benchmark as Underlying or Basket Constituent of the Securities. In such event, depending on the particular 
Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Securities, the Securities could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior 
to maturity or otherwise impacted. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation could have a material adverse effect on 
the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a Benchmark and complying with the Benchmark Regulation. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
such Benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmarks; or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international, national or other proposal for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under the Securities. 
The potential elimination of a Benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of such Benchmark, as a 
result of the Benchmark Regulation or otherwise, could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or 
result in other consequences. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it 
has done in the past or be discontinued. The application of the fallback methods may expose investors to certain 
risks including, but not limited to (i) conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent when making the required 
adjustments to the Securities, or (ii) the replacement of the Underlying or Basket Constituent with a different 
Underlying or Basket Constituent which could perform differently than the original Underlying or Basket 
Constituent and therefore affect amounts payable in respect of the Securities, or (iii) the early redemption of the 
Securities. 
Investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under the Securities. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment 
decision with respect to the Securities linked to a Benchmark.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Securities 
The Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Securities) or the value of the Entitlement (less, in the 
case of Warrants, the Premium) (in the case of Physical Delivery Securities) at any time prior to expiration is 
typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Securities at that time. The difference between the 
trading price and the Cash Settlement Amount or the Physical Delivery, as the case may be, will reflect, among 
other things, a "time value" for the Securities. The "time value" of the Securities will depend partly upon the 
length of the period remaining to expiration and expectations concerning the value of the Underlying. Securities 
offer hedging and investment diversification opportunities but also pose some additional risks with regard to 
interim value. The interim value of the Securities varies with the price of the Underlying, as well as by a number 
of other interrelated factors, including those specified herein. 
Before exercising (in the case of Warrants) or selling Securities, Securityholders should carefully consider, 
among other things, (i) the trading price of the Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying, (iii) the 
time remaining to expiration, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of Cash Settlement 
Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) in 
currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying and (viii) any related 
transaction costs. 
Certain considerations regarding hedging 
Prospective purchasers intending to purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with 
investing in an underlying asset, should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this manner. For 
example, the value of the Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the underlying asset which may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Securities, there is no 
assurance that their value will correlate with movements of the underlying asset which may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. For these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate 
securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any relevant index or basket. 
The Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents may from time to time hedge the Issuer's obligations 
under such Securities (and under other instruments and OTC contracts issued by or entered into from time to 
time by the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents relating to such securities) by taking positions, 
directly or indirectly, in the underlying asset. Although the Issuer has no reason to believe that such hedging 
activities will have a material impact on the price of any underlying, there can be no assurance that such hedging 
activities will not adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Share Securities 
An investment in Share Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On redemption or exercise, as the case may be, of Share Securities, Holders will 
receive an amount (if any) determined by reference to the value of the share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs and/or the 
physical delivery of a given number of share(s), GDRs and/or ADR/s. Accordingly, an investment in Share 
Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment and investors should take advice 
accordingly. Share Securities pay amounts calculated by reference to the value of the underlying share(s), GDRs 
and/or ADRs. 
In the case of Share Securities, no issuer of the underlying shares will have participated in the preparation of the 
relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities and neither the Issuer nor any Manager will 
make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning 
any such issuer of shares contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was 
extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date 
(including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described 
in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the share, GDRs and/or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
ADRs will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure 
to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of shares could affect the trading price of the share, 
GDRs and/or ADRs and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
Except as provided in the Conditions in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, Securityholders will not have 
voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant shares 
to which such Securities relate. 
Certain considerations associated with Exchange Rate Securities 
An Investment in Exchange Rate Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. Fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of Exchange Rate Securities. 
Currency values related to the exchange rates may be affected by complex political and economic factors, 
including governmental action to fix or support the value of an exchange rate, regardless of other market forces 
(see "Exchange rate risks and exchange controls" below). Purchasers of Securities risk losing their entire 
investment if the relevant exchange rates do not move in the anticipated direction. 
Certain considerations associated with Fund Securities 
An investment in Fund Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional 
debt security. An investment in Fund Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the 
relevant fund(s) and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Certain considerations associated with Futures Contract Securities 
An investment in Futures Contract Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. The yield on Securities which are linked to futures contracts may not be perfectly 
correlated to the trend in the price of the underlying asset of the future contract, as the use of futures contracts 
generally involves a rolling mechanism. This means that any futures contracts which expire prior to the relevant 
payment date under the applicable underlying securities are replaced with futures contracts that have a later 
expiry date. Investors may, therefore, only marginally benefit from any rise or fall in the price of the underlying 
asset of the future contract. 
In addition, the trend of futures contracts may differ significantly from that of the underlying asset's spot 
markets. In relation to commodity futures contracts, the trend in the price of a futures contracts compared to the 
underlying commodity is closely linked to the present and future level of production of the underlying 
commodity, or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly in the case of energy linked products. In 
addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract may not be considered an accurate prediction of a 
market price, since it also includes so-called "carrying costs" (for example, warehouse or insurance costs). These 
factors substantially explain the imperfect correlation between commodity spot markets and commodity futures 
contracts. 
If the feature Futures Contract First Near-by is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will 
be entitled to determine the Initial Reference Value on the basis of a Futures Contract First Near-by, i.e. the 
futures contract that has the same features of the Futures Contract indicated as Underlying, and has an expiration 
date which is the closest to the Determination Date. Since the Issuer will not make any adjustment to the price of 
the Securities following such rollover, investors should consider that the price of the futures contract used before 
the rollover may be different from the price of the futures contract used after the rollover. 
Certain considerations associated with Commodity Securities 
An investment in Commodity Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct commodity investment and 
potential investors should take advice accordingly. The movements in the price of the Commodity may be

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices.  
The price of Commodities may be affected by economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which the relevant 
Commodities may be traded. 
Certain considerations associated with Index Securities 
An investment in Index Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. The underlying index may be a well-known and widely published index or an index 
which may not be widely published or available. The index may reference, among others, equities, bonds, 
currency exchange rates or other securities or it may be a property index referencing certain property price data 
which will be subject to market price fluctuations or it may reference a number of different assets or indices. A 
property index may include valuations only and not actual transactions and the property data sources used to 
compile the index may be subject to change, which may adversely affect the return on the Securities. In addition, 
the property index may be sponsored and/or calculated by the Issuer or one of its affiliates. 
Certain considerations associated with Interest Rate Securities 
An investment in Interest Rate Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On exercise of Interest Rate Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if 
any) determined by reference to the value of the underlying interest rate(s). Accordingly, an investment in 
Interest Rate Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the underlying interest rate and 
investors should take advice accordingly. 
Certain considerations associated with Govies Securities 
An investment in Govies Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the relevant 
government/supranational bond. The movements in the value of such bond or in its yield may be affected by 
economic, financial and political events in the relevant country or regional area. The credit ratings of the 
relevant country may change and any ratings downgrade could adversely affect the value of the underlying bond 
and, therefore, the value of the Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Combined Securities 
An investment in Combined Securities will entail significant risks depending on the specific underlying assets. 
The risk associated with the aforementioned types should be considered in accordance with the specific financial 
assets of each issue and investors should take advice accordingly. 
2.3. Specific risks related to Certificates 
Loss risk in relation to the investment 
The investor shall consider that, in relation to their investment, there is a risk of loss of the capital invested 
depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In particular, if the relevant Final Terms provides a 
Barrier Level, the investor shall consider that, in the event of a negative performance of the underlying asset at 
the Valuation Date or a negative Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or a negative Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), in the event a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap Event 
(in the case of Gap Certificates) has occurred, a loss will occur in respect of the capital invested. If the Final 
Reference Value of the underlying asset is equal to zero, the investor might suffer a total loss of the capital. 
Moreover, if prior to the exercise the investor decides to terminate the investment in the Certificates, the investor 
might be subject to the loss of the value of the certificate and, therefore, might be subject to the total or partial 
loss of the investment.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Certain considerations associated with Securities providing for the application of a Multiplier 
The Securities may provide for the application to the relevant Underlying of a Multiplier in order to increase or 
decrease the percentage of each Underlying used to determine the amounts payable or deliverable to investors. 
The Multiplier may be lower than 100 per cent. 
In such case, the amounts payable or deliverable to investors will be reduced and, therefore, will contribute to 
the yield of the Securities only to such reduced extent. The performance of the relevant reference item(s) will, 
therefore, impact the yield of the Securities only to a limited extent. 
Certain considerations associated with Securities providing for the application of a cap  
The Securities may provide for the application of a maximum return payable to investors or of a maximum value 
or level to the relevant Underlying(s). 
In such case, the amounts payable to investors will be subject to the predetermined maximum. If the relevant 
Underlying(s) outperforms the predetermined maximum, this will not be taken into consideration when 
calculating the amount payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
The Cash Settlement Amount or the physical delivery of the Entitlement may be less than the value of an 
investment in the Securities 
Each Securityholder may receive a Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, and/or physical delivery of the 
Entitlement the aggregate value of which may be less than the value of the Securityholder's investment in the 
relevant Securities. In certain circumstances Securityholders may lose the entire value of their investment. 
Risk related to a protection level lower than 100% or a protection amount lower than the Issue Price 
The Certificates may provide a protection level or a protection amount. The protection level represents the 
protection percentage of the Initial Reference Value of the Certificate and that the Cash Settlement Amount will 
not fall below such protection level. The protection amount represents the minimum amount of Cash Settlement 
Amount that the investor will receive. The lower the protection level or the protection amount, the higher the 
loss (if any) that the investor might suffer given that the Issue Price of the Certificate will not be entirely 
protected and the Cash Settlement Amount at the Exercise Date might be lower than the Issue Price. 
Exchange Rate risk related to the absence of a Quanto Option  
The investment in Cash Settled Securities which do not provide a Quanto Option (i.e. Non Quanto Securities) 
when the Underlying Reference Currency of the underlying asset differs from the Settlement Currency may 
entail risks related to the exchange rate.  
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Redemption Amounts or Remuneration Amounts or Corridor 
Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital Payment and the relevant events will be determined by exchanging the 
Underlying Reference Currency in the Settlement Currency at the applicable Exchange Rate. Therefore, without 
a Quanto Option, any adverse variation of the Exchange Rate might frustrate either the performance of the 
underlying asset at maturity and the returns linked to a remuneration amount and might determine a loss of the 
capital invested.  
In the case of Cash Settled Securities without a Quanto Option (i.e. Non Quanto Securities), any adverse 
variation of the exchange rate might also reduce the effect of total or partial protection on the capital invested 
(depending on the structure of the product) represented by such protection. In fact, the Cash Settlement Amount 
at the maturity (and, therefore, the protection level that is part of the calculation of such amount of Settlement, 
subject to certain conditions) shall be determined by exchanging the Underlying Reference Currency into the 
Settlement Currency at the applicable Exchange Rate with the consequence of suffering the decrease in value of 
the Underlying Reference Currency of the underlying asset in respect of the Settlement Currency.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Conversely, in case of Quanto Securities, the Underlying Reference Currency is in any case conventionally 
denominated in the Settlement Currency and the Exchange Rate is not applicable and therefore the effects of the 
Exchange Rates on the amount paid in relation to the Securities are neutralised. However, it cannot be excluded 
that the variations on the Exchange Rates might have negative effects on the performance of the underlying asset 
and therefore, indirectly, also on the Securities with the Quanto Option. 
Risk relating to Dual Currency Securities 
An investment in Dual Currency Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. In particular, the Cash Settlement Amount and the Remuneration Amount(s) are 
payable in a currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Settlement Currency) which is different from 
the currency in which the Certificates are denominated (the Issue Currency). 
Currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in the 
Cash Settlement Amount and/or Remuneration Amount(s) and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may 
affect the actual return to investors. 
Therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currencies (i.e. the Issue Currency and the Settlement 
Currency) will affect the value of Dual Currency Securities, and may determine a loss of the capital invested.  
Risk relating to Dual Currency FX Certificates 
An investment in Dual Currency FX Certificates will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in 
a conventional debt security. In particular, upon occurrence of a Barrier Event, the Cash Settlement Amount may 
be payable in a currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Dual Currency) which is different from the 
currency in which the Certificates are denominated (the Issue Currency). 
Currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in the 
Cash Settlement Amount and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual return to 
investors. 
Therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currencies (i.e. the Issue Currency and the Dual 
Currency) will affect the value of Dual Currency FX Certificates, and may determine a loss of the capital 
invested.  
Price risk and components that determine the value of the Certificates 
The Certificates are composed of a combination of several options and the Securityholder shall take into account 
that the value of the Certificates will depend on the value of each option composing the certificate. The 
fluctuation over time of the value of each optional components (and therefore of the Certificates) mostly 
depends on the current value of the underlying asset to which the Certificates relate, the volatility of the 
underlying asset, the residual life of the options composing the Certificates, the levels of the interest rates of the 
monetary markets, the expected dividends (in the case of Share Securities), the correlation (in the event that the 
underlying asset is a Basket or a Basket of Baskets) as well as the business of the Issuer of the underlying asset, 
speculative contractions and other factors. 
An increase in the value of the underlying asset might determine an increase in the price of the Certificates. 
Moreover, such determinations are uncertain as the effect on the price of the Certificates is given by the implicit 
optional structure that takes into account the possibility that an event linked to the payment of a Remuneration 
Amount as well as a Barrier Event (or a Barrier Gap Event) may occur during the life of the certificate. Prior to 
the maturity of the certificate, the value of the options might decrease and therefore it will affect the value of the 
certificate or some of them might expire. 
The value of the Underlying may vary during the course of time and may increase or decrease as the 
consequence of several factors including corporate transactions, distribution of dividends, microeconomic

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
factors and speculative negotiations. Changes in the value of the underlying asset may affect the trading price of 
the Certificates but it not possible to foresee if the value of the Underlying will suffer from decreasing or 
increasing variations. Furthermore, the price of the Certificates might be influenced (in case of listing after 
offering) by the underwriting and/or placement commissions that will be paid to the Managers and/or the Lead 
Manager and/or the or distribution commissions the will be paid to the Distributor. The price of the Certificates 
might be negatively influenced by the worsening of the asset stability of the Issuer. 
Risk related to the Participation Factor, the Up Participation Factor and Down Participation Factor 
If the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated on the basis of the Participation Factor, which is a value 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms that may be lower than, equal to or higher than 100%, 
such Participation Factor determines the potential return of the Certificates. If it is lower than 100%, the investor 
will partially benefit from the positive performance (or from the negative performance in case of Short Strategy) 
of the Underlying. 
If the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in relation to the Up Participation Factor and Down 
Participation Factor, the return deriving from the positive performance of the Underlying (respectively, positive 
performance in case of Long Strategy and negative performance in case of Short Strategy) will depend on the 
Up Participation Factor, which may be lower than 100%. If it is lower than 100%, the investor will partially 
benefit from the positive performance of the Underlying. Conversely, the return deriving from the negative 
performance of the Underlying (respectively, negative performance in case of Long Outperformance Certificates 
and positive performance in case of Short Outperformance Certificates) will depend on the Down Participation 
Factor, which may be higher than 100%. If it is higher than 100%, the negative impact of the negative 
performance of the Underlying will be amplified. 
Risk related to the Digital Level  
In relation to the Certificates, the Issuer may set, at its own discretion, one or more Digital Levels higher, equal 
or lower than the Initial Reference Value. In particular, the higher the Digital Level is set in respect of the Initial 
Reference Value (or the lower, in case of Short Strategy), the greater the possibility that a Digital Event will not 
occur and therefore that the relevant Digital Amount will not be paid.  
In relation to the Cliquet Feature, the investor should also consider that the Digital Level might change in 
relation to one or more Digital Valuation Periods and, in relation to each Digital Level, a different Digital 
Amount may be provided. 
If an Up Range Digital Level and a Down Range Digital Level are specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
possibility that a Digital Event will not occur and therefore that the relevant Digital Amount will not be paid will 
depend on how the Up Range Digital Level and the Down Range Digital Level will be set by the Issuer in the 
relevant Final Terms and on whether the value of the Underlying will be closer (in case it is represented by a 
value falling within the range) or more distant (in case it is represented by a value falling out of the range) in 
respect of the Initial Reference Value.  
Risk related to the Participation Remuneration Level  
In relation to the Certificates to be issued, the Issuer may set, at its own discretion, one or more Participation 
Remuneration Levels higher or lower than the Initial Reference Value of the relevant underlying asset. In 
particular, the higher the Participation Remuneration Level is set in respect of the Initial Reference Value (or the 
lower, in case of Short Strategy), the greater the possibility that a Participation Remuneration Event will not 
occur and therefore that the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount will not be paid.  
In relation to the Cliquet Feature, the investors should also consider that the Participation Remuneration Level 
might change in relation to one or more Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
If an Up Range Participation Remuneration Level and a Down Range Participation Remuneration Level are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the possibility that a Participation Remuneration Event will not occur and 
therefore that the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount will not be paid will depend on how the Up 
Range Participation Remuneration Level and the Down Range Participation Remuneration Level will be set by 
the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and on whether the value of the Underlying will be closer (in case it is 
represented by a value falling within the range) or more distant (in case it is represented by a value falling out of 
the range) in respect of the Initial Reference Value.  
Risk related to the Knock-out Feature 
In relation to any Remuneration Amount, a Knock-out Feature may be applicable if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. In this case, if the Knock-out Event occurs, the Remuneration Amount provided in relation to 
either such Knock-out Valuation Period and/or the valuation period(s) following such Knock-out Valuation 
Period will be deactivated and will not be paid. In relation to the Knock-out Feature, the Issuer will set, at its 
own discretion, one or more Knock-out Levels higher, equal or lower than the Initial Reference Value of the 
relevant underlying asset. In particular, the closer the Knock-out Level is set in respect of the Initial Reference 
Value, the greater the possibility that a Knock-out Event will occur and therefore that the relevant Remuneration 
Amount will not be paid.  
Risk related to the Knock-in Feature 
In relation to any Remuneration Amount, a Knock-in Feature may be applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. In this case, if the Knock-in Event does not occur, the Remuneration Amount provided will not be 
activated and therefore will not be paid. In relation to the Knock-in Feature, the Issuer will set, at its own 
discretion, one or more Knock-in Levels higher, equal or lower than the Initial Reference Value of the relevant 
underlying asset. In particular, the higher the Knock-in Level is set in respect of the Initial Reference Value (or 
the lower, in case of Short Strategy), the greater the possibility that a Knock-in Event will not occur and 
therefore that the relevant Remuneration Amount will not be paid.  
Risk related to the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Certificates will be redeemed earlier than the Exercise Date (and 
therefore terminated). In such case, the Securityholders will receive the relevant Early Redemption Amount on 
the relevant Early Payment Date and no other amounts will be paid. Investors should consider that the Early 
Redemption Amount to be paid to the Securityholder may be either an amount predetermined by the Issuer in 
the relevant Final Terms or an amount that will depend on the value of the relevant underlying asset.  
If the Early Redemption Amount is an amount predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, such 
amount will not depend on the value of the relevant underlying asset and, therefore, the potential positive 
performance (or the negative performance, in case of Short Strategy) of such underlying asset will not be 
considered. If the Early Redemption Amount is an amount that depends on the value of the relevant underlying 
asset, the investor shall consider that there is a risk of loss of the capital invested depending on the performance 
of the underlying asset. In addition, in the event that the relevant underlying asset is registering a positive 
performance when and Early Redemption Event occurs, investors should consider that it may not be possible to 
reinvest in such underlying asset at the same conditions applied to the initial investment made in the Certificates. 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, investors should also consider that there is a risk of total loss of the capital 
invested depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In particular, if an Early Redemption Event 
occurs, the Certificates will be exercised automatically and will expire worthless immediately. The 
Securityholder will not receive any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will be always equal to 0 (zero). 
Furthermore, if the value of the Underlying is calculated as Intraday Value, the Underlying will be observed on a 
continuous basis and the probability that an Early Redemption Event occurs may be magnified.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Risk related to the Early Partial Capital Payment  
The Securities may provide for the application of an Early Partial Capital Payment. In such case, the 
Securityholder will receive part of the Issue Price on the Early Partial Capital Payment Date specified in the 
Final Terms. 
The investors should therefore consider that, in relation to their investment, the Cash Settlement Amount will be 
adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount after the relevant Early Partial Capital Payment Date. Therefore, 
Early Partial Capital Payment might frustrate investment strategies pursued by the investors, by reducing their 
exposure (proportionately to the Early Partial Capital Payment Amount paid from time to time) to any potential 
gain arising out of the positive performance of the Underlying.  
Risk related to the Barrier Event and the Barrier Gap Event 
The Barrier Event or the Barrier Gap Event (in the case of Gap Certificates) indicates the achievement by one or 
more underlying assets of a value equal to, higher than or lower than the Barrier Level or below the Lower 
Barrier Level or higher than the Upper Barrier Level, or the Barrier Gap Level, respectively, on the Barrier 
Event Determination Period (or/and on a Valuation Date) or on a Barrier Gap Observation Date, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. If a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap Event occurs, the Cash Settlement Amount will be 
determined in accordance with a calculation method other than the calculation method applicable if the Barrier 
Event or the Barrier Gap Event does not occur and such circumstance may have a negative influence on the 
price. For example, if the relevant Final Terms do not provide a Protection Level or an Air Bag Factor or other 
similar features, upon occurrence of the Barrier Event, the Cash Settlement Amount will be linked only to the 
performance of the underlying asset. This may entail the risk of partial or total loss of the investment.  
The Securityholder shall consider that the occurrence of a Barrier Event or the Barrier Gap Event will also 
depend on the volatility of the underlying asset i.e. the more frequent and intense the fluctuations in the value of 
the underlying asset during the life of the Certificates are, the higher the volatility will be and the greater the 
chance that the value of the underlying asset will reach the Barrier Level or the Barrier Gap Level and therefore 
a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap Event will occur. In relation to the Certificates to be issued, the Issuer might 
set, at its own discretion, a Barrier Level or a Barrier Gap Level. 
Furthermore, if the value of the Underlying is calculated as Intraday Value, the underlying asset(s) will be 
observed on a continuous basis and the probability that a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap Event occurs may be 
magnified. 
Finally, if the applicable Final Terms provide for the payment of one or more Premium Gap Amount payable to 
the investor during the life of the Gap Certificates, the investor should consider that after the occurrence of the 
Barrier Gap Event the Premium Gap Amount will be determined on the basis of the actual number of days 
within the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period and not on the basis of all the days of the relevant 
Premium Determination Period and after the payment of the Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the first 
Premium Payment Date following the Barrier Gap Event Date on which a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, no 
further Premium Gap Amount will be paid to the investors. 
Risk related to the Predetermined Loss Percentage  
In relation to the Certificates, the Predetermined Loss Percentage option may be also included together with the 
Barrier Level. If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Cash Settlement Amount will depend on the Predetermined 
Loss Percentage. Consequently, the lower the Predetermined Loss Percentage the smaller the Cash Settlement 
Amount that the investor will receive on the Settlement Date. 
Risk related to Digital Certificates

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
The investor shall consider that, in relation to the Digital Certificates, there is a risk of total loss of the capital 
invested depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In particular, if the Settlement Event does not 
occur, the investor will not receive any Settlement Amount and will lose the entire capital invested.  
Furthermore, if a Settlement Event occurs, the Cash Settlement Amount to be paid to the Securityholder will not 
depend on the value of the Underlying, but it will be a predetermined amount dependant on a percentage of the 
Issue Price specified as "Digital Percentage" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Risk related to the Best Of Feature and Worst Of Feature 
In relation to the Best Of Feature, for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount and/or a 
Remuneration Amount and/or the determination of the Early Redemption Event, the Issuer will indicate in the 
relevant Final Terms whether it will be considered the underlying financial asset with the first best performance, 
second best performance or third best performance and so on. 
In the case of Best Of Feature, the lower the Issuer selects the performance among the financial activities (First 
Best Of, Second Best Of, etc.), the lower will be the amount that the investor will receive.  
In relation to the Worst Of Feature, for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount and/or a 
Remuneration Amount and/or the determination of the Early Redemption Event, the Issuer will indicate in the 
relevant Final Terms whether it will be considered the underlying financial asset with the first worst 
performance, second worst performance or third worst performance and so on.  
In the case of Worst Of Feature, the higher the Issuer selects the performance among the financial activities 
(First Worst Of, Second Worst Of, etc.), the lower will be the amount that the investor will receive. 
Risk related to Baskets – Risk related to the Rainbow Feature – Correlation risk 
The investor shall take into account that in the case of a Basket, the value and the return of the Certificates 
depends on the value of each Basket Constituents, the weighting allocated to each Basket Constituents and the 
correlation between the Basket Constituent. The investor shall consider that in the case of a Basket, a different 
weighting allocated to the Basket Constituents entails a higher or lower value of the Basket. In the case of a 
Rainbow Feature, unlike the financial instruments that normally are linked to one or more Basket(s), the Issuer 
will indicate in the relevant Final Terms (i) the financial assets that represent the Basket Constituents, (ii) the 
relative weighting within the Basket without a preliminary indication of the relevant allocation to a specific 
financial asset and (iii) the predetermined criteria pursuant to which the allocation among the weights will be 
made by the Calculation Agent (providing, for instance, in a Basket composed of three financial assets, the 
Basket would be weighted as follows: 50% for the Basket Constituent with the best performance; 30% for the 
Basket Constituent with the worst performance; and 20% for a Basket Constituent with the second best 
performance). For each determination period (during the life of the Certificates and at the exercise date) the 
Calculation Agent will allocate the weights to the relevant Basket Constituents on the basis of the performance 
recorded in that relevant determination period and in accordance with the objective criteria provided in the 
relevant Final Terms. The allocation of the weights might result differently on each determination date pursuant 
to the performance of each Basket Constituents. Once the Calculation Agent has determined the weighting of the 
Basket on the relevant determination date, the Calculation Agent will determine the total value of the Basket in 
accordance with the methods applied for the financial instruments normally linked to the Baskets. Therefore the 
Rainbow Feature entails that the Basket will have a variable weighting for all the life of the Certificates 
depending on the performance of the Basket Constituents and, consequently, it will affect the total value of the 
Basket. The investor shall consider that in the case of Rainbow Feature, upon variation of even only one Basket 
Constituent, the Reference Value of Basket recorded on a determination date might be completely different from 
a Reference Value recorded on a prior date. 
Furthermore, the higher the correlation between the Basket Constituents the higher the volatility of the value of 
the Basket and therefore the price of the Certificates. In particular, it will broaden on account of the bullish and 
bearish effects of the Basket Constituents on the value of such Basket.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Risk related to management fees applied by the Issuer in case of Benchmark Certificates 
The Issuer may apply to the Benchmark Certificates an Annual Management Fee ("AMF") which will be 
determined on the basis of the AMF Percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Such fee will accrue 
proportionally to the tenor of the Certificates and will not be affected in any way by the performance of the 
Underlying. The AMF will be deducted from the Cash Settlement Amount, and in case of listing of the 
Certificates on an exchange the price of the Certificates will include such AMF, as accrued progressively.  
In conjunction with the AMF, the Issuer may also apply a Variable Management Fee ("VMF"), whose VMF 
Percentage (specified as a range in the relevant Final Terms) may vary during the life of the Certificates. Any 
variation of the VMF Percentage will be published by the Issuer on its website and by appropriate 
communication to the relevant exchange where the Certificates are listed/traded.  
Prospective investors in Benchmark Certificates should consider that, if the AMF (and, eventually also the 
VMF) are applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the daily value of the Underlying will be affected by 
such fees and, consequently, at maturity, the positive (or negative) performance of the Underlying during the life 
of the Certificates shall be considered net of the AMF (and of the VMF, as the case may be).  
Risks related to Turbo Certificates 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, the return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying(s) 
and whether early redemption features apply. Additionally, the return may depend on other market factors such 
as interest rates, the implied volatility of the Underlying(s) and the time remaining until redemption. Turbo 
Certificates include a leverage feature that magnifies gains and losses. If the Underlying moves against 
expectations, Securityholders risk losing a greater proportion of their investment than if they had invested in a 
Security that is not leveraged. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their 
investment. 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, investors should also be aware that the Issuer may, at its discretion, perform the 
Reverse Split. In such case the number of Turbo Certificates will be aggregated and these Turbo Certificates will 
be converted into a smaller number of Turbo Certificates calculated by dividing the number of Pre-Conversion 
Turbo Certificates by the Reverse Split Ratio. Although Reverse Splits are intended to provide additional 
liquidity to holders and to prevent the forced liquidation (and therefore complete exit) of a Turbo Certificate, 
Securityholders of Turbo Certificates should be aware that if such conversion entitles the Securityholder to a 
fraction of a Turbo Certificate, such fraction will be settled in cash. 
Risk related to the Restrike Feature 
In relation to the Restrike Feature, if a Restrike Event has occurred, the Initial Reference Value will be 
recalculated and set at the Restrike Percentage. Therefore, the amounts that the investor may receive, in case of 
Restrike Feature and upon occurrence of the Restrike Event, depend on the Restrike Percentage defined in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Risk related to the Call Option 
Prospective investors should consider that if the Certificates will be exercised upon the Exercise of the Call 
Option by the Issuer. Therefore, the exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer might frustrate long term 
investment strategies pursued by the investors.  
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the exercise of the 
Call Option by the Issuer may be subject to particular restrictions prescribed by the applicable laws and 
regulations at the relevant time, as described in Risk Factor “Early redemption and repurchase of the 
Certificates which qualify as MREL eligible liabilities may be restricted” below. 
Risk related to the early exercise of the Certificates following a MREL Disqualification Event

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
If the Securities qualified as MREL eligible liabilities at the time of the issuance and subsequently become 
ineligible due to a change in MREL Requirements, then a MREL Disqualification Event will occur.  
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of such Certificates, the 
Issuer in its discretion may redeem all, but not some only, of the Certificates of such Series.  
If the Issuer should redeem such Certificates, the Securityholders will receive an amount which shall be equal to 
the fair market value of the Certificates (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities). Such Certificates 
may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to 
such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the relevant time. See "Early 
redemption and purchase of the Certificates which qualify as MREL eligible liabilities may be restricted" below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a 
change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the 
Certificates initially qualified as MREL eligible liabilities, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of such Certificates are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements. 
In such case the Securityholders may be exposed to the risk that, due to the early redemption, their investment 
may have a lower than expected potential return and that it may not be possible to reinvest the amount received 
at the same conditions applied to the initial investment made in the Certificates. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Certificates which qualify as MREL eligible liabilities may be 
restricted 
Any early redemption or repurchase of Certificates intended to qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
Requirements, is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or 
repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the relevant time, including any requirements 
applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Securities at such time as eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
The new regulatory framework, set out in Articles 77 and 78a of CRR II, provides that the relevant resolution 
authority shall grant permission to call, redeem, repay or repurchase liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements (eligible liabilities instruments), prior their contractual maturity.  
In particular, according to such provisions the relevant resolution authority would approve an early redemption 
of the eligible liabilities in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR where one of the following conditions is 
met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
eligible liabilities with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that its own funds and eligible 
liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the applicable MREL Requirements by a margin that 
the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the own funds requirements laid down in the applicable MREL Requirements actions for 
continuing authorization,

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
applicable laws and regulations, as adopted by the Republic of Italy. 
The BRRD II, the SRMR II and CRR II have been recently adopted and there are still some provisions related to 
Article 78a CRR II that need to be specified in Regulatory Technical Standards ("RTS") to be adopted by the 
European Banking Authority ("EBA"). The RTS require the EBA to develop the procedure — in terms of 
coordination between competent and resolution authorities, timelines and information — for relevant resolution 
authorities to follow to provide prior permission to banks to replace or reduce eligible liabilities instruments. 
Such new regulatory framework recently adopted leaves uncertainty as to its interpretation in the relevant 
Member States. 
Risks related to Certificates qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL 
Requirements which may be subject to modification without the Securityholders’ consent  
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Certificates 
qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements and/or (ii) in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power), then the 
Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
competent authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Securities of that Series), at any time vary the terms of such Securities so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Certificates (as defined below), provided that such variation does 
not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Certificates are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Securityholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Securities 
qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements. However, no assurance can 
be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Securityholders. In addition, the 
tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied securities could be different for some categories of 
Securityholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the securities prior to such 
variation. 
Risk related to the Accumulated Amount's payment contingent upon occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Event 
If an Early Redemption Level is applicable under the relevant Final Terms, and if so specified in such Final 
Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of an Early Redemption Event. As a result, 
even if one or more Accumulating Events have occurred, the Securityholders will not receive any Accumulated 
Amount unless an Early Redemption Event has occurred.  
Risks associated with Certificates with Open End Feature  
Certificates with Open End Feature do not have a pre-determined Excercise Date and may be redeemed upon 
exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer or the exercise of the Put Option by the investors, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Investment in Certificates with Open End Feature will entail additional risks compared 
with other Certificates, due to the fact that they do not have a prescribed tenor and Securityholders may receive a 
lower return than expected and depending on when the Certificates with Open End Feature are redeemed.   
Risk related to the Strike Percentage  
If the Cash Settlement Amount is calculated also on the basis of the Strike Percentage, which is a value 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms that may be lower than, equal to or higher than 100%, 
such Strike Percentage contributes to the determination of the potential return of the Certificates. If it is higher 
than 100%, the positive performance of the Underlying will be considered partially in order to calculate the Cash

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Settlement Amount. Furthermore, in case of negative performance of the Underlying, if the Strike Percentage is 
equal to or higher than 100% the Cash Settlement Amount will be equal to zero. 
Impact of running structuring fees on the value of the Securities 
Investors should also note that running structuring fees may be applied by the Issuer in respect of the value of 
the Securities. 
Such running structuring fees will not be affected in any way by the performance of the relevant Underlying. 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the running structuring fee (and, in the case, how such 
structuring fee will be charged). Prospective investors should consider that, if the running structuring fees are 
applicable, the value of the Securities will be affected by such fees also on the secondary markets.  
Impact of running commissions and costs on the value of the Securities 
Investors should be aware that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, there may be running 
commissions/costs, fixed or variable. In this case, the applicable Final Terms will specify any applicable details 
of such commissions/costs and to whom they will be due, if applicable. 
Prospective investors should consider that, if the running commissions/costs are applicable, the value of the 
Securities will be affected by such commissions/costs also on the secondary markets.  
Securities issued as "Green Certificates", "Social Certificates", "Sustainability Certificates" or "Climate 
Certificates" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social 
assets or sustainable assets  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Certificates under the Programme described as 
"green" ("Green Certificates"), "climate" ("Climate Certificates"), "social" ("Social Certificates"), 
"sustainability" ("Sustainability Certificates") in accordance with the principles set out by the International 
Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond 
Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")), or in accordance with the Climate Bonds 
Standard set out by the Climate Bonds Initiative.  
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the Offer, 
estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Certificates together with any other 
investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their 
own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Manager that the use of such 
proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or sustainable project, as the case may be, will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a 
"social" or a "sustainable" project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") has been 
recently enacted. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social or sustainable 
project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Certificates are to be applied will meet the investor 
expectations regarding such "green" or "social" or "sustainable" performance objectives (including those set out 
under the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any green or social or sustainable project.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, 
Social Certificates and Sustainability Certificates, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or 
sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or low 
carbon and/or social and/or sustainable project, as the case may be, have been defined in accordance with the 
broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the 
SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Certificates as an investment in connection 
with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party 
Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, 
market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Certificates or 
the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of 
Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates. A Second-party 
Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Certificates or Climate 
Certificates or Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates and would only be current as of the date it is 
released. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Certificates, Climate 
Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates and/or may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Certificates, Green 
Certificates, Climate Certificates or Sustainability Certificates in, or substantially in, the manner described in the 
applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects, as 
the case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Certificates, Climate 
Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates will be totally or partially disbursed for such 
projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) give rise to any claim of a 
Securityholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an event of default under the relevant Certificates; (iii) lead to an 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Certificates or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether 
or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Certificates; or (iv) affect the qualification of 
such Certificates as eligible liabilities instruments (if applicable).  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates for any green, social or 
sustainable projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Certificates and/or result 
in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose. Any failure by the Issuer to comply with their reporting obligations in relation to Green 
Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates, as applicable, will not 
constitute an event of default under the relevant Certificates.  
2.4. Specific risks related to Warrants 
Loss risk in relation to the Covered Warrants 
An investment in Covered Warrants entails the risk of loss of the capital invested.  
In relation to Call Covered Warrants, in case of negative performance of the Underlying, if the Final Reference 
Value is lower than the Exercise Price, the investor will bear a total loss of the capital invested. Furthermore, if 
the Final Reference Value is higher than the Exercise Price, but not enough to offset the price paid for the 
purchase of the Covered Warrants, the investor will bear a partial loss of the capital invested. 
In relation to Put Covered Warrants, in case of positive performance of the Underlying, if the Final Reference 
Value is higher than the Exercise Price, the investor will bear a total loss of the capital invested. Furthermore, if 
the Final Reference Value is lower than the Exercise Price, but not enough to offset the price paid for the 
purchase of the Covered Warrants, the investor will bear a partial loss of the capital invested.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Risk related to the Exercise Price  
The Cash Settlement Amount of the Covered Warrants will be calculated also on the basis of the Exercise Price, 
which is a value either predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms or communicated to investors on 
the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms through the relevant notice. Such Exercise Price contributes to 
the determination of the potential return of the Covered Warrants.  
Risk related to the Strike Percentage 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated on the basis of the Strike Percentage, which is a value 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms that may be lower than, equal to or higher than 100%. 
Such Strike Percentage contributes to the determination of the potential return of the Warrants.  
In particular, in relation to Call Warrants, if it is higher than 100%, the positive performance of the Underlying 
will be considered partially in order to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount. Furthermore, in case of negative 
performance of the Underlying, if the Strike Percentage is equal to or higher than 100% the Cash Settlement 
Amount will be equal to zero. 
In relation to Put Warrants, if it is lower than 100%, the negative performance of the Underlying will be 
considered partially in order to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount. Furthermore, in case of positive 
performance of the Underlying, if the Strike Percentage is lower than 100% the Cash Settlement Amount will be 
equal to zero. 
Risk related to the Interest Rate Warrants 
Prospective investors should consider that the payment of the Floating Amount and the Cash Settlement Amount 
will depend, among other things, on the Interest Cap. In particular, such rate will be detracted from the 
Reference Rate, reducing therefore the potential amount of the Floating Amount and/or the Cash Settlement 
Amount, as the case may be.  
The Floating Amount will also depend on the Notional Amount specified for the relevant Floating Amount 
Determination Period. In particular, the Notional Amount may vary on each Floating Amount Determination 
Period and the Floating Amount received at a later Floating Amount Payment Date may differ considerably from 
the Floating Amount received on the First Floating Amount Payment Date. Furthermore, for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount, also the Final Notional Amount is different from the Notional 
Amount considered for the purposes of the calculation of the Floating Amounts. 
Risk related to the Barrier Event (in case of Corridor Warrants) 
The Barrier Event indicates the achievement by one or more underlying assets of a value below the Lower 
Barrier Level or higher than the Upper Barrier Level, on the Barrier Event Determination Period. If a Barrier 
Event occurs, the term of the Securities will end immediately and the investors will only receive Corridor Early 
Amount which can equal to zero. This may entail the risk of partial or total loss of the investment.  
The Securityholder shall consider that the occurrence of a Barrier Event will also depend on the volatility of the 
underlying asset i.e. the more frequent and intense the fluctuations in the value of the underlying asset during the 
life of the Warrants are, the higher the volatility will be and the greater the chance that the value of the 
underlying asset will be below the Lower Barrier Level or higher than the Upper Barrier Level and therefore a 
Barrier Event will occur. In relation to the Warrants to be issued, the Issuer might set, at its own discretion, the 
Lower Barrier Level and the Upper Barrier Level. 
The Barrier Event could occur on any day within the Barrier Valuation Period, starting from the Determination 
Date (included) to the Valuation Date (included). Furthermore, if the value of the Underlying is calculated as

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Intraday Value, the underlying asset(s) will be observed on a continuous basis and the probability that a Barrier 
Event occurs may be magnified. 
Time lag after exercise 
In the case of any exercise of Warrants, there will be a time lag between the time a Warrant holder gives 
instructions to exercise, or the time the Warrant is automatically exercised, and the time the applicable Cash 
Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) relating to such exercise is determined. Any such 
delay between the time of exercise and the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount will be specified in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities. However, such delay could be significantly longer, particularly in the 
case of a delay in exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation (in the case of 
American Style Warrants), the occurrence of a market disruption event or failure to open of an exchange or 
related exchange (if applicable) or following the imposition of any exchange controls or other similar regulations 
affecting the ability to obtain or exchange any relevant currency (or basket of currencies) in the case of Currency 
Warrants. The applicable Cash Settlement Amount may change significantly during any such period, and such 
movement or movements could decrease the Cash Settlement Amount of the Warrants being exercised and may 
result in such Cash Settlement Amount being zero. 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
If so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, a Warrantholder must tender or hold a specified number of 
Warrants at any one time in order to exercise. Thus, Warrantholders with fewer than the specified minimum 
number of Warrants will either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, incurring transaction 
costs in each case, in order to realise their investment. Furthermore, holders of such Warrants incur the risk that 
there may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants and the Cash Settlement Amount (in the 
case of Cash Settled Warrants) or the Entitlement (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants) of such Warrants. 
Limitations on exercise 
In the case of American Style Warrants, if so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have the 
option to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable on any date (other than the final exercise 
date) to the maximum number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in conjunction with such limitation, 
to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable by any person or group of persons (whether or not 
acting in concert) on such date. In the event that the total number of American Style Warrants being exercised 
on any date (other than the final exercise date) exceeds such maximum number and the Issuer elects to limit the 
number of American Style Warrants exercisable on such date, a Warrant holder may not be able to exercise on 
such date all American Style Warrants that such holder desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of 
American Style Warrants to be exercised on such date will be reduced until the total number of American Style 
Warrants exercised on such date no longer exceeds such maximum, such American Style Warrants being 
selected at the discretion of the Issuer or in any other manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the American Style Warrants tendered for exercise but not 
exercised on such date will be automatically exercised on the next date on which American Style Warrants may 
be exercised, subject to the same daily maximum limitation and delayed exercise provisions. 
2.5. Risks related to Securities generally 
Option to vary Settlement 
The Issuer may have an option to vary settlement in respect of the Securities, at its sole and unfettered discretion 
and may elect (1) not to pay the relevant Securityholders the Cash Settlement Amount, but to deliver or procure 
delivery of the Entitlement or (2) not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement, but to make payment of 
the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date to the relevant Securityholders. 
Modification

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders including 
Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Securityholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of 
Securityholders, agree to (i) any modification (subject to certain specific exceptions) of the Securities or the 
Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders or (ii) any modification of the 
Securities or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Settlement Disruption Event 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the Settlement 
Date, settlement will be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day on which no Settlement Disruption 
Event occurs. The Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount (as 
defined in the Conditions) in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. Such a determination may have an adverse effect 
on the value of the relevant Securities. 
Expenses and taxation 
A holder of Securities must pay all Expenses relating to such Securities. As used in the Conditions, Expenses 
means all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise 
charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties 
arising from the exercise and settlement of such Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities as more fully 
set out in Condition 10. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which 
may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Security by any person and all 
payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which 
may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding  
The Issuer and other financial institutions through which payments on the Securities are made may be required 
to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all, or a portion of, "foreign passthru payments" (a term not yet 
defined) made two years after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term 
“foreign passthru payment”, or later. This withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of (i) any 
Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued after the "grandfathering date" which (A) with respect to Securities that 
give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. 
Treasury Regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) 
with respect to Securities that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code as 
discussed below (and therefore do not give rise to foreign passthru payments), is the date that is six months after 
the date on which obligations of their type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents, or in either case 
are issued on or before the grandfathering date and are materially modified thereafter, and (ii) any Securities 
characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever issued. If 
Securities are issued on or before the grandfathering date, and additional Securities of the same series are issued 
after that date, the additional Securities may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have negative 
consequences for the existing Securities, including a negative impact on market price. 
While the Securities are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is not expected that FATCA will 
affect the amount of any payment received by the clearing systems. However, FATCA may affect payments 
made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. FATCA 
also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution not entitled to receive payments 
free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or 
intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that 
may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose their 
custodians and intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements 
related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other 
documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer’s obligations under the Securities are discharged once it has paid the common 
depositary for the clearing systems (as bearer or registered holder of the Securities) and the Issuer has therefore 
no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the hands of the clearing systems and custodians 
or intermediaries. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Securities may go into 
definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing systems. If this were to happen, then a 
non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA withholding. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from payments on the 
Securities, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the conditions of the 
Securities, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. As a 
result, investors may receive a lesser amount than expected. Holders of Securities should consult their own tax 
advisers for a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may apply to payments they receive under 
the Securities. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Securities, and investors in the Securities is 
uncertain at this time. The application of FATCA to "foreign passthru payments" on the Securities or to 
Securities issued or materially modified after the grandfathering date may be addressed in the relevant Final 
Terms or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, as applicable.  
On 10 January 2014, representatives of the Governments of Italy and the United States signed an 
intergovernmental agreement to implement FATCA in Italy (the "IGA"), which entered into force on 1st July 
2014. The IGA ratification law entered into force on 8 July 2015. Under these rules, the Issuer, as a reporting 
financial institution, will be required to collect and report certain information in respect of its account holders 
and investors to the Italian tax authorities, which would automatically exchange such information periodically 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Payments 
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the Code imposing a withholding tax on certain “dividend 
equivalents” under certain “equity linked instruments” exclude from their scope instruments issued before 
calendar year 2021 that do not have a “delta of one” with respect to underlying securities that could pay U.S.-
source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes (each an “Underlying Security”). Subject to this pre-2021 
exemption, Section 871(m) of the Code will apply to a financial instrument (a "Specified Security") if it meets 
either (i) a "delta" test, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" 
contract. Section 871(m) of the Code provides certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for 
instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury 
regulations, as well as instruments that track such indices. If the terms of a financial instrument issued before 
calendar year 2021 (that is exempt from withholding under Section 871(m) of the Code) are "significantly 
modified" sometime after calendar year 2020 such that the financial instrument is treated as retired and reissued 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it will lose this exemption. Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents 
will generally be required when cash payments are made on a Specified Security or upon the date of maturity, 
lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the Specified Security. If U.S. Underlying Equities are 
expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally will still be required 
even if the Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. If the Issuer or any 
other relevant withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
Section 871(m) of the Code is complex and its application may depend on your particular circumstances, 
including whether you enter into other transactions with respect to an Underlying Security. You should consult 
your tax advisor regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) of the Code to the Securities. 
Other taxation considerations 
It is not possible to predict whether the taxation regime applicable to Securities on the date of purchase or 
subscription will be amended during the term of the Securities. If such amendments are made, the taxation 
regime applicable to the Securities may differ substantially from the taxation regime in existence on the date of 
purchase or subscription of the Securities. 
Illegality and cancellation 
If the Issuer determines that its performance under any Securities has, or that any arrangements made to hedge 
the Issuer's obligations under any Securities have, become (i) illegal in whole or in part for any reason, or (ii) by 
reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, flood, severe weather conditions, or a labour dispute 
or shortage) or an act of state, impossible or impracticable, the Issuer may cancel such Securities. The Issuer 
may also cancel the Securities upon the occurrence of certain adjustment events as set out in Condition 15 
(Terms of the Securities). If the Issuer cancels the Securities, then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by such holder, equal 
to the fair market value the Securities (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities), notwithstanding such 
illegality, force majeure event or act of state, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such 
hedging arrangements), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (such cost 
shall not be applicable in case of Italian Traded Securities). Payment will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
Hedging disruption 
In respect of the Securities linked to one or more Underlying(s), the Issuer or one of its affiliates may be unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk (or any other 
relevant price risk including, but not limited to, the currency risk) of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities; or (b) freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of 
hedge positions as the case may be between accounts within the jurisdiction of the hedge position (the "Affected 
Jurisdiction") or from accounts within the Affected Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction. 
In connection with such hedging activities, the Issuer and/or its affiliates may enter into transactions which may 
affect the liquidity or value of the Securities and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
relevant Securityholders. 
If an Hedging Disruption occurs, the Calculation Agent may consider such event as an Early Redemption Event 
and the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid an amount on 
the basis of the fair market value of the Securities (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities). 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Potential conflicts of interest

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) related 
to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Securities and other instruments or derivative products 
based on or related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Security for their proprietary accounts 
or for other accounts under their management. The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also issue other 
derivative instruments in respect of the asset or other basis of reference underlying Securities. The Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates may also act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of shares or other securities 
related to an issue of Securities or may act as financial adviser to certain companies or companies whose shares 
are included in a basket of shares or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies. Such activities could 
present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other securities and could 
adversely affect the value of such Securities. 
Under the Conditions of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations in respect of the 
Securities which could affect the amount payable by the Issuer on the Securities. In exercising its right to make 
such determinations the Calculation Agent is entitled to act in its sole and absolute discretion. Where the Issuer 
acts as Calculation Agent, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the 
Securityholders, including with respect to those determinations that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to 
the Securities that may influence the Combined Amount payable on the Settlement Date. 
Any further conflict of interest, including conflicts between the Issuer and any Managers or Distributors will be 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery requirements and settlement risk 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Physical Delivery 
Security, the holder of such Security must (1) deliver or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed in 
writing) to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be), with a copy to the Issuer and the 
Principal Security Agent (a) a duly completed Exercise Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Expiration 
Date (in the case of a Physical Delivery Warrant) or (b) a duly completed Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Exercise Date (in the case of a Physical Delivery Certificate) and 
(2) pay the relevant Premium (in the case of a Warrant) and Expenses (in the case of a Warrant or a Certificate), 
together with any other amounts payable. Failure to do so will result (i) in the case of a Warrant where 
Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Warrant's becoming void or (ii) 
in the case of a Warrant where Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (iii) in the case 
of a Certificate, the Securityholder receiving the Assessed Value Payment Amount instead of the Entitlement. 
The Assessed Value Payment Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the fair 
market value of the assets comprised in the Entitlement. See Condition 19 for Warrants and Condition 23 for 
Certificates. 
Following the exercise of Physical Delivery Warrants or in connection with the exercise of Physical Delivery 
Certificates, unless otherwise indicated in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may determine that a 
Settlement Disruption Event or, if applicable, a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is subsisting. Any such 
determination may affect the value of the Securities and/or may delay settlement and/or lead to cash settlement 
rather than physical settlement in respect of the Securities. 
If so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Securities. If exercised by the Issuer, this option will lead to Physical Delivery Securities being cash settled or 
Cash Settled Securities being physically settled. Exercise of such option may affect the value of the Securities. 
European financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the Commission

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Proposal), for a financial transaction tax (FTT) to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain1, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia 
has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission's Proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax 
primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include the Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" 
(which would include the conclusion or modification of derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of 
financial instruments).  
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Certificates 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the relevant Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is adopted 
based on the Commission's Proposal. Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a derivative contract 
in the context of the relevant Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of securities (such as charged 
assets) or the exercise/settlement of a warrant. The relevant Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on 
any such tax liabilities to holders of the Securities and therefore this may result in investors receiving less than 
expected in respect of the Securities. It should also be noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant 
transactions by investors in respect of the Securities (including secondary market transactions) if conditions for a 
charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is 
however some uncertainty in relation to the intended scope of this exemption for certain money market 
instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States 
may decide to participate. Prospective Securityholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union 
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom (the "UK") held a referendum on the UK’s membership of the EU. The 
result of the referendum’s vote was to leave the EU and the UK Government invoked article 50 of the Lisbon 
Treaty. On 24 January 2020, it was announced that the government of the UK and the EU had executed and 
entered into to a withdrawal agreement (the “Withdrawal Agreement”). On 29 January 2020, the European 
Parliament voted to consent to the Withdrawal Agreement, and on 30 January 2020, the European Council (the 
"EU Council") adopted, by written procedure, the decision on the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement on 
behalf of the EU. On 31 January 2020, upon the United Kingdom’s exit from the EU, the Withdrawal 
Agreement entered into force. A transition period begins following the date of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal 
until 31 December 2020 (the “Transition Period”). During the Transition Period, the UK was bound by EU 
rules despite not being its member state and remained in the single market area, while the future terms of the 
UK's relationship with the EU were being negotiated. 
On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK reached an agreement on the Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the 
"Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), which sets out the principles of the relationship between the EU and 
the UK following the end of the Transition Period. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was signed on 30 
December 2020. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement has provisional application until the EU and UK 
 
1 On 18 February 2020 the Spanish Government approved the referral to the Spanish Congress of the Bill creating the 
Financial Transaction Tax.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
complete their ratification procedures. On 29 April 2021, the EU Council ratified the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-
border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement, the application of the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement by the EU and the UK and the implementation by the UK of retained EU law, there remain 
significant uncertainties with regard to the political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU. 
There are a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK and its relationship with the 
European Union and the negotiation of the UK's exit terms and related matters may take several years. Given 
this uncertainty and the range of possible outcomes, it is not currently possible to determine the impact that the 
referendum, the UK's departure from the European Union and/or any related matters may have on general 
economic conditions in the UK and the European Union. It is also not possible to determine the impact that these 
matters will have on the Issuer or any other party to the transaction documents, or on the regulatory position of 
any such entity or of the transactions contemplated by the transaction documents under EU regulation or more 
generally. 
Legal risks  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
Each prospective purchaser of Securities must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Securities (i) is 
fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Securities in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary's) financial 
needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and 
restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Securities as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a 
fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it is acquiring the Securities in a fiduciary capacity, for the 
beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Securities. 
Potential investors should consult with their own tax, legal, accounting and/or financial advisers before 
considering investing in the Securities. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Securities are legal investments for it, (2) Securities can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Securities. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No reliance 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Managers, if any, or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Securities or as to the other matters 
referred to above. None of the Issuer, the Managers, if any, or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Securities by a prospective purchaser of the Securities, 
whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
2.6. Risks related to the offer to the public and/or admission of the Securities to trading on a 
regulated market  
Impact of implicit fees on the Issue Price / Offer Price  
Investors should note that implicit fees (e.g. placement commissions/distribution commissions, structuring fees) 
may be a component of the Issue Price / Offer Price of the Securities, but such fees will not be taken into

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
account for the purposes of determining the price of the relevant Securities in the secondary market. 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the type and amount of any implicit fees which are applicable 
from time to time. 
Investors should also take into consideration that if Securities are sold on the secondary market immediately 
following the offer period relating to such Securities, the implicit fees included in the Issue Price /Offer Price on 
initial subscription for such Securities will be deducted from the price at which such Securities may be sold in 
the secondary market. 
Certain considerations associated with public offers of Securities 
If Securities are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to withdraw the 
offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
In such case, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Securities will be 
entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but (in the case of Certificates) will not receive any remuneration 
that may have accrued in the period between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the 
reimbursement of the Securities. 
Possible illiquidity of the Securities in the secondary market 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Securities will trade in the secondary market or whether such 
market will be liquid or illiquid. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or admit to trading Securities on a 
stock exchange or market. If the Securities are not listed or admitted to trading on any exchange or market, 
pricing information for the Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the Securities may be 
adversely affected. If the Issuer does list or admit to trading an issue of Securities, there can be no assurance that 
at a later date, the Securities will not be delisted or that trading on such exchange or market will not be 
suspended. In the event of a delisting or suspension of listing or trading on a stock exchange or market, the 
Issuer will use its reasonable efforts to list or admit to trading the Securities on another exchange or market. 
Also, (in the case of Warrants) to the extent Warrants of a particular issue are exercised, the number of Warrants 
of such issue outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity for the remaining Warrants of such 
issue. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Warrants may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility 
associated with the price of such issue of Warrants. 
The Issuer, or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any price in the 
open market or by tender or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for 
cancellation. The Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a market-maker for an issue of 
Securities. Even if the Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an issue of Securities, the secondary 
market for such Securities may be limited. To the extent that an issue of Securities becomes illiquid, an investor 
may have to exercise such Securities (in the case of American Style Warrants) or wait until the Exercise Date (in 
the case of European Style Warrants and Certificates) to realise value. 
Finally, investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with respect to 
the Securities in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of the Securities in the 
secondary market. 
Listing of Securities 
In respect of Securities which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a stock 
exchange, market or quotation system, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to maintain such listing, 
provided that if it becomes impracticable or unduly burdensome or unduly onerous to maintain such listing, then

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
the Issuer may apply to de-list the relevant Securities, although in this case it will use all reasonable endeavours 
to obtain and maintain (as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant de-listing) an alternative admission to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by a stock exchange, market or quotation system within or outside the European 
Union, as it may decide. 
If such an alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, impracticable or unduly 
burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has previously been published and filed with the CSSF is incorporated by 
reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2019 Annual Report, 
available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2019/20200430_BILANCI_2019_Def_uk.pdf  
(ii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2020, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2020 Annual Report, 
available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20210428_Bilanci_2020_DEF_uk.pdf  
(iii) 
the press release dated 5 May 2021 and entitled “Intesa Sanpaolo: Consolidated Results as at 31 
March 2021” (the "5 May 2021 Press Release"), to the extent of those pages specified in the cross-
reference list further below. The Press Release is available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/comunicati-stampa-en/2021/05/20210505_1Q21Ris_uk.pdf   
(iv) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" contained in the Base Prospectus dated 12 June 
2020 (the "2020 Base Prospectus") from page 53 to and including page 206 (available at the 
following website 
https://www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com/EN/Download/Asset?id=9d9d88ff-555d-408a-
8a26-a00e0ad4a756) 
(v) 
the section "Form of Final Terms" contained in the 2020 Base Prospectus, from and including page 
262 to and including page 293 (available at the following website 
https://www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com/EN/Download/Asset?id=9d9d88ff-555d-408a-
8a26-a00e0ad4a756). 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu) and at the following website: www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com.  
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not 
included in the cross-reference list in this Base Prospectus is not incorporated by reference and is either not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer declares that the English translation of each of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is an accurate and not misleading translation in all material 
respect of the Italian language version of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial statements. Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A. takes responsibility for the accuracy of such translations. 
Cross-reference list 
The following table shows where the information required under article 19(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 can 
be found in the above-mentioned documents. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2019 Annual Report 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .............................................................................................. 
172-173 
Consolidated income statement ....................................................................................... 
174

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .......................................................... 
175 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity.................................................................. 
176-177 
Consolidated statement of cash flows .............................................................................. 
178 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ................................................................ 
179-534 
– Part A – Accounting policies ........................................................................................ 
181-257 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet .............................................. 
258-343 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement ........................................ 
344-367 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income ............................................................. 
368 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies ........................................ 
369-504 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital .............................................................. 
505-509 
– Part G – Business combinations ................................................................................... 
510-515 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties ............ 
516-522 
– Part I – Share-based payments ..................................................................................... 
523-526 
– Part L – Segment reporting .......................................................................................... 
527-529 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ....................................................................................... 
530-534 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 .......................................................................................... 
535 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements ......................... 
537-545 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements ................................................... 
547-572 
 
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2020 Annual Report 
 
Page  
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .............................................................................................. 
198-199 
Consolidated income statement ....................................................................................... 
200 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .......................................................... 
201 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity.................................................................. 
202-203 
Consolidated statement of cash flows .............................................................................. 
204 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ................................................................ 
205-585 
– Part A – Accounting policies ........................................................................................ 
207-282 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet .............................................. 
283-375 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement ........................................ 
376-399 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income ............................................................. 
400 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies ........................................ 
401-543 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital .............................................................. 
544-547 
– Part G – Business combinations ................................................................................... 
548-567 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties ............ 
568-573 
– Part I – Share-based payments ..................................................................................... 
574-577 
– Part L – Segment reporting .......................................................................................... 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ....................................................................................... 
578-580 
581-585 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of Legislative 
Decree 58/1998 ............................................................................................................. 
586 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements ......................... 
587-598 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements ................................................... 
599-626 
 
5 May 2021 Press Release  
 
Page 
number(s) 
 
 
Reclassified consolidated statement of income .................................................................. 
25 
Reclassified consolidated statement of income – Redetermined figures ............................ 
26 
Quarterly development of the reclassified consolidated statement of 
income ................................................................................................................................ 
 
27 
Quarterly development of the reclassified consolidated statement of 
income - Redetermined figures ........................................................................................... 
 
28

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
Reclassified consolidated balance sheet ............................................................................. 
29 
Quarterly development of the reclassified consolidated balance sheet ............................... 
30 
Breakdown of financial highlights by business area ........................................................... 
31 
OFFERS/ADMISSIONS TO TRADING/ISSUANCES EXTENDING BEYOND THE VALIDITY OF 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
1) 
MAX LONG CERTIFICATES on SOLACTIVE CLOUD COMPUTING 14% RISK CONTROL 5% 
DECREMENT NET (EUR) Index due 14.06.2028 (ISIN Code XS2338414555); 
2) 
STANDARD LONG BARRIER PROTECTED DIGITAL CERTIFICATES WITH MEMORY 
EFFECT on EURO STOXX® Select Dividend 30 Index due 16.06.2028 (ISIN Code IT0005445397); 
3) 
MAX LONG CAP CERTIFICATES on EURO iSTOXX® 50 Electric Vehicles Tilted NR Decrement 
5% (EUR – PRICE) Index due 16.06.2028 (ISIN Code IT0005445371); 
4) 
SWITCH BARRIER DIGITAL CERTIFICATES WITH CONSOLIDATION EFFECT on BMW AG 
Share due 16.06.2025 (ISIN Code IT0005445389); 
5) 
STANDARD LONG BARRIER DIGITAL PLUS CERTIFICATES on Total SE Share due 16.06.2025 
(ISIN Code IT0005445405); 
6) 
STANDARD LONG BARRIER CERTIFICATES on EURO STOXX 50® Index due 16.06.2025 (ISIN 
Code IT0005445413).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) of the Securities which will apply to 
each issue of Securities and, except in the case of Italian Dematerialised Securities, be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Security. The terms of the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") applicable to the 
respective issue of Securities complete and specify the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. The completed 
and specified Final Terms together with the Terms and Conditions of the Securities represent the conditions 
applicable to the relevant issue of Securities  
Securities other than Italian Dematerialised Securities are issued by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Issuer) pursuant 
to an Agency Agreement dated on or about 27 May 2021 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer and Société Générale Luxembourg as principal 
security agent (the Principal Security Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal security 
agent and, together with any additional security agents appointed pursuant to Clause 17 of the Agency 
Agreement, the Security Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor security agents) 
and Société Générale Luxembourg as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor 
registrar). 
The Issuer shall undertake the duties of calculation agent (in this capacity, the Calculation Agent) in respect of 
the Securities (including Italian Dematerialised Securities) unless another entity is so specified as the calculation 
agent in the applicable Final Terms. The expression Calculation Agent shall, in relation to the relevant 
Securities, include such other specified Calculation Agent. 
The Securities (including Italian Dematerialised Securities) will be either warrants (Warrants) or certificates 
(Certificates), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and references in these Conditions to Security and 
Securities will be construed accordingly. Conditions 19, 20 and 21 apply only to Warrants and Conditions 22 
and 23 apply only to Certificates. Other Conditions apply to Warrants and/or Certificates, as applicable. 
References herein to the applicable Final Terms or relevant Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms or 
each Final Terms (in the case of any further securities issued pursuant to Condition 11 and forming a single 
series with the Securities) (which for the avoidance of doubt may be issued in respect of more than one series of 
Securities).  
In respect of Securities other than Italian Dematerialised Securities, the applicable Final Terms is attached to the 
Global Security or Registered Global Security or any Securities in definitive form.  
Bearer Securities 
Each series of Securities that are not Registered Securities (as defined below in these Terms and Conditions of 
Securities) (Bearer Securities) will on issue be constituted by either (a) in the case of Bearer Securities with a 
maturity of more than one year, a temporary global security in bearer form (Temporary Global Security) or (b) 
in the case of Securities with a maturity of one year or less, a permanent global security in bearer form 
(Permanent Global Security and together with the Temporary Global Security, Global Securities and each a 
Global Security) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms which, in either case, will be deposited with a 
depositary (Common Depositary) common to Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg).  
On or after the 40th day following the Issue Date of the Temporary Global Securities (the Exchange Date) the 
Temporary Global Security will be exchangeable (a) for a Permanent Global Security or (b) for bearer securities 
in definitive form (Definitive Securities, and the expression Definitive Certificates shall be construed 
accordingly), as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and in each case only to the extent that certification (in a 
form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Security are not United 
States persons or persons who have purchased for resale directly or indirectly to any United States person or to a

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
person within the United States or its possessions, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received 
by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the Principal Security Agent. A Permanent 
Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Securities only 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) and have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (ii) as a 
result of a change in law, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered were the Securities represented by the Securities in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  
Bearer Securities will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
With respect to any Bearer Security, payments of principal and interest in all cases will be made only outside the 
United States and its possessions, and if a payment of interest is made before the Exchange Date, only to the 
extent that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, as described above, has been received. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Securities with a maturity of more than one year: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Securities 
Any Securities that are “registration-required obligations” under the Code and US Treasury Regulations will be 
issued in “registered form” for US federal income tax purposes (Registered Securities). Registered Securities 
will be represented by definitive registered certificates registered in the names of the beneficial owners thereof 
(Registered Certificates or Registered Securities) and/or a registered certificate in global form (a Global 
Registered Certificate) which will be registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in any clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Securities will be exchangeable for definitive Registered Securities only if and to the extent so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Definitive Registered Securities will not be exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities or an interest therein. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities 
Italian Dematerialised Securities will be issued in bearer (al portatore), uncertificated and dematerialised form 
evidenced at any time through book-entries into Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with registered office and principal place 
of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, or any successor clearing system thereto) (Monte Titoli) 
pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as amended and implemented and subsequent implementing 
provisions and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation dated 13 August 2018 ("Italian 
Dematerialised Securities"). Italian Dematerialised Securities will not be issued in definitive form. However, 
the holder still has the right to obtain the release of the certificate pursuant to articles 83-quinquies and 83-
novies, paragraph 1, letter b), of the Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by 
subsequent implementing provisions. While the Italian Dematerialised Securities are represented by book 
entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorized 
financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the 
procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
General 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of the Final Terms) and the applicable Final Terms 
are obtainable at the specified office of the Principal Security Agent, and in the case of Registered Securities, the 
Registrar, save that if the Securities are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Securityholder holding one or more Securities (as detailed below) and such Securityholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the relevant Security Agent as to its holding of such Securities and identity. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
The Securityholders (as defined in Condition 1(B) (Title to Securities other than Registered Securities)) are 
entitled to the benefit of and are deemed to have notice of and are bound by all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement (insofar as they relate to the Securities) and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. 
1. 
Type, Title and Transfer 
(A) 
Type 
The Securities are Index Securities, Share Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, Futures Contract 
Securities, Fund Securities, Govies Securities, Interest Rate Securities and Commodities Securities, 
Dual Currency Securities (or a combination of Dual Currency Securities and any of the foregoing) and 
Combined Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Certain terms which will, unless 
otherwise varied in the applicable Final Terms, apply to the Securities are set out in Condition 15 
(Terms of the Securities). 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate: 
1) For all Securities, whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment (Cash Settled 
Securities) or physical delivery (Physical Delivery Securities) or whether the method of 
settlement will be subject to the occurrence of a specific event (e.g. the Barrier Event). Italian 
Dematerialised Securities shall be Cash Settled Securities and settlement shall be by way of 
cash payment only; 
2) In the case of Warrants only: 
(i) whether the Warrants are American style Warrants, being Warrants which are exercisable 
during a specified period (American Style Warrants) or European style Warrants, being 
Warrants which are exercisable on a specified date (European Style Warrants) and 
whether automatic exercise (Automatic Exercise) applies to Warrants; 
(ii) whether the Warrants are call Warrants (Call Warrants) or put Warrants (Put 
Warrants);  
(iii) whether the Warrants are corridor Warrants (Corridor Warrants) being Warrants which 
allow to obtain a fixed Cash Settlement Amount, specified in the Final Terms, if the value 
of the Underlying remains within a range (a corridor) defined by two Barrier (the Lower 
Barrier Level and the Upper Barrier Level). Otherwise, if the value of the Underlying, on 
any day within the Barrier Valuation Period, falls below the Lower Barrier Level or above 
the Upper Barrier Level, the Corridor Warrants will expire immediately and the investor 
is entitled to receive the Corridor Early Amount, specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
instead of the Cash Settlement Amount and such Corridor Early Amount can be equal to 
zero; and 
3) in the case of Certificates only, whether remuneration amounts shall be payable in respect of 
the Securities. 
Reference in these Conditions, save for the Italian Dematerialised Securities and unless the context 
otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Securities shall be deemed to include references to Physical 
Delivery Securities, which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) at the Issuer's 
election to request cash settlement of such Security and where settlement is to be by way of cash 
payment, and references in these Conditions, save for the Italian Dematerialised Securities and unless 
the context otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Securities shall be deemed to include references to 
Cash Settled Securities which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) at the Issuer 
election to request physical delivery of the relevant Underlying in settlement of such Security and 
where settlement is to be by way of Physical Delivery. 
Securities may, if so specified and provided for in the applicable Final Terms, allow holders to elect for 
settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery or by such other method of 
settlement as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. Those Securities where the holder has elected 
for cash payment will be Cash Settled Securities and those Securities where the holder has elected for 
physical delivery will be Physical Delivery Securities. The rights of a holder as described in this 
paragraph may be subject to the Issuer's right to vary settlement if so indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
(B) 
Title to Securities other than Registered Securities 
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Security, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular number of Securities (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the number of Securities standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent as the holder of such 
number of Securities for all purposes (and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly).  
For so long as any of the Securities are represented by an Italian Dematerialised Securities, the person 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Monte Titoli as the holder of a particular amount of 
Securities (in which regard any certificate, record or other document issued by Monte Titoli as to the 
amount of Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall (except as otherwise required by applicable law) be 
treated for all purposes by the Issuer and all other persons dealing with such person as the holder 
thereof and as the person entitled to exercise the rights represented thereby notwithstanding any notice 
to the contrary (and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly, except where Italian law is applicable, in which case Securityholder 
and holder of Securities will be exclusively deemed to be the beneficial owner of the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities). The Issuer shall cause Italian Dematerialised Securities to be dematerialised 
and centralised with Monte Titoli, pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and 
integrated by subsequent implementing provisions.  
(C) 
Title to Registered Certificates 
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Registered Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
be, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing 
System, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, as the holder 
of a particular amount of such Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, 
as to the amount of Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Security Agents 
and the Calculation Agent as the holder of such amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of cash settlement amounts, remuneration amounts and/or interest with 
respect to such Certificates for which purpose the registered holder (as shown in the register kept at the 
principal office of the Registrar (the Register), of the relevant Global Registered Certificate shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent as the holder of such amount of 
such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered 
Certificate (and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly). 
In the case of definitive Registered Certificates, the Issuer shall cause to be kept at the principal office 
of the Registrar, a Register on which shall be entered the names and addresses of all Certificateholders, 
the amount and type of the Certificates held by each Certificateholder and details of all transfers of the 
Certificates. Each person who is for the time being shown in the Register as the holder of a particular 
amount of Certificates shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of 
such amount of Certificates for all purposes (regardless of any notice of ownership, trust, or any interest 
in it, any writing on it, or its theft or loss) and no person will be liable for so treating such person (and 
the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
(D) 
Transfers of Securities other than Registered Securities 
For so long as the Securities are represented by Definitive Securities, title to the Securities will pass by 
delivery.  
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Security, all transactions (including transfers 
of Securities) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be). 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by 
the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent from time to time and notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
Any transfer or attempted transfer in or into the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
United States person shall be null and void ab initio and shall vest no rights in the purported transferee 
(the Disqualified Transferee) and the last preceding holder that was not a Disqualified Transferee 
shall be restored to all rights as a Securityholder thereof retroactively to the date of transfer of such 
interest by the relevant Securityholder. 
For so long as the Securities are represented by Italian Dematerialised Securities, the Securities are held 
in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by 
Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Italian Dematerialised 
Securities will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Italian Dematerialised Securities 
will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian legislative decree no. 
58/1998, as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions, and in accordance with

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as amended and integrated by 
subsequent implementing provisions. The Securityholders may not require physical delivery of the 
Italian Dematerialised Securities. However, the Securityholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for 
certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies of Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as amended and 
integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. Italian Dematerialised Securities will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Monte Titoli. In 
particular, the transfer of the Italian Dematerialised Securities operates by way of registration in the 
accounts opened with Monte Titoli by the intermediaries adhering to the clearing system. As a 
consequence, the subject who from time to time is the owner of the account held with an intermediary 
adhering, directly or indirectly, to Monte Titoli, in which the Italian Dematerialised Securities are 
credited, is considered as the legitimate beneficial owner of the Italian Dematerialised Securities and is 
authorised to exercise all rights related to them. 
(E) 
Transfers of Registered Securities 
Global Registered Securities may be transferred only to a successor clearing organization. Transfers of 
beneficial interests in the underlying Registered Certificates represented by a Global Registered 
Security will be effected only through the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, and may be effected by 
such clearing systems or by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing 
systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. Title will pass upon 
registration of the transfer in the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System, as the case may be. 
Title to definitive Registered Certificates will pass upon the registration of transfers in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A definitive Registered Certificate may be transferred by the 
transferor or a person duly authorised on behalf of the transferor depositing at the specified office of the 
Registrar a duly completed transfer certificate (a Transfer Certificate) in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (copies of which are available from the Registrar) signed by or on behalf of the 
transferor and upon the Registrar after due and careful enquiry being satisfied with the documents of 
title and the identity of the person making the request and subject to the regulations set out under the 
Agency Agreement, the Registrar should enter the name of the transferee in the Register for the 
definitive Registered Certificates as the Certificateholder of the Registered Certificate specified in the 
form of transfer.  
Certificateholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured 
mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum determined by the Calculation Agent 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to 
the registration or exchange in the jurisdiction of the Issuer or in any other jurisdiction where the 
Registrar's specified office is located. 
Registered Certificates and interests therein may not be transferred at any time, directly or indirectly, in 
or into the United States or to or for the benefit of a U.S. person, and any such transfer shall not be 
recognised. 
2. 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities constitute direct, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank, unless provided otherwise by law, pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations other than 
subordinated obligations, if any, of the Issuer from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Certificates that are intended to be eligible for the purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities ("MREL") are subject to certain restrictions which will increase in the future – 
following the full applicability of the relevant provisions arising from the MREL Requirements. 
In particular, in relation to Series of Certificates issued in order to satisfy the MREL Requirements: 
i. 
the Securityholders unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which they might otherwise have under the 
laws of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Certificates; 
ii. 
claims arising from such Cerificates are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other 
arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims by the Issuer or by other entities related to 
the Issuer; 
iii. 
to the extent that the Issuer intends to qualify Series of Certificates as eligible liabilities in 
accordance with article 45 c paragraph 2 lett. b) of the BRRD II and 12c paragraph 2 lett. b) of 
the SRMR II, the value of the claim arising from such Series of Certificates in cases of the 
insolvency and of the resolution of the Issuer is fixed or increasing, and does not exceed the 
initially paid-up amount of Certificates, under all relevant laws and regulations amended from 
time to time, which are and will be applicable to the Issuer; 
iv. 
The Securityholders are not entitled to accelerate the payments under the Certificates, other than 
in the case of the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under all relevant laws and regulations 
amended from time to time, which are and will be applicable to it. For the avoidance of doubt, 
resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer 
shall not constitute an event of default for the Certificates for any purpose and shall not entitle to 
accelerate the payments under the Certificates. 
v. 
for the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge in respect of the Certificates. 
3. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the following definitions will apply: 
Accumulated Amount means, in relation to one or more Accumulated Valuation Date, the amount in the 
Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholder on the relevant Accumulated Payment Date per each 
Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 24 (Pay-out provisions). 
Each Accumulated Amount, in relation to the relevant Accumulated Valuation Date, will be equal to the product 
between (i) the Accumulating Amount provided in relation to such Accumulating Valuation Period and (ii) the 
total number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period. 
If an Early Redemption Level is specified as applicable under the relevant Final Terms, and if so specified in 
such Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of an Early Redemption Event. 
In such case, the Accumulated Amount will be paid on the Accumulated Payment Date coinciding with, or 
immediately after, the Early Payment Date in relation to which an Early Redemption Event has occurred; 
Accumulating Amount means, in relation to the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period, the amount in the 
Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
Accumulating Autocallable Trigger means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Accumulated Valuation Date. If on an Accumulated Valuation Date the 
Accumulated Amount payable to the investors is lower than, equal to or higher than, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Accumulating Autocallable Trigger, such event will be considered as an 
Early Redemption Event and, therefore, the Certificates are deemed to be early redeemed and the

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount on the relevant 
Early Payment Date; 
Accumulating Event means the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value 
or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Accumulating Level on the relevant Accumulating 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Accumulating Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Accumulating Level during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Accumulating Level and the relevant Down Range Accumulating Level (included or excluded in the 
range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents. 
The investors will be notified of the number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant Accumulating 
Valuation Period through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Accumulating Level means the value that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the 
occurrence of the Accumulating Event. 
The Accumulating Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent 
percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a predetermined 
value, specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Accumulating Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Accumulating 
Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant 
Accumulating Level for each Underlying; 
Accumulated Payment Date means the date on which the Issuer shall pay the Accumulated Amount to the 
Securityholders provided that, if such date does not fall on a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; 
If the Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if so specified in such 
Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of the Early Redemption Event. In 
such case, the Accumulated Amount will be paid on the Accumulated Payment Date coinciding with, or 
immediately after, the Early Payment Date in relation to which the Early Redemption Event has occurred; 
Accumulated Valuation Date means the date, specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation 
Agent determines how many times the relevant Accumulating Event has occurred during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period and therefore it determines the amount of the relevant Accumulated Amount. In

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
the event of more Accumulating Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First 
Accumulated Valuation Date, the Second Accumulated Valuation Date, and so on; 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Accumulating Autocallable Trigger as applicable, in the Accumulated 
Valuation Date following the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period, the Calculation Agent will determine 
also whether an Early Redemption Event has occurred; 
Accumulating Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a 
Accumulating Event. In the event of more Accumulating Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will 
indicate the First Accumulating Valuation Period, the Second Accumulating Valuation Period, and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Accumulating Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Accumulating Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Actual Exercise Date, in respect of an American Style Warrant, is defined in Condition 19(A) (i) or in respect 
of an European Style Warrant, is defined in Condition 19(A)(ii), in each case subject to Condition 21(A) (ii); 
ADR means an American Depositary Receipt which will be specified as the underlying asset or a Basket 
Constituent, from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
Save where specifically provided under the applicable Final Terms, all references in the Conditions or, as 
applicable, to the "Shares" shall be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, and/or the Underlying 
Shares, references to the issuer of the Share, as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer of the GDRs or 
ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the Underlying Shares, and references to the "Exchange" shall be 
deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, are listed 
and the exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are listed, and with such additional or 
alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may consider necessary or otherwise desirable provided that 
any such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the holders of Securities; 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity; 
Air Bag Factor means the numerical value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Annual Management Fee or AMF, means, if applied by the Issuer in relation to Benchmark Certificates, a fee 
charged to the investor at the particular time "t" which, irrespective of the performance of the Underlying, will 
accrue gradually and proportionally to the tenor of the Certificates and will be determined according to the 
formula set out below.  
The Calculation Agent will deduct the accrued AMF from the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to Condition 
24 (Pay-out provisions). If the Certificates are listed or admitted to trading, their price for trading purposes will 
include the AMF gradually accrued on each Exchange Business Day.  
In particular, the AMF will be determined on the basis of the AMF Percentage. The AMF will be calculated as 
follows:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
AMFt = ∏
(100% −
Percentage
AMF
365.25
)
𝑡
𝑡∈(𝑡0,𝑡0+1,…….,𝑡)
 
Where: 
"t" is the date related to each calendar day when the AMF is determined; 
"AMF Percentage" means, in relation to the calculation of the Annual Management Fee, the value 
expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Annual Valuation Date means, in relation to the Internal Return Amount, the period (composed of one or more 
Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) in which the Calculation Agent determines 
the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of the Internal Return Amount; 
Annual Remuneration Payment Date means, in relation to the Internal Return Amount (if applicable), one or 
more Business Days on which the Issuer shall pay the Internal Return Amount to the Securityholders provided 
that, if such date does not fall on a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
If there are more Annual Remuneration Payment Dates, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Annual 
Remuneration Payment Date, the Second Annual Remuneration Payment Date and so on; 
Barrier Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Final Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread 
Certificates) or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Barrier Level on the Barrier Event Determination 
Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Barrier Event Determination Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Barrier Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Barrier Level during the relevant Barrier 
Event Determination Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Upper Barrier 
Level and the relevant Lower Barrier Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Barrier Event Determination Period; 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms.  
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms may also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event, the applicable condition (among one of those 
specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents. In this case, the Barrier Level will be 
specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent.  
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Barrier Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Barrier Event in relation 
to one or more Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant Barrier Level for each 
Underlying. 
The Barrier Event will be promptly notified to the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices); 
Barrier Event Determination Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of the Barrier 
Event;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Barrier Event Determination Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Barrier Event Determination Period, the provisions set out within Condition 
15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Barrier Gap Event means, in the case of Gap Certificates and in relation to the Premium Gap Amount, the 
event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that, during the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Gap 
Daily Performance, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the relevant Final Terms, is equal to, higher 
than or lower than the Barrier Gap Level specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Barrier Gap Event will be promptly notified to the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices). 
In relation to the calculation of the Premium Gap Amount(s) payable to the investor during the life of the Gap 
Certificates, the investor should consider that after the occurrence of the Barrier Gap Event: 
(i) 
the Premium Gap Amount will be determined on the basis of the actual number of days within the 
relevant Premium Gap Observation Period and not on the basis of all the days of the relevant Premium 
Determination Period; and 
(ii) 
after the payment of the Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the first Premium Payment Date 
following the Barrier Gap Event Date on which a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, no further Premium 
Gap Amount will be paid to the investors; 
Barrier Gap Event Date means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the date on which a Barrier Gap Event has 
occurred; 
Barrier Gap Leverage means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Barrier Gap Level means, in relation to the Barrier Gap Event, the value expressed as a percentage indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Barrier Gap Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Barrier Gap Event in 
relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant Barrier Gap Level 
for each Underlying; 
Barrier Gap Observation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms on which the Calculation Agent determines if the Gap Daily Performance 
of the Underlying, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the relevant Final Terms, is equal to, higher 
than or lower than the Barrier Gap Level as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
In relation to the Intraday Value, in the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on an Exchange 
Business Day of the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market 
Disruption Event) will apply; 
Barrier Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the occurrence of the 
Barrier Event in relation to the relevant Underlying. Such value may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value (or as an independent percentage value in relation to Spread 
Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
a predetermined value specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(iii) 
a percentage of the Strike, specified in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
(iv) 
a percentage of the highest or the lowest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) Reference Value 
registered during the Barrier Selection Period; 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms may also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event, the applicable condition (among one of those 
specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents. In this case, the Barrier Level will be 
specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent.  
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Barrier Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Barrier Event in relation 
to one or more Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant Barrier Level for each 
Underlying; 
Barrier Selection Period means, when the Barrier Level is determined as specified at point (iv) of the definition 
of "Barrier Level", the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, on which the Calculation Agent determines the highest or the lowest Reference Value (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Underlying in order to determine the Barrier Level;  
Base Premium Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to time in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Basket means a portfolio composed of two or more financial assets comprised in the same basket. A Basket may 
represent the Underlying of the Securities or it may constitute a Basket Constituent of another Basket (the 
Underlying of the Securities), as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Basket Constituent means, in relation to each Series, each financial asset specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
Basket Constituent Weight means, in respect of each Basket Constituent, the value specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Basket Value means the value of the Basket calculated by the Calculation Agent in order to determine the Initial 
Reference Value, the Reference Value and Final Reference Value.  
In particular, at any time, the Basket Value is equal to the sum of the single Values of the Basket Constituents at 
such time, divided by the single Values of the Basket Constituents at time "0", and multiplied by the relevant 
Basket Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent comprised in the same Basket, in accordance with one of 
the following formulas:  
a) 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= ∑
𝐶𝑡
𝑖
𝐶0
𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
× 𝑊𝑖 
Where: 
"𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝒕" is the Basket Value at time "t", 
"𝑪𝒕
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final Terms  or, 
if the relevant Final Terms provide for a 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝐴𝑃𝑟
𝑖: 
𝐶𝑡
𝑖= 1
𝑦 𝑥∑𝑀𝑖𝑛 [
𝑦
𝑟=1
𝐶0
𝑖 𝑥 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝐴𝑃𝑟
𝑖;  𝐶𝑟
𝑖] 
Where:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
“𝑳𝒐𝒄𝒂𝒍 𝑪𝑨𝑷𝒓
𝒊" is the percentage applied to the Basket Constituent "i" at time “r”, specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, for each Basket Constituent "i”; 
"𝑪𝒓
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time “r”, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"y" is the number of Valuation Dates and/or the number of the dates of the relevant valuation 
period, if applicable, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
"𝑪𝟎
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "0", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
"𝑾𝒊" is the Basket Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent, and 
"𝒏" is the number of the Basket Constituents;  
b) 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= ∑
𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑖 ; 
𝐶𝑡
𝑖
𝐶0
𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
× 𝑊𝑖 
Where: 
"𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝒕" is the Basket Value at time "t", 
"Capi" is the maximum performance of the Basket Constituent "i", specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for each Basket Constituent, 
"𝑪𝒕
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i", at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
"𝑪𝟎
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "0", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
"𝑾𝒊" is the Basket Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent, and 
"𝒏" is the number of the Basket Constituents. 
In the case of Securities linked to a Basket of Baskets, the value of the Basket Constituent(s) will also be 
determined according to the above formulas; 
Best Of Feature means the determination method that may be specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. If the Best Of Feature applies, the Calculation Agent will select the Best Of Underlying to determine: 
(i) 
the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the event that triggers such Remuneration 
Amount; and/or  
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation of such 
Settlement Amount; and/or  
(iv) 
the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect. 
In addition, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Best Of Feature may apply in relation to any or all the 
relevant valuation periods; 
Best Of Underlying means, in the case of Best Of Feature, the Underlying with the first, second or third (and so 
on, depending on the number of the underlying assets) best Performance of the Underlying in respect of the 
Performance of the other Underlying(s). In the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will indicate for each Series if 
it will take into account the Underlying with the first best Performance (in such case this will be named Best Of 
Underlying), the second best Performance (in such case this will be named Second Best Of Underlying) or the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
third best Performance (in such case this will be named Third Best Of Underlying) and so on. Upon selection 
of the Best Of Underlying by the Calculation Agent the investors will be informed pursuant to Condition 9 
(Notices); 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of the European Union establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced 
from time to time; 
Buffer Event means, in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates, the event occurring when the Calculation 
Agent determines that, in the Buffer Valuation Period, the Performance Sum is lower than, equal to or higher 
than the Buffer Percentage, as specified in the relevant Final Terms from time to time; 
Buffer Percentage means in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Buffer Valuation Period means, in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates, the period composed of one or 
more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent 
determines if the Performance Sum is lower than, equal to or higher than the Buffer Percentage and therefore if a 
Buffer Event has occurred; 
Business Day means (i) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the relevant Business Day Centre(s) and on which each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is open for business (or, where the Securities are Italian Dematerialised Securities, a day on which 
Monte Titoli is open for business) and (ii) for the purposes of making payments in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the 
"TARGET2 System") or any successor thereto is open (and, where the Securities are Italian Dematerialised 
Securities, a day on which Monte Titoli is open for business). In the event that one or more dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms do not fall on a Business Day, such dates shall be postponed to the next day or to the 
previous day, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, which is a Business Day; 
Butterfly Level means, in relation to Reverse Butterfly Certificates, the value specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Butterfly Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or by a predetermined 
value; 
Calculation Agent means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. or such other calculation agent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Calculation Entity means, in the case of Certificates on Interest Rates, the entity responsible for the calculation 
and publication of the Interest Rate that will be indicated from time to time in the relevant Final Terms; 
Calendar Performance means, in the case of Calendar Certificates, the performance of each Underlying or 
Basket Constituent determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following formula: 
Max {Calendar Floor Percentage; Min [Calendar Cap Percentage; (RVy - RVx) / RVx]} 
Where: 
"RVy" means the Reference Value of the Underlying at time “y” specified in the relevant Final terms; 
"RVx" means the Reference Value of Underlying at time “x” specified in the relevant Final terms;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
"Calendar Cap Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to time in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Calendar Cap Percentage will always be equal to or higher than 0 per 
cent; 
"Calendar Floor Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to time 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Calendar Floor Percentage will always be equal to or lower than 0 per 
cent; 
Call Exercise Date means the Exchange Business Day on which the Certificates are exercised by the Issuer, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, following the exercise of the Call Option. The Call Exercise Date 
coincides with the last Exchange Business Day of the relevant Call Valuation Period (or with the Call Valuation 
Period if this is composed by one Exchange Business Day), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Call Notice Period means the date(s) – indicated in the applicable Final Terms – by which the Issuer shall 
notify, in accordance with Condition 22 (Exercise of Certificates) below, the intention to exercise the Call 
Option in the relevant Call Exercise Date; 
Call Option means, if the Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the option to 
redeem the Certificates which can be irrevocably exercised by the Issuer during the Call Notice Period specified 
in the applicable Final Terms pursuant to Condition 22 (Exercise of Certificates) below; 
Call Valuation Period means, if the Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, one or 
more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms on 
which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value. The Call Valuation Period(s) will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms from time to time relating to each Series, and will be considered for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount, provided that, the Call Option has been exercised by the Issuer and, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event has not occurred. 
If the Call Option is exercised by the Issuer, the Reference Value determined by the Calculation Agent in the 
related Call Valuation Period, will be considered as Final Reference Value. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on a Call Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Call Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption 
Event) will apply; 
Cap means either the Cap, the Cap Amount, the Cap Barrier Amount, the Cap Level or the Cap Percentage as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Amount means the amount indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Barrier Amount means the amount indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Consolidation Amount means the amount that may be considered, if indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
for the purpose of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount of Max Consolidation Long Cap Certificates; 
Cap Down Amount means the amount that may be considered, if indicated in the relevant Final Terms, for the 
purpose of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount of Twin Win Certificates when the Final Reference 
Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage;  
Cap Level means one or more values specified in the relevant Final Terms, expressed as either (i) the product 
between the Cap Percentage and the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) a value predetermined by the Issuer, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. If more values are provided, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
the relevant details;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Cap Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Style 1 means in relation to a Cap Level and if the Restrike Feature is indicated as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the calculation method pursuant to which, if the Restrike Event has occurred, the Cap Level will be 
determined in accordance with the Restrike Percentage; 
Cap Style 2 means in relation to a Cap Level and if the Restrike Feature is indicated as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the calculation method pursuant to which, if the Restrike Event has occurred, the Cap Level will 
not be taken into consideration for the purposes of the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Cash Settled Securities means Securities that entitle their holders to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement 
Date the Cash Settlement Amount (if positive); 
Cash Settlement Amount means, in relation to a Cash Settled Securities, the amount in the Settlement 
Currency which the Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date in relation to each Security, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the provisions under the section "Settlement Amount" of 
Condition 24 (Pay out provisions). The Cash Settlement Amount shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Securities exercised or redeemed, as the case may be, at the same time by the 
same Securityholder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount 
payable;  
Clearing System shall mean Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Cliquet Feature means the method for changing the Digital Level and the Participation Remuneration Level on, 
respectively, any Digital Valuation Period and Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, as specified 
by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to which the Digital Level and the Participation 
Remuneration Level will be changed, either automatically or upon occurrence of the condition(s) specified from 
time to time in the applicable Final Terms. Such method may indicate: 
(i) in relation to each Cliquet Valuation Period, the relevant Reference Value or Spread (in the case of 
Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), for the 
determination of the applicable Digital Level; and/or 
(ii) different percentage(s) to be applied to the Initial Reference Value and/or Reference Value(s) or 
Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates) for the determination of the applicable Digital Level, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Moreover, in relation to each different Digital Level the Issuer will also specify the related applicable Digital 
Amount. 
The investors will be informed of the update of the Digital Level and the Participation Remuneration Level in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Notices); 
Cliquet Valuation Period means, if the Cliquet Feature is applicable, the period composed of one or more 
Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines 
the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or the Cumulated Performance (in the case 
of Multiperformance Certificates). 
In the event of more Cliquet Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Cliquet 
Valuation Period, the Second Cliquet Valuation Period, and so on.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Cliquet Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Cliquet Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption 
Event) will apply; 
Combined Amount means, in relation to Combined Amount Certificates, the amount equal to the product of the 
Multiplier of the Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant Final Reference Value, 
which may differ from the Underlying used to determine the occurrence of the Barrier Event and/or from the 
Underlying used to the determine the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Combined Securities means the type of Securities which is a combination of the following types, as specified 
from time to time in the relevant Final Terms: Index Securities, Share Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, 
Futures Contract Securities, Govies Securities, Fund Securities, Interest Rate Securities and Commodities 
Securities; 
Commodity means, in relation to each Series, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the commodity 
indicated as Underlying in the relevant Final Terms; 
Commodity Index means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Consolidation Effect means the feature that may be specified as applicable in relation to the Digital Amount 
and the Participation Remuneration Amount if there are several Digital Valuation Periods or several 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods. 
The Consolidation Effect will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread 
(in the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates):  
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Level on the relevant Consolidation 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Consolidation Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Consolidation Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Level during the relevant 
Consolidation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Consolidation Level and the relevant Down Range Consolidation Level (included or excluded in the 
range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Consolidation Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such effect the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents.  
If the Consolidation Effect occurs, the Digital Event/Participation Remuneration Event will automatically occur 
without further determinations for all the Digital Valuation Periods/Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Periods following such Consolidation Valuation Period and, therefore, the investors will receive all the relevant 
Digital Amounts/Participation Remuneration Amounts (if positive).  
If the Consolidation Effect occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the website 
of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Consolidation Floor Event means the event that may be specified as applicable in relation to Max Long 
Certificates and Max Short Certificates, occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that, on the relevant 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), or 
the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates) is lower than, equal to or higher than, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Consolidation Floor Level. 
Upon the occurrence of the Consolidation Floor Event, the Cash Settlement Amount of the Max Long 
Certificates and Max Short Certificates, will be determined in accordance with a calculation method different 
from the calculation method applicable if the Consolidation Floor Event does not occur, as detailed in Condition 
24 (Pay-out provisions).  
The Consolidation Floor Event will be promptly notified to the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 9 
(Notices); 
Consolidation Floor Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a 
Consolidation Floor Event.  
In the event of multiple Consolidation Floor Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the Second Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, and so on; 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Consolidation Floor Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 
15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Consolidation Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of the Consolidation Effect. 
The Consolidation Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent 
percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a predetermined 
value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Consolidation Valuation Period.  
The Consolidation Level may be identical for all the Consolidation Valuation Periods or it may differ for each 
Consolidation Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If there are more Consolidation 
Levels, the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms the First Consolidation Level, the Second 
Consolidation Level and so on. 
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final 
Terms the occurrence of the Consolidation Effect in relation to one or more Underlying(s) and the applicable 
Final Terms will specify the Consolidation Level for each Underlying. In particular, for the purposes of 
determining the occurrence of a Consolidation Effect, the applicable Final Terms will specify the number of 
Underlyings in relation to which the Consolidation Effect has to occur; 
Consolidation Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a 
Consolidation Effect. 
In case of more Consolidation Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Consolidation 
Valuation Period, the Second Consolidation Valuation Period, and so on. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Consolidation Valuation 
Period.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Consolidation Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Consolidation Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Conversion Rate means, in relation to Dual Currency FX Certificates, the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Converted Turbo Certificates means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, if Reverse Split is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amended Turbo Certificates after the application of the Reverse 
Split calculated by dividing the number of Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates by the Reverse Split Ratio; 
Corridor Early Amount means, in relation to Corridor Warrants, the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to be paid to the Securityholder on the Corridor Early Payment Date per each Minimum Exercise Amount 
if a Barrier Event has occurred. The Corridor Early Amount could be also equal to zero; 
Corridor Early Payment Date means, in relation to Corridor Warrants, the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the event that the Corridor Early Amount is set equal to zero, the Corridor Early Payment Date 
will be specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms; 
Coupon Determination Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines whether the Coupon Event 
has occurred. 
In case of more Coupon Determination Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Coupon 
Determination Period, the Second Coupon Determination Period, and so on; 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Coupon Determination Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Coupon Determination Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Coupon Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring when the 
Calculation Agent determines that, during the relevant Coupon Determination Period, the Reference Value of 
one or more Underlying(s), or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated Performance (in 
the case of Multiperformance Certificates) is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Coupon Level. 
The occurrence of the Coupon Event will determine the amount of the Digital Amounts, if applicable, and/or of 
the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life of the Certificates. 
Therefore, if on the Coupon Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Coupon Event has 
occurred, the Digital Amounts and/or the Early Redemption Amounts will be determined on the basis of the 
Coupon Premium 1. Conversely, if on the Coupon Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Coupon Event has not occurred, the Digital Amounts and/or the Early Redemption Amounts will be determined 
on the basis of the Coupon Premium 2; 
Coupon Level means, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, the value specified in the relevant Final 
Terms determined as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent percentage value (in 
relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or as a predetermined value, which 
determines the occurrence of the Coupon Event. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Coupon Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Coupon Event in relation 
to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant Coupon Level for each 
Underlying;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Coupon Premium 1 means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms that, if the 
Coupon Event has occurred, will be used for the determination of the amount of the Digital Amounts, if 
applicable, and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life of the Certificates; 
Coupon Premium 2 means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms that, if the 
Coupon Event has not occurred, will be used for the determination of the amount of the Digital Amounts, if 
applicable, and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life of the Certificates; 
Coupon Valuation Date means the date, specified in the applicable Final Terms, on which the Calculation 
Agent if the Coupon Event has occurred during the Coupon Determination Period and therefore if the Digital 
Amounts, if applicable, and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life of the 
Certificates will be determined on the basis of the Coupon Premium 1 or on the basis of the Coupon Premium 2; 
Cumulated Performance means, in relation to the Multiperformance Long/Short Certificates, the 
Multiperformance Max Long/Short Certificates, the sum of the performances of each Underlying calculated as 
follows: 
∑( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝒊
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝒊
𝒏
𝒊=𝟏
−1) 
 
Where: 
“Final Reference Valuei” means the Final Reference Value of Underlying “i” 
“Initial Reference Valuei” means the Initial Reference Value of Underlying “i” 
“n” means the number of Underlyings; 
Darwin Feature means the determination method that may be specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the occurrence of an event and/or the determination of an amount to be paid.  
If the Darwin Feature applies, the applicable Final Terms will specify in relation to each valuation period of each 
event and/or in relation to each amount to be paid (Remuneration Amount and/or the Settlement Amount and/or 
the Early Redemption Amount), the Underlying value to be considered (i.e. Best of Underlying, Worst of 
Underlying, Basket Value or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
In the same way, if the Darwin Feature applies, the applicable Final Terms will specify the determination 
method of the Reference Value to be considered for the occurrence of the Barrier Event (for instance Worst Of 
Underlying) and the determination method of the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value to be 
considered for the calculation of the Settlement Amount, that can be different from the method used for the 
determination of the occurrence of the Barrier Event; 
Day Count Fraction means, in relation to the Interest Rate Warrants and to the calculation of Premium Gap 
Amounts: 
− 
if "ACT/360" is specified as applicable, the actual number of days in the relevant Floating Amount 
Determination Period or Settlement Determination Period or Premium Gap Observation Period, 
respectively, divided by 360; 
− 
if "Actual/Actual" is specified as applicable, means:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(i) in relation to the calculation of the Premium Gap Amounts, the actual number of days in the 
relevant Premium Gap Observation Period divided by the number of days comprised in the 
relevant Premium Determination Period; 
(ii) in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the actual number of days in the Floating Amount 
Determination Period, or Settlement Determination Period divided by number of days comprised in 
the relevant Floating Amount Determination Period, or Settlement Determination Period; 
Delivery Date means, in the case of an offer of the Certificates, the date specified from time to time in the 
relevant Final Terms and on which the Certificates are delivered to the Securityholder. Delivery shall mean the 
relevant accounting evidence of such securities in the bank account indicated by the investor in the relevant 
subscription module; 
Determination Date means one or more Exchange Business Days on which the Value of the Underlying is 
registered for the purpose of the calculation of the Initial Reference Value (pursuant to the terms set out in the 
definition of Initial Reference Value), as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms; 
Digital Amount means, upon occurrence of the relevant Digital Event in relation to the relevant Digital 
Valuation Period, the amount in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholder on the relevant Digital 
Payment Date per each Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 24 (Pay-out provisions). 
If the Multiple Level Option is applicable, the relevant Final Terms will specify the Digital Amount 1 and the 
Digital Amount 2, and so on, which will be respectively linked to the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2 and so 
on. In this case, the holders of the Securities will be entitled to receive the Digital Amount relating to the higher 
Digital Level reached by the Reference Value; 
If the Cliquet Feature is applicable, in relation to each different Digital Level, the Issuer will also specify the 
related applicable Digital Amount; 
Digital Combo Feature means, in relation to Certificates linked to a Basket or to more Underlyings that are not 
a Basket, the calculation method, if provided by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to which the 
Calculation Agent, for the purpose of the calculation of the Digital Amount, will determine the occurrence of the 
Digital Event (and eventually will determine the Consolidation Level, the Memory Level, the Knock-out Level 
and the Knock-in Level) in relation to each Basket Constituent or each Underlying. The amount of the Digital 
Amount will therefore depend on the number of Basket Constituents or on the number of Underlyings in relation 
to which the Digital Event has occurred; 
Digital Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Digital Level on the relevant Digital Valuation 
Period; and/or 
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Digital Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or lower than 
the relevant Digital Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Digital Level during the relevant Digital 
Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Digital Level and the relevant Down Range Digital Level (included or excluded in the range as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Digital Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents.  
If a Digital Event occurs, the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Digital Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Digital Event will be promptly notified to the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices); 
Digital Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the 
occurrence of the Digital Event. 
The Digital Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or the Reference Value or as 
an independent percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a 
predetermined value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Digital Valuation 
Period.  
The Digital Level may be identical for all the Digital Valuation Periods or it may differ for each Digital 
Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If there are more Digital Levels, the Issuer will 
indicate in the relevant Final Terms: (i) the First Digital Level, the Second Digital Level and so on, in relation to 
the relevant Digital Valuation Period, or alternatively (ii) the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2, and so on, in 
relation to the same Digital Valuation Period. 
In the case of Cliquet Feature, the applicable Final Terms will specify the method for changing the Digital Level 
in relation to one or more Digital Valuation Periods. 
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final 
Terms the occurrence of the Digital Event in relation to one or more Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms 
will specify the Digital Level for each Underlying. In particular, for the purposes of determining the occurrence 
of a Digital Event, the applicable Final Terms will specify the number of Underlyings in relation to which the 
Digital Event has to occur; 
Digital Payment Date means the date on which the Issuer shall pay the Digital Amount to the Securityholders 
provided that, if such date does not fall on a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day. 
The Digital Payment Date falls no later than 10 (ten) Business Days following the Exchange Business Day on 
which the Calculation Agent has determined the occurrence of the relevant Digital Event; 
Digital Percentage means, in relation to the Digital Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Digital Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a Digital Event.  
In the event of more Digital Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Digital Valuation 
Period, the Second Digital Valuation Period, and so on.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Digital Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Digital Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Digital Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption 
Event) will apply;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Discount Price means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the price that will be used in order to 
determine the initial trading price of the Securities. Such initial trading price may be different from the Discount 
Price. The Discount Price will be lower than the Issue Price; 
Disrupted Day means any Exchange Business Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
Down Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Down Range Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of: (i) the Accumulating Event (the "Down Range Accumulating Level"); or (ii) the 
Consolidation Effect (the "Down Range Consolidation Level"); or (iii) the Digital Event (the "Down Range 
Digital Level"); or (iv) the Knock-in Event (the "Down Range Knock-in Level"); or (v) the Knock-out Event 
(the "Down Range Knock-out Level"); or (vi) the Memory Effect (the "Down Range Memory Level"); or (vii) 
the Participation Remuneration Event (the "Down Range Participation Remuneration Level"); or (viii) the 
Early Redemption Event (the "Down Range Early Redemption Level"); or (ix) the Switch Event (the "Down 
Range Switch Level"). The Down Range Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or 
as an independent percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a 
predetermined value. If there are more Underlyings, the applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Down 
Range Level for each Underlying; 
Dropdown Protection Amount means, in relation to Short Lucky Protection Certificates, the amount specified 
from time to time in the relevant Final Terms; 
Dropdown Protection Level means, in relation to Long Lucky Protection Certificates, the value specified from 
time to time in the relevant Final Terms. The Dropdown Protection Level is represented by a percentage of the 
Initial Reference Value (or as an independent percentage value in relation to Spread Certificates and 
Multiperformance Certificates) or by a predetermined value; 
Dynamic Protection Level means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the value specified from time 
to time in the relevant Final Terms. The Dynamic Protection Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial 
Reference Value or by a predetermined value; 
Dual Currency means, in relation to Dual Currency FX Certificates, the currency specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Early Partial Capital Payment Amount means, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount paid to 
the Securityholder for each Minimum Exercise Amount on the relevant Early Partial Capital Payment Date; 
Early Partial Capital Payment Date means, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Business Day on 
which the Issuer shall pay the relevant Early Partial Capital Payment Amount to the Securityholder provided 
that, if such date does not fall on a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day;  
Early Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Early Payment Date means the date on which the Issuer shall pay the Early Redemption Amount to the 
Securityholders provided that, if such date does not fall on a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day. 
The Early Payment Date falls no later than 10 (ten) Business Days following the Exchange Business Day on 
which the Calculation Agent has determined the occurrence of the relevant Early Redemption Event; 
Early Redemption Amount means, upon occurrence of the Early Redemption Event in the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Period, (i) in relation to Certificates, the amount in the Settlement Currency to be paid to 
the Securityholder on the relevant Early Payment Date per each Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to 
Condition 24 (Pay-out provisions); (ii) in relation to Turbo Certificates, an amount that will be equal to 0 (zero);

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(iii) in relation to Warrants (only applicable to Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading without prior 
offer), an amount that will be equal to 0 (zero). 
The Early Redemption Amount may be the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or may be an amount 
determined on the basis of the performance of the Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
accordance with one of the calculation methods of the Early Redemption Amount described in Condition 24 
(Pay-out provisions). 
If the Early Redemption Amount is an amount determined on the basis of the performance of the Underlying 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount may be, as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, "Long Early Redemption Amount" or "Long Cap Early Redemption Amount" or "Short Early 
Redemption Amount" or "Short Cap Early Redemption Amount"; 
Early Redemption Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms and in relation to Turbo 
Certificates (for which the Early Redemption Event is always applicable), the event occurring if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Early Redemption Level on the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Early Redemption Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Early Redemption Level during the 
relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Early 
Redemption Level and the relevant Down Range Early Redemption Level (included or excluded in the 
range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents.  
The Securities are deemed to be early redeemed on the hour, minute and second of either (i) the last Exchange 
Business Day of the Early Redemption Valuation Period on which the Early Redemption Event has occurred, or 
(ii) if the Intraday Value is applicable and in any case in relation to Turbo Certificates, the Exchange Business 
Day on which the Early Redemption Event occurred. 
In addition, if the applicable Final Terms provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger, an Early 
Redemption Event occurs if, on the Accumulated Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant Accumulated Amount payable to the investors is lower than, equal to or higher than, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Accumulating Autocallable Trigger. 
In addition, if the applicable Final Terms provide for the Tarn Amount, an Early Redemption Event occurs if, on 
a Participation Valuation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the Remuneration Sum exceeds the Tarn 
Amount.  
In addition, an Early Redemption Event may also occur in relation to any Security pursuant to Condition 6 
(Hedging Disruption).

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
The Early Redemption Event will be promptly notified to the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices); 
Early Redemption Level means one or more values specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the 
occurrence of the Early Redemption Event. 
The Early Redemption Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value (or as an independent 
percentage value in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a predetermined 
value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to one or more Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event in 
relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the Early Redemption Level for 
each Underlying. 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, the Early Redemption Level is equal to the Strike Price; 
Early Redemption Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a Early 
Redemption Event. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger, the occurrence of an 
Early Redemption Event will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Accumulated Valuation 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (i.e. the Early Redemption Valuation Period will coincide with the 
Accumulated Valuation Date). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for the Tarn Amount, the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Participation Valuation Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (i.e. the Early Redemption Valuation Period will coincide with the Participation Valuation Period). 
In the event of more Early Redemption Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Early 
Redemption Valuation Period, the Second Early Redemption Valuation Period and so on.  
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Early Redemption Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 
15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Electronic Page means, in respect of an Underlying or a Basket Constituent, the electronic page or source 
specified for such Underlying or Basket Constituent in the applicable Final Terms, or either (i) any successor 
electronic page or source or information vendor or provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the 
original electronic page or source; or (ii) if such sponsor has not officially designated a successor electronic page 
or source or information vendor or provider, the successor electronic page or source or information vendor or 
provider designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from such sponsor) or any 
alternative electronic page or source designated by the Calculation Agent, provided that, if, in the case of (i) and 
(ii), the Calculation Agent determines that it is not necessary or appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any 
such successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be 
either the originally designated electronic page or source or such other electronic page or source as selected by 
the Calculation Agent. Where more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an Underlying or a Basket 
Constituent, then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed accordingly and (i) if there is any 
discrepancy between any relevant price or level displayed on the relevant Electronic Pages for any Exchange 
Business Day, the relevant price or level selected by the Calculation Agent shall be used for such Exchange 
Business Day; and (ii) if any relevant price or level is not published on all of such Electronic Pages but is 
published on one or more of such Electronic Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use such published price or level 
for the purpose of determining any calculation or determination in respect of the Certificates and no Market

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Disruption Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic 
Page(s); 
Entitlement means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security, the quantity of the Relevant Assets or the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, which a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date in 
respect of each such Security following payment of any sums payable, including the Premium (in the case of a 
Warrant) and Expenses rounded down as provided in Condition 19(C) or 22(D), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such Entitlement; 
Equity Element means, in case of Physical Delivery, the nearest unit of Relevant Asset capable of being 
delivered, specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Exchange means, in relation to the Underlying, each reference exchange or quotation system, on which the 
Underlying or related components are principally listed and traded, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the securities/commodities comprising such Underlying has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the securities or commodities 
comprising such Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange);  
Exchange Business Day means, in relation to: 
(A) 
Share Securities, Commodity Securities, Exchange Rate Securities: 
any day (i) which is considered an exchange business day by the Reference Source, provided that on 
that day such Reference Source is open for trading, except for the days on which trading sessions close 
earlier than the regular closing hours and (ii) on which the Reference Source is open for trading during 
the regular trading hours;  
(B) 
Index Securities: 
the day on which (i) the Index Sponsor determines and publishes the Index level and (ii) the Exchange 
is open for trading during the regular trading hours; 
(C) 
Futures Contract Securities: 
any day on which the Futures Contract is regularly listed on the Reference Source. If on such a day a 
Market Disruption Event occurs, such day will not be considered as Exchange Business Day;  
(D) 
Fund Securities: 
(i) 
in the case of unlisted Funds: any day on which the Net Asset Value of each Fund is (or would 
have been if a Market Disruption Event had not occurred) determined and/or published by the 
Management Company or the Fund Manager; and 
(ii) in the case of listed Funds: any day on which the price relating to each Fund is (or would have 
been if a Market Disruption Event had not occurred) regularly determined and published by the 
relevant Reference Source; 
(E) 
Interest Rate Securities: 
any day on which the Interest Rate is determined and/or published by the relevant Calculation Entity; 
(G) 
Govies Securities:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
any day (i) which is considered an exchange business day by the Reference Source, provided that on 
that day such Reference Source is open for trading, except for the days on which trading sessions close 
earlier than the regular closing hours and (ii) on which the Reference Source is open for trading during 
the regular trading hours; and, only in the case of Govies Securities linked to the Yield of Government 
Bond, (iii) on which the information source specified in the applicable Final Terms publishes the value 
of such yield(s); 
(H) 
if the Underlyings are Baskets: 
the day which is an Exchange Business Day for all the relevant Basket Constituents or, in case of 
Baskets of Baskets, the day which is an Exchange Business Day for all the relevant financial assets 
composing each of the Baskets representing the Baskets Constituent;  
In the event that one or more dates specified in the applicable Final Terms do not fall on an Exchange Business 
Day, such dates shall be postponed to the next day or to the previous day (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms from time to time), which is an Exchange Business Day, provided however that, if such new Exchange 
Business Day is already a date relevant for the fixing of the Value of the Underlying, the date originally 
specified shall be again postponed to the next day or to the previous day which is not a date relevant for the 
fixing of the Value of the Underlying.  
In the case of a Basket, or in the case of Best Of Feature and Worst Of Feature, if one or more dates specified in 
the applicable Final Terms do not fall on an Exchange Business Day for one or more Basket Constituents or for 
one or more Underlyings such dates will be postponed to (i) the immediately following or previous day (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms from time to time) which is an Exchange Business Day for all the Basket 
Constituents or for all the Underlyings or (ii) (a) for each Basket Constituent or for each Underlying in relation 
to which such date is not an Exchange Business Day, the immediately following or previous day (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms from time to time) which is an Exchange Business Day and (b) for all the Basket 
Constituents or for all the Underlyings in relation to which such date is an Exchange Business Day, the date 
originally scheduled; 
Exchange Rate means either:  
(i) 
in case of Exchange Rate Securities, the exchange rate between currencies constituting the 
Underlying (as single or as a Basket Constituent) of the Securities if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
in relation to Non Quanto Securities in general with reference to the relevant Underlying, the 
exchange rate on a given date between the Underlying Reference Currency and the Settlement 
Currency (expressed as a number of units or portion of the Underlying Reference Currency 
necessary to purchase a unit in the Settlement Currency), determined by the Calculation Agent 
for the purpose of the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Redemption 
Amounts or Remuneration Amounts or Corridor Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital 
Payment and the relevant events. The Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate by 
making reference to the exchange rate (fixing) between the Underlying Reference Currency 
and the Settlement Currency determined by the information source specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the exchange rate is not published or announced at the relevant time on such 
information source, either (i) the successor or alternative information source or (ii) the 
determination method to be carried out by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Exchange Rate Weights means in relation to Currency Certificates the weight for each exchange rate 
Underlying expressed as a percentage, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Exercise Business Day means, in respect of Warrants:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(a) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, a day that is a Business Day; 
(b) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, a day that is a Business Day and an Exchange Business Day.  
Exercise Date means, in respect of each Series, the Exchange Business Day on which the Securities are 
exercised, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Exchange Business Day which is also a Business Day. In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the 
Exercise Date will be a day which is both a Business Day and an Exchange Business Day; 
Exercise Price means, in relation to Call Covered Warrants and Put Covered Warrants the amount or the value 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or determined in the date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Amount means, in relation to one or more Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Periods, the amount(s) in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholders on the relevant Digital 
Payment Date (or other dates specified by the Issuer for each Series in the relevant Final Terms) per each 
Minimum Exercise Amount, if an Extra Consolidation Digital Event has occurred; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Event means, in relation to an Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, if 
applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if: 
(a) 
prior to the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, a Consolidation Event has occurred 
and 
(b) the Calculation Agent determines that in the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the 
Reference Value (or the Spread in the case of Spread Certificates, or the Cumulated Performance in the 
case of Multiperformance Certificates) is lower than, equal to or higher than the relevant Extra 
Consolidation Digital Level or, in relation to Securities with more than one Underlying, the Reference 
Value of each Underlying has been on at least one Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, equal 
to, higher than or lower than the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Level, as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In that case the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms in connection to such Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period. 
The Extra Consolidation Digital Event will be promptly notified to the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 9 
(Notices); 
Extra Consolidation Digital Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and only in 
case the Consolidation Effect is specified as applicable, the feature pursuant to which the Extra Consolidation 
Digital Amount potentially payable in case of Extra Consolidation Digital Event, after the occurrence of a 
Consolidation Event, will be eventually due and payable to the Securityholders; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Level means one or more values determined from time to time in the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period. 
The Extra Consolidation Digital Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value (or as an 
independent percentage value in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a 
predetermined value.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
If there are Extra Consolidation Digital Levels, the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to 
the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the First Extra Consolidation Digital Level, the 
Second Extra Consolidation Digital Level and so on. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Extra Consolidation Digital Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Extra 
Consolidation Digital Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify 
the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Level for each Underlying; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of 
an Extra Consolidation Digital Event. In the event of more Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Periods, the 
relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the Second Extra 
Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period or 
on one Exchange Business Day of the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the provisions set out 
within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Final Gearing means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the percentage equal to the Gearing 
multiplied by the number of Gearing Events occurred during the life of the Certificates; 
Final Leverage means, in relation to Lucky Protection Certificates, the value determined according to one of the 
following formulas: 
(i) 
In case of Long Lucky Protection Certificates: 
Final Leverage = Initial Leverage – (Adjust Factor x Negative Performance) 
(ii) In case of Short Lucky Protection Certificates: 
Final Leverage = Initial Leverage – (Adjust Factor x Positive Performance) 
Where 
"Initial Leverage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
"Adjust Factor" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
"Negative Performance" means the performance of the Underlying, determined according to the following 
formula and always represented by a positive value:  
Max[0; 1 – (Final Reference Value / Initial Reference Value)] 
"Positive Performance" means the performance of the Underlying, determined according to the following 
formula:  
Max[0; (Final Reference Value / Initial Reference Value) – 1] 
Final Notional Amount means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Final Reference Value means the value or the values calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
following provisions, in accordance with the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
If the Underlying is one or more financial asset(s) (and not a Basket): 
(A) the Value of the Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the Value of the 
Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Valuation Date determined by the 
Calculation Agent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, without considering possible 
changes published at a later stage in relation to the Value of Underlying; or 
(B) the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the Underlying (or, 
in case of more than one Underlying, the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean 
of the Values of the Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Valuation 
Dates, ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the last Valuation Date set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, and determined pursuant to the following formula:  
𝑭𝑹𝑽= 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑟𝑖𝑡ℎ𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × (1
𝑥× ∑𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑗)
𝑥
𝑗=1
 
Where 
"FRV" is the Final Reference Value of the Underlying, 
"Final Arithmetic Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if not specified, the Final Arithmetic Percentage will be equal to 100%), 
"x" is the number of Valuation Dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
"Underlying j" is the Value of the Underlying as determined on the Valuation Date "j", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) the maximum or minimum Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in case of more 
than one Underlying, the maximum or minimum Value of the Underlying(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Underlying during one or more Final Reference 
Value Determination Period(s) ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(D) in case of Exchange Rate Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
equal to the quotient of (a) 1 (as numerator) and (b) the Value calculated pursuant to (A), (B) or 
(C) above (as denominator); 
If the Underlying is a Basket: 
(A) the Basket Value on the Valuation Date, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent and without 
considering possible changes published at a later stage in relation to the Basket Value; or 
(B) the arithmetic mean of the Basket Values on the Valuation Dates as ascertained by the Calculation 
Agent and without considering possible changes published at a later stage in relation to the Basket 
Value, and determined pursuant to the following formula: 
𝑭𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑗
𝑥
𝑗=1
 
Where 
"FRV" is the Final Reference Value of the Basket,

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
"x" is the number of Valuation Dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
"Basketj" is the Basket Value calculated on the Valuation Date "j", as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(C) the maximum or minimum Basket Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) recorded in 
relation to the Basket during one or more Final Reference Value Determination Period(s), 
ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date, as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the Issuer/the investor, the Reference Value determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the related Call Valuation Period/Put Valuation Period, will be considered as Final 
Reference Value; 
Final Reference Value Determination Period means, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, one or more 
period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Floating Amount(s) means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the amount(s) in the Settlement Currency to 
be paid, if positive, to the Securityholder on the Floating Amount Payment Date per each Minimum Exercise 
Amount pursuant to Condition 24 (Pay-out provisions). 
Floating Amount Determination Date means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, each date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on which the relevant Floating Amount is determined in relation to the relevant Floating 
Amount Determination Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Floating Amount Determination Date, the 
provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Floating Amount Determination Period means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, each period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms related to each Floating Amount. In case of more Floating Amount Determination 
Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Floating Amount Determination Period, the Second 
Floating Amount Determination Period, and so on.  
Floating Amount Payment Date means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, one or more Business Days on 
which the Issuer shall pay the Floating Amount to the Securityholders provided that, if such date does not fall on 
a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
The Floating Amount Payment Date falls no later than 10 (ten) Business Days following the last Exchange 
Business Day of the Floating Amount Determination Period on which the Calculation Agent has determined the 
Floating Amount; 
Floor Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to time in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Floor Percentage will always be equal to or higher than 0 per cent.; 
Fund means, in respect of each Series, the fund specified in the relevant Final Terms as Underlying. The Fund 
may be either unlisted or listed (e.g. Exchange Traded Funds - ETF). In any case, no fund units, exclusively 
reserved for qualified investors and prohibited to retail investors, can be physically settled to retail investors; 
Fund Manager means the Management Company (as defined below), the director, the manager or other entity 
which is responsible for publishing the Net Asset Value on behalf of the Management Company, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
Futures Contract means, in respect of each Series, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the future 
contract specified as Underlying in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Certificates on Futures Contract, the 
lifetime of such instruments will reflect the lifetime of the related underlying futures. However, if the feature

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Futures Contract First Near-by is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will be entitled to 
determine the Initial Reference Value on the basis of a Futures Contract First Near-by. In such case, the 
Applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Rollover Date; 
Futures Contract First Near-by means, when the Underlying is represented by a Futures Contract, the futures 
contract that has (i) the same features of the Futures Contract indicated as Underlying, and (ii) has an expiration 
date which is the closest to the Determination Date; 
Gap Daily Performance means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the daily performance of the relevant 
Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent on each day of the Barrier Gap Observation Period, as 
follows: 
𝐺𝑎𝑝 𝐷𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑦 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡= 𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝑅𝑉𝑡−1
−1  
Where: 
"RVt" means the Reference Value determined on the Exchange Business Day “t” 
"RVt - 1" means the Reference Value determined on the Exchange Business Day “t-1”; 
Gearing means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
Gearing Event means the event occurring when the Reference Value is lower than, equal to or higher than (as 
indicated in relevant Final Terms) the relevant Gearing Level;  
Gearing Factor means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Gearing Level means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, one or more values specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or by a predetermined value; 
Global Performance means, in relation to the Global Performance Certificates, the sum or the average/mean, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, of the performances of the relevant Underlying as determined, in respect 
of any Performance Observation Date, by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
∑𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑡; (𝑅𝑉𝑡−(𝑅𝑉𝑠𝑥 𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑡)
𝑅𝑉𝑗
) 𝑥 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟𝑡]
𝑛
𝑡=1
 
Or, if the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
∑Min {CAPt; Max[Local Floor Percentaget ; (RVt −(RVsx GlobalStrike Percentaget)
RVs
 )
n
t=1
∗Partecipation Factort]} 
where: 
"n" means the number of the Performance Observation Dates,  
"RVt" means the Reference Value calculated on the Performance Observation Date "t" specified in the 
relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
"RVs" means the Reference Value calculated on the Performance Observation Date "s" specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
"Participation Factort" means the Participation Factor corresponding to the relevant Participation 
Observation Date "t" specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
"CAPt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Participation Observation Date "t", 
"Global Strike Percentaget" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Participation Observation Date "t", and 
"Local Floor Percentaget" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to the relevant Participation Observation Date "t". Such percentage may be lower than 0%; 
GDR means a Global Depositary Receipt which will be specified as the underlying asset or a Basket 
Constituent, from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
Save where specifically provided under the applicable Final Terms, all references in the Conditions or, as 
applicable, to the "Shares" shall be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, and/or the Underlying 
Shares, references to the issuer of the Share, as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer of the GDRs or 
ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the Underlying Shares, and references to the "Exchange" shall be 
deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, are listed 
and the exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are listed, and with such additional or 
alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may consider necessary or otherwise desirable provided that 
any such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the holders of Securities; 
Government Bond means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, a bond issued by a national government 
of an OECD member country or by an international public organisation established by (or mainly represented 
by) OECD member countries, listed on a liquid regulated market (for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU as 
amended) or multilateral trading facility, that may constitute the Underlying of Govies Securities from time to 
time and as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
In-The-Money means;  
(a) 
in the case of a Warrant which is a Cash Settled Security (a "Cash Settled Warrant"), the Cash 
Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrant is greater than zero; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Security (a "Physical Delivery Warrant"), the 
value of the Entitlement on the Actual Exercise Date for such Warrant is greater than the Premium as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Index means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the Italian or foreign indices constituting the 
Underlying from time to time and as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such 
Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each 
Exchange Business Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indicative Price means, in relation to Warrants, the price of the Warrants as admitted to listing/negotiations 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined on the basis of the market parameters registered on a 
date around the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Initial Gearing means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Initial Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
Initial Reference Value means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
I. 
the predetermined value or values (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the predetermined value or 
values of the Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms; or  
II. 
without prejudice to the adjustments set out in the Terms and Conditions, the value or values calculated 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the following provisions, in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms: 
If the Underlying is one or more financial asset(s) (and not a Basket): 
(A) 
the Value of the Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the Value of each 
Underlying or the Value of the Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the 
Determination Date, determined by the Calculation Agent, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, without considering possible changes published at a later stage in relation to the Value 
of the Underlying; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the Underlying 
(or, in case of more than one Underlying, the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such 
arithmetic mean of the Values of each Underlying or of the Underlying(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Determination Dates, ascertained by the Calculation Agent on 
the last Determination Date set out in the relevant Final Terms, and determined pursuant to the 
following formula: 
𝑰𝑹𝑽= 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑟𝑖𝑡ℎ𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × (1
𝑥× ∑𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑡)
𝑥
𝑡=1
 
Where 
"IRV" is the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying, 
"Initial Arithmetic Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if not specified, the Initial Arithmetic Percentage will be equal to 
100%), 
"x" is the number of Determination Dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
"Underlyingt" is the Value of the Underlying determined on the Determination Date "t", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) 
the minimum or maximum Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in case of more 
than one Underlying, the maximum or minimum Value of the Underlying(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Underlying during one or more Initial 
Reference Value Determination Period(s) ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the 
Determination Date(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(D) 
in case of Exchange Rate Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
equal to the quotient of (a) 1 (as numerator) and (b) the Value calculated pursuant to (A), (B), 
or (C) above (as denominator);

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(E) 
when the Underlying is represented by a Futures Contract and if the feature Futures Contract 
First Near-by is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Reference Value of the 
Futures Contract First Near-by with the expiry date which immediately follows the 
Determination Date. In this case the relevant Final Terms will indicate the relevant Rollover 
Date.  
If the Underlying is a Basket: 
(A) 
the Basket Value on the Determination Date, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent and 
without considering possible changes published at a later stage in relation to the Basket Value. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Value on the Determination Date may 
be equal to 1;  
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the Basket Values on the Determination Dates as ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent, and without considering possible changes published at a later stage in 
relation to the Basket Value, and determined pursuant to the following formula: 
  
𝑰𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝑥
𝑡=1
 
Where 
"IRV" is the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, 
"x" is the number of Determination Dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
"Baskett" is the Basket Value as calculated on the Determination Date "t"; or 
(C) 
the amount corresponding to the minimum or maximum Basket Value (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Basket during one or more Initial Reference 
Value Observation Period(s), ascertained by the Calculation Agent (pursuant to the terms 
specified in the foregoing definition of "Basket Value") on the Determination Date, as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Initial Reference Value Determination Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Cap means, in relation to the Interest Rate Warrants, and for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Floating Amount, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
Interest Determination Date means, in relation to the Premium Gap Amount, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Interest Rate means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the interest rate representing the Underlying 
from time to time and as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Internal Return Amount (which can be IRA Compound or IRA Simple) means the amount linked to the 
performance of the Underlying as indicated in the relevant Final Terms (if applicable);  
Internal Return Amount (IRA) Cap means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the Internal Return Amount (if applicable);

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Intraday Value means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and in order to calculate the 
Reference Value, the official level published by the Index Sponsor, the official traded price, quoted on the 
relevant Exchange, the Exchange Rate value quoted on the relevant over-the-counter or quotation-based market 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the official Interest Rate value, the Net Asset Value of such Underlying or 
Basket Constituent (without limitation, as the case may be and as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
continuously observed on such day by the Calculation Agent on the applicable Electronic Page, subject as 
provided in Condition 15(2) (Adjustment Events relating to the Underlying and correction provisions in relation 
to the Securities); 
Issue Currency means the currency specified from time to time in the applicable Final Terms; 
Issue Date means, in relation to each Series, the date of issue of the Securities. Such a date is specified from 
time to time in the relevant Final Terms; 
Issue Price means the price of issue of the Certificates; 
Issuer means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. with registered office at Piazza San Carlo, 156 - 10121 Turin, Italy; 
Italian Bail-in Power means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect 
in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative 
Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated 
entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of 
such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
Italian Index means an index regulated by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and by entities which have entered into a 
specific agreement with Borsa Italiana S.p.A.; 
Italian Resolution Authority means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other country 
in which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer acting in its capacity as resolution authority within the meaning of Article 
2(18) of the BRRD; 
Italian Traded Securities means Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that an 
application will be made to admit such Securities to trading on an Italian multilateral trading facility and the 
expression Italian Traded Warrants and Italian Traded Certificates shall be construed accordingly; 
Knock-in Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-in Level on the relevant Knock-in Valuation 
Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or lower 
than the relevant Knock-in Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-in Level during the relevant 
Knock-in Valuation Period; or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Knock-in Level and the relevant Down Range Knock-in Level (included or excluded in the range as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period,

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents; 
Knock-in Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and in respect of the calculation 
of any Remuneration Amount, the feature pursuant to which the relevant Remuneration Amount becomes 
payable to the Securityholders after the occurrence of a Knock-in Event. In particular, if Knock-in Event occurs 
during a Knock-in Valuation Period, the investor will benefit from the payment of the relevant Remuneration 
Amount during either the valuation period on which the Knock-in Event has occurred and/or the valuation 
period(s) following the Knock-in Valuation Period in which the Knock-in Event has occurred, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-in Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines 
the occurrence of the Knock-in Event. 
The Knock-in Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent 
percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a number, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Knock-in Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Knock-in Event in 
relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant Knock-in Level for 
each Underlying; 
Knock-in Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a Knock-in Event.  
In the event of more Knock-in Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Knock-in 
Valuation Period, the Second Knock-in Valuation Period, and so on.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Knock-in Valuation 
Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Knock-in Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Knock-in Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market 
Disruption Event) will apply; 
Knock-out Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if the 
Calculation Agent Determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), or the 
Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-out Level on the relevant Knock-out Valuation 
Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or lower 
than the relevant Knock-out Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-out Level during the relevant 
Knock-out Valuation Period; or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Knock-out Level and the relevant Down Range Knock-out Level (included or excluded in the range as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period,

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents;  
Knock-out Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and in respect of the 
calculation of any Remuneration Amount, the feature pursuant to which the Remuneration Amount potentially 
payable after the occurrence of a Knock-out Event will cease to be due and payable to the Securityholders. In 
particular, if Knock-out Event occurs during a Knock-out Valuation Period, the investor will not benefit from 
the payment of the relevant Remuneration Amount during either the valuation period on which the Knock-out 
Event has occurred and/or the valuation period(s) following the Knock-out Valuation Period in which the 
Knock-out Event has occurred, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-out Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines 
the occurrence of the Knock-out Event. 
The Knock-out Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent 
percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a number, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Knock-out Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Knock-out Event in 
relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant Knock-out Level for 
each Underlying; 
Knock-out Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a Knock-out Event.  
In the event of more Knock-out Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Knock-out 
Valuation Period, the Second Knock-out Valuation Period, and so on.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Knock-out Valuation 
Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Knock-out Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Knock-out Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Listing Agent means the Luxembourg Listing Agent and/or any other listing agent specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Long Strategy means the financial strategy which gives to the investor the possibility to benefit from the 
positive (increasing) performance of the Underlying(s) in relation to the amount(s) or occurrence of event(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Lower Barrier Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the occurrence of 
the Barrier Event. Such value may be set as: 
(i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) a number specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Luxembourg Listing Agent means Société Générale Luxembourg, acting as listing agent in Luxembourg;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Management Company is the entity responsible for the management of the Fund 
Market Disruption means any event, pursuant to Condition 15, that is deemed to be a Market Disruption; 
Market Value means, in the case of a Market Disruption Event or Adjustment Event that as a consequence of 
which the Issuer redeems early the Securities, an amount at the market value, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith pursuant to reasonable market practice and aiming to neutralise the effects which the 
Market Disruption Event or Adjustment Event cause to the Certificates; 
Margin means the percentage, which may also be equal to zero, specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Exercise Number means the maximum number of Warrants that may be exercised by the 
Securityholder, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Maximum Level means, in relation to each Series, the value of the Underlying, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and determined by the Calculation Agent, upon which the Issuer can opt to not carry out the issue of the 
Certificates and the relevant offer shall be deemed consequently cancelled pursuant to the applicable Final 
Terms;  
Memory Effect means the feature that may be specified as applicable in relation to the Digital Amount and the 
Participation Remuneration Amount if there are several Digital Valuation Periods or several Participation 
Remuneration Event Valuation Periods. 
The Memory Effect will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in 
the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates):  
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Memory Level on the relevant Memory Valuation 
Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Memory Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or lower 
than the relevant Memory Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Memory Level during the relevant 
Memory Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Memory Level and the relevant Down Range Memory Level (included or excluded in the range as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Memory Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such effect the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents.  
If the Memory Effect occurs, the investor will receive the previously unpaid Digital Amount(s)/Participation 
Remuneration Amount(s) in the event that the relevant Digital Event/Participation Remuneration Amount Event 
has not occurred, except where such Digital Amounts/Participation Remuneration Amounts have been already 
paid due to the occurrence of a Digital Event/Participation Remuneration Event in a previous Digital Valuation 
Period/Participation Remuneration Valuation Period.  
If the Memory Effect occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the website of 
the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Memory Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines 
the occurrence of the Memory Effect. 
The Memory Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent 
percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a number, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Memory Valuation Period.  
The Memory Level may be identical for all the Memory Valuation Periods or it may differ for each Memory 
Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If there are more Memory Levels, the Issuer will 
indicate in the relevant Final Terms the First Memory Level, the Second Memory Level and so on. 
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final 
Terms the occurrence of the Memory Effect in relation to one or more Underlyings and the applicable Final 
Terms will specify the Memory Level for each Underlying. In particular, for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Memory Effect, the applicable Final Terms will specify the number of Underlyings in relation to 
which the Memory Effect has to occur; 
Memory Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a Memory Effect. 
In case of more Memory Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Memory Valuation 
Period, the Second Memory Valuation Period, and so on. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Memory Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Memory Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Memory Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market 
Disruption Event) will apply; 
Minimum Exercise Amount means the minimum amount of Certificates and the relevant multiplier which can 
be exercised and is set out in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each issue;  
Minimum Exercise Number means the minimum number of Warrants that may be exercised by the 
Securityholder, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Minimum Level means, in the case of Fund Securities, the interest rate swap value as determined on the 
Determination Date, whose term coincides with the lifetime of the Certificates. The Minimum Level upon 
which, if reached, the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Minimum Trading Amount means the amount of Certificates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, in 
relation to each Series admitted to trading;  
Minimum Trading Number means the minimum number of Warrants specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, in relation to each Series admitted to trading; 
MREL Disqualification Event means, in relation to the Certificates that qualify as MREL eligible liabilities in 
the applicable Final Terms, the event occurring if, at any time, by reason of the introduction of, or a change in, 
the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date, all or part of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Certificates is or will be excluded fully or partially from the 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements provided that:

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(i) 
the exclusion of a Series of such Certificates from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining 
maturity of such Certificates being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event;  
(ii) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Certificates from the MREL Requirements due to there 
being insufficient headroom for such Certificates within a prescribed exception to the otherwise 
applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities (to the extent applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo 
and/or the Group) does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and  
(iii) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of such Certificates from the MREL Requirements as a result 
of such Certificates being purchased by or on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo or as a result of a purchase 
which is funded directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo, does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event;  
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies 
relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the 
Group, from time to time (including any applicable transitional or grandfathering provisions), including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities adopted by the Republic of 
Italy, a Relevant Authority or the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group), as 
any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may 
be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time;  
Multiple Level Option means, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and if several Digital 
Levels have been provided in relation to the same Digital Valuation Period, the determination method of the 
Digital Level pursuant to which the relevant Final Terms will indicate the Digital Amount 1 and the Digital 
Amount 2, and so on, which will be respectively linked to the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2 and so on. In 
this case, the holders of the Securities will be entitled to receive the Digital Amount relating to the higher Digital 
Level reached by the Reference Value;  
Multiplier means the amount of underlying which is related to a single Certificate or Covered Warrant, 
specified as a predetermined value in the applicable Final Terms or determined according to the method of 
calculation specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
NAV means the net asset value for each share or unit of the Fund as calculated and published by the Fund 
Manager; 
Net Profit Feature means the calculation method, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, for the 
determination of the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, pursuant to which the Remuneration Sum 
will be deducted from the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, provided that the resulting amount 
cannot be lower than zero; 
Non Quanto Securities means, in relation to Cash Settled Securities when the Underlying Reference Currency 
differs from the Settlement Currency, that the Quanto Option does not apply; 
Notional Amount means, in relation to Warrants, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Notional Amountt means, in relation to the Interest Rate Warrants, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to each Floating Amount Determination Period; 
Offer Period means the period indicated by the Issuer for the subscription in relation to the Series, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
One Star Determination Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, on which the Calculation Agent determines if the One Star Event has occurred; 
One Star Event means, in relation to One Star Certificates, the event occurring when the Calculation Agent 
determines that, during the relevant One Star Determination Period, the Underlying which is the Worst Of 
Underlying (or, in case of Basket, the Basket Constituent with the worst Performance) or the Best Of Underlying 
(or, in case of Basket, the Basket Constituent with the best Performance) is equal to, higher than or lower than 
the relevant One Star Trigger Level; 
One Star Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
One Star Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Reference Value of each Underlying (or, in case of 
Basket, of each Basket Constituent) set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
Open End Feature means, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the feature applicable to the Benchmark 
Certificates and Turbo Certificates pursuant to which the securities have no term and therefore the Exercise Date 
is not applicable. In this case, the Certificates can be early redeemed upon exercise of the Call Option by the 
Issuer or, if applicable, the exercise of the Put Option by the investors pursuant to Condition 22 (Exercise of 
Certificates); 
Outstanding Amount means, if an Early Partial Capital Payment Amount is provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, on the relevant Outstanding Amount Determination Date, the Issue Price less the sum of any Early 
Partial Capital Payment Amounts paid up to and including such relevant Outstanding Amount Determination 
Date. 
Outstanding Amount Determination Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
which the Calculation Agent determines the Outstanding Amount; 
Participation Combo Feature means, if specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to the 
calculation of the Participation Remuneration Amounts linked to a Basket, the calculation method pursuant to 
which the Calculation Agent will determine (i) the arithmetic mean or (ii) the weighted average (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) or (iii) the sum of the Participation Remuneration Amounts for each single Basket 
Constituent, as calculated taking into account for each single Basket Constituent the relevant CAP (if 
applicable), Floor Percentage, Participation Factor, Strike Remuneration Percentage, Base Premium Percentage 
(if applicable) and Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing (if applicable), as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms. However, for the purpose of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount (if applicable), the Calculation Agent will take into account the Initial Reference Value, the Final 
Reference Value, the Early Redemption Level (if applicable), the Barrier Level (if applicable), the Cap Level (if 
applicable) and the Protection Level (if applicable) in relation to a Basket. Such calculation method shall not 
apply to the Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates;  
Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms;  
Participation Rebate Amount means, if a Participation Rebate Event has occurred, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms for each Series; 
Participation Rebate Event means the event occurring when the Calculation Agent determines that the value of 
the relevant Underlying (or of the Spread in event of Spread Participation Remuneration Amount) 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Rebate Level in a Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Participation Rebate Level; and/or

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Rebate Level during the 
relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period; or 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
In case of Securities with more than one Underlying or in case of Securities with a Basket as Underlying, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iii) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents; 
Participation Rebate Feature means, in relation to the calculation of the Participation Rebate Amount, the 
feature pursuant to which the Participation Remuneration Amount potentially payable after the occurrence of a 
Participation Rebate Event will cease to be due and payable to the Securityholders. In particular, if Participation 
Rebate Event occurs during a Participation Rebate Valuation Period, the investor will receive the specified 
Participation Rebate Amount on the relevant payment date following the Participation Rebate Valuation Period 
in which the Participation Rebate Event has occurred; 
Participation Rebate Level means the value determined from time to time, in relation to each Participation 
Rebate Valuation Period, in the relevant Final Terms. For the purposes of the above Participation Rebate Event, 
the Participation Rebate Level is determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Participation Rebate Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Participation 
Rebate Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant 
Participation Rebate Level for each Underlying; 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period means, in relation to the Participation Rebate Level, the period 
composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the Participation Rebate Event has occurred. In the event of more Participation 
Rebate Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Participation Rebate Valuation Period, 
the Second Participation Rebate Valuation Period, and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Participation Rebate Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Participation Rebate Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 
15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Participation Remuneration Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the 
Securityholder, if positive, on the relevant Participation Remuneration Payment Date in relation to the relevant 
Participation Valuation Period per each Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 24 (Pay-out 
provisions).  
The Participation Remuneration Amount may be, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, "Long Participation 
Remuneration Amount Form A" or "Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form B" or "Short 
Participation Remuneration Amount" or "Spread Participation Remuneration Amount"; 
Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Participation Remuneration Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event 
occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread 
Certificates), or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Remuneration Level on the relevant 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period; and/or

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, equal to, 
higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Remuneration Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Remuneration Level during 
the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Participation Remuneration Level and the relevant Down Range Participation Remuneration Level 
(included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents.  
If a Participation Remuneration Event occurs, the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the 
relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, if positive.  
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final 
Terms the occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event in relation to one or more Underlyings and the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the Participation Remuneration Level for each Underlying. In particular, for 
the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Participation Remuneration Event, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify the number of Underlyings in relation to which the Participation Remuneration Event has to occur.  
The Participation Remuneration Event will be promptly notified to the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 9 
(Notices); 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines the 
occurrence of a Participation Remuneration Event.  
In the event of more Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify 
the First Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Second Participation Remuneration 
Event Valuation Period, and so on.  
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period or on one Exchange Business Day of the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the 
provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Participation Remuneration Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the 
occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event. 
The Participation Remuneration Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or the 
Reference Value (or as an independent percentage value in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance 
Certificates) or by a predetermined value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Participation Remuneration Level may be identical for all the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Periods or it may differ for each Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If there are more Participation Remuneration Levels, the Issuer will indicate in the 
relevant Final Terms: (i) the First Participation Remuneration Level, the Second Participation Remuneration 
Level and so on.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
In the case of Cliquet Feature, the applicable Final Terms will specify the method for changing the Participation 
Remuneration Level in relation to one or more Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods. 
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final 
Terms the occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event in relation to one or more Underlyings and the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the Participation Remuneration Level for each Underlying. In particular, for 
the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Participation Remuneration Event, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify the number of Underlyings in relation to which the Participation Remuneration Event has to occur; 
Participation Remuneration Payment Date means the date on which the Issuer shall pay the Participation 
Remuneration Amount to the Securityholders; 
Participation Valuation Date means, in relation to the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, each date 
or dates in which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of 
the Participation Remuneration Amount. In particular, for each Participation Remuneration Amount, the "RVj" 
will be determined on the "Participation Valuation Date(s)j" and the "RVt" will be determined on the 
"Participation Valuation Date(s)t"; 
Participation Valuation Period means, in relation to the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, the 
period (starting from the Participation Valuation Date(s)j indicated in the relevant Final Terms and ending on the 
Participation Valuation Date(s)t indicated in the relevant Final Terms), during which the performance of the 
relevant Underlying is determined for the purposes of the calculation of the relevant Participation Remuneration 
Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Path Dependency Effect means a calculation method of the Digital Amount, described in Condition 24 (Pay-
out provisions), according to which the Digital Amount may increase in relation to each Digital Valuation 
Period; 
Path Dependency Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Path 
Dependency Effect; 
Performance Cap means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Floor means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Observation Date(s) means, in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates and Global Performance 
Certificates, the date(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms, on which the Calculation Agent determines the 
performance of the relevant Underlying, for the purposes of the calculation of the Performance Sum and the 
Global Performance as the case may be; 
Performance means the effective performance of each Underlying or Basket Constituent determined by the 
Calculation Agent according to one of the following formulas:  
(i) on the Valuation Date: 
(a) In case of Long Strategy: Performance = 
FRV
IRV −1 
or 
In case of Short Strategy: Performance = 1 −
FRV
IRV 
or

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
(b) In case of Long Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (
𝐹𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉−1)  
or 
In case of Short Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (1 −
𝐹𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉) 
Where:  
"FRV" means the Final Reference Value of the Underlying,  
"IRV" means the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying; and 
"P" means the Performance Participation Factor; 
(ii) during the life of the Certificates: 
(a) In case of Long Strategy: Performance = 
RV
IRV −1 
In case of Short Strategy: Performance = 1 −
RV
IRV 
or 
(b) In case of Long Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (
𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉−1)  
In case of Short Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (1 −
𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉) 
Where:  
"RV" means the Reference Value of the Underlying,  
"IRV" means the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying; and 
"P" means the Performance Participation Factor; 
In each case, the relevant Final Terms may provide for the application of a Performance Cap and/or a 
Performance Floor. 
In the case of Spread Certificates, the performance of the two Underlyings for the purposes of the calculation of 
the Spread will be indicated, respectively, as "Performance of the Underlying A" and "Performance of the 
Underlying B"; 
Performance Participation Factor means, in relation to the determination of the Performance of the 
Underlying, the multiplier factor specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Sum means, in relation to the Buffer Protection Certificates, the sum of the performances 
percentages of the relevant Underlying as determined, in respect of any Performance Observation Date, by the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
In case of Long Strategy: ∑
(
𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉−1)
𝑛
𝑡=1
 
(ii) In case of Short Strategy: ∑
(1 −
𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉)
𝑛
𝑡=1

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
where: 
"n" means the number of the Performance Observation Dates,  
"RVt" means the Reference Value calculated on the Performance Observation Date "t", and 
"IRV" means the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying; 
In each case, the relevant Final Terms may provide for the application of a Performance Sum Cap and/or a 
Performance Floor. 
Performance Sum Cap means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Sum Floor means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Physical Delivery Securities means Securities that entitle their holders to receive from the Issuer, on the 
Settlement Date, the Entitlement subject to the provisions of Condition 23 (A); 
Plus Amount means, if applicable, one or more amounts indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to be paid to the 
Securityholder for each Minimum Exercise Amount on the relevant Plus Payment Date; 
Plus Payment Date means one or more Business Days on which the Issuer shall pay the Plus Amount to the 
Securityholders provided that, if one or more of these dates do not fall on a Business Day, they shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. If there are more Plus Payment Dates, the relevant Final 
Terms will specify the First Plus Payment Date, the Second Plus Payment Date and so on; 
Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, if Reverse Split is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Certificates before the application of the Reverse Split; 
Predetermined Loss Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, or determined 
according to the following formula, if provided in the relevant Final Terms: 
(Final Reference Value/Initial Reference Value – 1) x Issue Price 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value are referred to the 
Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may differ from the Underlying used to determine the 
occurrence of the Barrier Event and/or from the Underlying used to the determine the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Predetermined Loss Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Premium means the price of issue of the Warrants specified from time to time in applicable Final Terms as an 
amount and/or as a percentage of the Notional Amount; 
Premium Determination Method(s) means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the Floating Premium, the Fixed 
Premium and the Difference in Rates, pursuant to Condition 24 (Pay-out provisions) and specified by the 
Issuer in the relevant Final Terms in relation to each Premium Determination Method;  
Premium Determination Period means, in relation to Gap Certificates and the Premium Gap Amount, each 
period specified in the applicable Final Terms during which the relevant Premium Gap Amount is determined;  
Premium Gap Amount(s) means, in relation to one or more Premium Determination Period(s), the amount(s) 
in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholder on the Premium Gap Payment Date per each 
Minimum Exercise Amount, calculated pursuant to Condition 24 (Pay-out provisions);

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Premium Gap Observation Period(s) means, in relation to Gap Certificates and the Premium Gap Amount: 
a) If a Barrier Gap Event has not occurred, the actual number of days comprised in the relevant Premium 
Determination Period; 
b) If a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, the actual number of days comprised in the relevant Premium 
Determination Period from the initial day (included or excluded as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of such Premium Determination Period to the Barrier Gap Event Date (included or excluded as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
Premium Gap Payment Date means one or more Business Days on which the Issuer shall pay the Premium 
Gap Amount to the Securityholders provided that, if one or more of these dates do not fall on a Business Day, 
they shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
The Premium Gap Payment Date falls no later than 10(ten) Business Days following the last Exchange Business 
Day of the relevant Premium Determination Period; 
Premium Margin means, in the case of Gap Certificates, a value expressed as basis points specified by the 
Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (the Premium Margin may be equal to zero if the Issuer decides not to apply 
it for the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap Amount); 
Premium Percentage means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
Protection Amount means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Protection Level means the value calculated as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value (or as an 
independent percentage value in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a 
predetermined value, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms the 
Protection Level for each Underlying; 
Protection Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Purchase Price means, in relation to Digital Certificates, the price at which the Digital Certificates may be 
subscribed by the investor in an exempt offer, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Purchase Price 
will be lower than the Issue Price; 
Put Exercise Date means the Exchange Business Day on which the Certificates are exercised by the investors, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, following the Put Option Exercise. The Put Exercise Date coincides 
with the last Exchange Business Day of the relevant Put Valuation Period (or with the Put Valuation Period if 
this is composed by one Exchange Business Day), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Put Notice Period means the date(s) – indicated in the applicable Final Terms – by which the investor shall 
notify, in accordance with Condition 22 (Exercise of Certificates) below, the intention to exercise the Put Option 
in the relevant Put Exercise Date; 
Put Option means, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the option to request the redemption of the 
Certificates which can irrevocably be exercised by the investors during the Put Notice Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms pursuant to Condition 22 (Exercise of Certificates) below; 
Put Option Exercise means the faculty of the investors to exercise the Put Option, announced to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Condition 22 (Exercise of Certificates) below;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Put Option Exercise Notice means the notice to be sent by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 22 (Exercise of 
Certificates) below; 
Put Valuation Period means if the Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, one or 
more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms on 
which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value. The Put Valuation Period(s) will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, and will be considered for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement 
Amount, provided that, the Put Option has been exercised by the investors and, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, a Market Disruption Event has not occurred. 
If the Put Option is exercised by the investor, the Reference Value determined by the Calculation Agent in the 
related Put Valuation Period, will be considered as Final Reference Value. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on a Put Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Put Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption 
Event) will apply; 
Qualifying Certificates means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment 
of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of 
the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities; (C) have the same redemption rights as the 
Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities; (D) preserve any existing rights under the Certificates that 
qualify as eligible liabilities to any due but unpaid amounts which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the payment date immediately preceding the date of substitution or 
variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the Certificates immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgment of the Italian 
Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of 
the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following 
consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing which is independent 
of the Group, than the terms of the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Certificates were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution. 
Quanto Option means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the Underlying Reference 
Currency is, for the purpose of the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Redemption Amounts 
or Remuneration Amounts or Corridor Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital Payment and the relevant events, 
in any case conventionally denominated in the Settlement Currency and the Exchange Rate is not applicable and, 
therefore, the effects of the Exchange Rate on such amount(s) are neutralised; 
Quanto Securities means, in relation to Cash Settled Securities when the Underlying Reference Currency 
differs from the Settlement Currency, that the Quanto Option applies; 
Rainbow Feature means, in relation to the Certificates linked to a Basket, the determination method in relation 
to the value of that Basket, provided by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms. Unlike the securities linked to one 
or more Underlyings, the Issuer will indicate in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the financial activities which 
represent the Basket Constituents, (ii) the relative weighting within the Basket without any preliminary reference 
to specific financial activities and (iii) the objective criteria pursuant to which the weight will be allocated by the 
Calculation Agent (for instance, in a Basket constituted by three financial activities, the Basket would be 
weighted as follows: 50% for the Basket Constituent with the best performance; 30% for the Basket Constituent

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
with the worst performance; and 20% for a Basket Constituent with the second best performance). For each 
determination (during the life of the Certificates and at the exercise date), the Calculation Agent will weigh the 
relevant Basket Constituents on the basis of the Performance registered on such determination date and pursuant 
to the formula set out in the applicable Final Terms. The allocation of the weights within a Basket may result 
differently on each determination date and depending on the performance of the Basket Constituents. 
Once the Calculation Agent has carried out the weighting of the Basket on the relevant determination date, the 
Calculation Agent will calculate the total amount of the Basket pursuant to the methods applied on the 
instruments normally linked to the Basket. 
Such feature shall not apply to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates; 
Reference Rate means, in relation to the Premium Gap Amount, or in case of Interest Rate Warrants, in relation 
to the Floating Amounts and/or the Cash Settlement Amount, the Interest Rate that will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of Difference in Rates, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify the Reference Rate 1 and the Reference Rate 2; 
Reference Source means, in relation to the Underlying, each information provider, electronic page, exchange or 
quotation system in which the Underlying values are available, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, any 
successor to such information provider, electronic pages, exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the contracts relating to such 
Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Reference Source); 
Reference Value means the value determined by the Calculation Agent during the relevant valuation period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
In the case of a Basket, the Reference Value of the Basket will be determined as specified in the previous 
definition of "Basket Value". 
Furthermore, without prejudice to the definitions of the Final Reference Value and Initial Reference Value set 
out above, in relation to any valuation period during the lifetime of the Certificates, the occurrence of the 
relevant event may be determined pursuant to the following provisions, as specified from time to time in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
If the Underlying is one or more financial asset(s) (and not a Basket): 
(A) the Value of the Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the Value of the 
Underlying(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant valuation period, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, and without considering possible changes published at a 
later stage in relation to the financial asset; or 
(B) the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the Underlying (or, 
in case of more than one Underlying, the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean 
of the Values of the Underlying(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms) ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent on the last Exchange Business Day of such valuation period set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, and determined pursuant to the following formula:  
𝑅𝑉= 𝐴𝑟𝑖𝑡ℎ𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × (1
𝑥 × ∑𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑧
𝑥
𝑧=1
) 
Where 
"RV" is the Reference Value of the Underlying, and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
"Arithmetic Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (if not specified, the Arithmetic Percentage will be equal to 100%), 
"x" is the number of the dates of such valuation period, specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
"Underlyingz", is the Value of the Underlying determined on the Exchange Business Day "z" of 
such valuation period; or 
(C) the maximum or minimum Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in case of more 
than one Underlying, the maximum or minimum Value of the Underlying(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Underlying during one or more valuation 
period(s) ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Exchange Business Day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(D) in case of Exchange Rate Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
equal to the quotient of (a) 1 (as numerator) and (b) the amount calculated pursuant to (A), (B) or 
(C) above (as denominator). 
If the Underlying is a Basket: 
(A) the Basket Value on the relevant valuation period, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent and 
without considering possible changes published at a later stage in relation to the Basket Value;  
(B) the arithmetic mean of the Basket Values on the Exchange Business Days of the relevant valuation 
period as ascertained by the Calculation Agent and without considering possible changes 
published at a later stage in relation to the Basket Value, determined pursuant to the following 
formula: 
𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑧
𝑥
𝑧=1
 
 
Where 
"RV" is the value of the Basket, 
"x" is the number of the Exchanges Business Dates of the relevant valuation period, specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms, 
"Basketz" is the Basket Value as calculated on the Exchange Business Day "z"; or 
(C) the maximum or minimum Basket Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) recorded in 
relation to the Basket during one or more valuation period(s), ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
on the Exchange Business Day of the relevant valuation period, as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
If the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the issuer/the investor, the Reference Value determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the related Call Valuation Period/Put Valuation Period, will be considered as Final 
Reference Value; 
Registrar means Société Générale Luxembourg as registrar in respect of any Registered Securities; 
Register means in the case of Registered Securities, the register kept at the principal office of the Registrar;

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Related Exchange means, in relation to an Underlying, any regulated or non-regulated market where the 
options, futures or repo contracts on such Underlying are traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Relevant Asset means the assets constituting the Entitlement as specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation 
to the Physical Delivery Securities; 
Relevant Authority means the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, or any successor authority having 
responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group within the framework of the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and in accordance with the 
applicable MREL Requirements and/or, as the context may require, the Italian resolution authority, the Single 
Resolution Board established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, and/or any other authority in Italy or in 
the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or having 
primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo from time to time; 
Relevant Regulations means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, guidelines and policies of the 
competent authority or the Relevant Authority, or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect in the 
Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time 
(including any applicable transitional provisions), (including, but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the 
relevant Series of Certificates, the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD IV, CRR, the BRRD and the 
SRMR, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by the 
European Banking Authority); 
Remuneration Amount means either the Accumulating Amount, the Digital Amount, the Extra Consolidation 
Digital Amount, the Internal Return Amount, the Participation Rebate Amount, the Participation Remuneration 
Amount, the Plus Amount, and/or the Premium Gap Amount, as the case may be;  
Remuneration Sum means, in relation to the Participation Remuneration Amounts, (i) if the Net Profit Feature 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the sum, in respect of any Valuation Date, of the 
Remuneration Amounts specified in the relevant Final Terms, if already paid, on the payment dates specified in 
the relevant Final Terms preceding such Valuation Date, or (ii) if the Tarn Feature is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the sum in respect of any Valuation Date, of the Remuneration Amounts specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, if already paid, on the payment dates specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding 
such Valuation Date; 
Renouncement Notice means, in respect of Certificates admitted to trading on an Italian trading venue, the 
notice to be sent by the investors, prior to the Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time, to renounce any Automatic 
Exercise of Certificate pursuant to Condition 22 (Exercise of Certificates); 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time means, if a Renouncement Notice is applicable in respect of the 
Certificates, the time limit for sending the Renouncement Notice by the investors pursuant to Condition 22 
(Exercise of Certificates); 
Restrike Event means, in relation to the Restrike Feature and if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, 
the event occurring when the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value of one or more 
Underlyings,  
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Restrike Level during the relevant Restrike 
Observation Period(s); and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Restrike Observation Period, equal to, higher than or lower 
than the relevant Restrike Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Restrike Level during the relevant 
Restrike Observation Period; or

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms.  
In case of Securities with more than one Underlying or in case of Securities with a Basket as Underlying, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iii) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents. 
Upon occurrence of a Restrike Event, the Initial Reference Value and all the value and levels dependant from the 
Initial Reference Value (such as the Barrier Level, the Cap Level, the Multiplier and so forth) will be 
consequently amended. 
Restrike Feature means, in relation to Max Long/Short Certificates, if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and as better specified in Condition 24 (Pay-out provisions), the calculation method pursuant to 
which, on the occurrence of a Restrike Event, the Initial Reference Value will be automatically set at a 
percentage of the Initial Reference Value which is equal to the Restrike Percentage, as indicated from time to 
time in the relevant Final Terms. All the values and levels dependant from the Initial Reference Value (such as 
the Barrier Level, the Cap Level, the Multiplier and so forth) will be consequently amended. 
Restrike Level means, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, for each Underlying, the value determined 
as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value as specified in relation to the Restrike Observation Period in the 
relevant Final Terms from time to time. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Restrike Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Restrike Event in 
relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant Restrike Level for 
each Underlying; 
Restrike Observation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines if the Restrike Event has 
occurred. In the event of more Digital Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First 
Restrike Observation Period, the Second Restrike Observation Period, and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Restrike Observation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Restrike Observation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Restrike Percentage means, in relation to the Restrike Feature, the value expressed as a percentage specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Reverse Split means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
mechanism by which the Issuer may, at its option, consolidate the Turbo Certificates and replace the Securities 
representing such Turbo Certificates before the Reverse Split occurred (the Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates) 
with Securities representing the Certificates after the Reverse Split (Converted Turbo Certificates), as better 
specified in Condition 25 (Reverse Split of Turbo Certificates). In such event, the Issuer may give the Reverse 
Split Trigger Notice to Securityholders within a number of days equal to the Reverse Split Notice Period 
informing them of its intention to effect a Reverse Split with respect to the relevant Turbo Certificates. If 
required, the Issuer will also pay to the Securityholders a Reverse Split Cash Settlement Amount to reflect the 
economic effect of reducing the number of the outstanding Turbo Certificates of the relevant Series; 
Reverse Split Cash Settlement Amount means, in respect of each Securityholder, the amount determined as 
the product of the Reverse Split Cash Settlement Price and the Reverse Split Number applicable to such 
Securityholder;

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Reverse Split Cash Settlement Price means the “prezzo di riferimento” of the Turbo Certificates as calculated 
by Borsa Italiana in accordance with SeDeX Rules; 
Reverse Split Effective Date is the date specified as such in the applicable Reverse Split Trigger Notice;  
Reverse Split Notice Period is the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reverse Split Number means, in respect of each Securityholder, the number of the Unconverted Turbo 
Certificates;  
Reverse Split Ratio is the ratio by which the Turbo Certificates will be replaced by the Converted Turbo 
Certificates, as specified in the applicable Reverse Split Trigger Notice; 
Reverse Split Settlement Date is the number of days or Business Days specified in the applicable Reverse Split 
Trigger Notice following the Reverse Split Effective Date;  
Reverse Split Trigger Notice means, in respect of Turbo Certificates, the notice which shall include the 
description of the operational mechanisms to be performed in relation to the Reverse Split; 
Rollover Date means, when the Initial Reference Value is represented by the Initial Reference Value of a 
Futures Contract First Near-by, the Exchange Business Day specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the 
Futures Contract First Near-by will be replaced by the Futures Contract indicated as the Underlying of the 
Securities in the applicable Final Terms, without any adjustment to the price of the Securities; 
Series means the Certificates that will be issued, from time to time, pursuant to this Base Prospectus as 
identified by the relevant ISIN Code; 
Settlement Amount means either the Cash Settlement Amount (when settlement shall be by way of cash 
payment) or the Physical Delivery (when settlement shall be by way of physical delivery); 
Settlement Characteristic means one of the characteristics that may apply to the formulas of the determination 
of the Settlement Amount set out under Condition 24 (pay-out provisions) (including, without limitation, Barrier 
Event, Barrier Gap Event, Buffer Event, Protection Level, Short Protection, CAP, Cap Level, Cap Amount, Cap 
Barrier Amount, Predetermined Loss Percentage, Air Bag Factor, Sigma Amount, Gearing Factor, Cap 
Consolidation Amount, Strike Percentage, Annual Management Fee, Variable Management Fee, Protection 
Percentage, Spread Protection, Protection Amount, Step Up Amount); 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Settlement Date means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business Day next 
following the last occurring Valuation Date or Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Securities, the fifth Business Day following the last occurring Valuation 
Date or Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date; 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
If on a Valuation Date or on a Call Exercise Date or on a Put Exercise Date a Market Disruption Event occurs, 
the Settlement Date will be postponed accordingly. Such Settlement Date shall not, in any case, be postponed 
beyond the tenth Business Day following the last Valuation Date or Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date. 
Settlement Determination Date means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, each date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms during which the Cash Settlement Amount is determined in relation to the Settlement 
Determination Period.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
The above applies provided that in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a Market Disruption Event in a 
Settlement Determination Date has not occurred. In this case, the Exchange Business Day coinciding with the 
Settlement Determination Date is intended to be postponed to the first following Exchange Business Day on 
which the Market Disruption Event is no longer in place. In any case, such Exchange Business Day of the 
Settlement Determination Period may not be postponed beyond the eighth Exchange Business Day following the 
Exercise Date;  
Settlement Determination Period means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms related to the Cash Settlement Amount;  
Settlement Event means, in relation to the Digital Certificates, the event which occurs when the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Final Reference Value is equal to, or higher than, the Settlement Level, as specified 
from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Digital Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the 
relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Settlement Event in relation to one or more Underlyings and the 
applicable Final Terms may specify the Settlement Level for each Underlying.  
The determination by the Calculation Agent on the occurrence of the Settlement Event will be promptly notified 
to the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices); 
Settlement Level means, in relation to the Digital Certificates, means the value specified in the applicable Final 
Terms that determines the occurrence of the Settlement Event. Such value will be set as a percentage of the 
Initial Reference Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence of the 
Settlement Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Settlement Event in 
relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant Settlement Level for 
each Underlying;  
Share means, in relation to each Series, either as single underlying or as a Basket Constituent, the share listed in 
Italy on the markets managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., or listed on European or foreign stock exchanges, which 
will be specified as the underlying asset or a Basket Constituent, from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant underlying share (as single underlying or as Basket Constituent) (i) will not be issued by the Issuer 
nor by an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer, and (ii) may not be converted or exchanged into shares or 
other transferable securities equivalent to shares issued by the Issuer or by an entity belonging to the group of 
the Issuer; 
Short Protection means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Short Strategy means the financial strategy which gives to the investor the possibility to benefit from the 
negative (decreasing) performance of the Underlying(s) in relation to the amount(s) or occurrence of event(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Sigma Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency specified by the Issuer in Final Terms for each 
Series;  
Sponsor means, in relation to each Series, the entity responsible for the calculation and/or the management 
and/or the issue of the relevant Underlying, as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms;  
Spread means, in relation to Spread Certificates, the difference either: 
(i) between the Performance of the Underlying A and the Performance of the Underlying B, each of them 
determined according to one of the formulas set out in the definition of "Performance", specified in the 
applicable Final terms. In this case the Spread is determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Spread = Performance of the Underlying A – Performance of the Underlying B 
or 
(ii) between the Initial Reference Value or Reference Value or Final Reference Value of the Underlying A 
(respectively, Initial Reference ValueA or Reference ValueA or Final Reference ValueA) and the Initial 
Reference Value or Reference Value or Final Reference Value of the Underlying B (respectively, Initial 
Reference ValueB or Reference ValueB or Final Reference ValueB), as specified in the applicable Final 
terms. In this case the Spread is determined by the Calculation Agent, alternatively, as follows: 
Spread = Initial Reference ValueA – Initial Reference ValueB 
or 
Spread = Reference ValueA – Reference ValueB 
or 
Spread = Final Reference ValueA – Final Reference ValueB 
Spread Protection means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Step Up Amount means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Strike means the value which will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Observation Date; 
Strike Level means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount of the Dual Currency FX Certificates; 
Strike Percentage means, in relation to Warrants, Call Certificates, Standard Long Certificates (if applicable) 
and Twin Win Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms, which will 
be considered for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Strike Price means, in relation to Short Benchmark Certificates and Turbo Certificates, the amount or the value 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Turbo Certificates with Open End Feature, if the Call 
Option/Put Option is exercised by the Issuer/the investor, the Strike Price is the Strike Pricet as defined below; 
Strike Pricet or SPt means, in relation to Turbo Certificates with Open End Feature, the Strike Price which, in 
respect of a calendar day (dayt), is an amount calculated as follows:  
SPt = SPt-1  x (1 + Restrike Costt-1) 1⁄360 – Dividend Adjustment Amount 
Where: 
"Dividend Adjustment Amount" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to (i) the sum of the gross cash dividends and/or other cash distributions 
payable in respect of the relevant Underlying (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each share 
comprising such Index) related to such Ex-Dividend Date multiplied by (ii) the Dividend Percentage; 
"Dividend Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may increase or decrease such percentage to reflect any imposition of or adjustment 
to, any taxes which are deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
having the power to tax in respect of cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect 
of the relevant Underlying (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each share comprising such Index). 
If the Dividend Percentage is adjusted as provided herein, the adjusted Dividend Percentage, will be 
notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable 
following such adjustment; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share or share comprising an Index, the date on which 
such Share or share comprising an Index becomes "ex-dividend" as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Restrike Costt" means, if applicable, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), the value expressed as a 
percentage determined and published daily by the Issuer so as not to exceed the percentage indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. Restrike Costt-1 means the Restrike Costt applicable on dayt-1; 
"SPt-1" means Strike Price applicable on dayt-1. 
For purpose to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount, if the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the 
Issuer/the investor, t is equal to the Call Exercise Date/Put Exercise Date; 
Strike Remuneration Percentage means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Strike Observation Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of the 
determination of the Strike; 
Successor Sponsor means, in relation to each Underlying, a third party that may be responsible for the 
calculation and/or the management and/or the issuance of the Underlying in the place of the Sponsor;  
Switch Event means, in relation to Switch Certificates, the event occurring when the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or the Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Switch Level on the relevant Switch Valuation 
Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Switch Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or lower than 
the relevant Switch Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Switch Level during the relevant Switch 
Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Switch Level and the relevant Down Range Switch Level (included or excluded in the range as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Switch Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event the 
applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation 
to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents; 
Switch Level means the value determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Switch Valuation Period, represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value, or by a predetermined 
value;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Switch Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines if the Switch Event has occurred. In the 
event of more Switch Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Switch Valuation 
Period, the Second Switch Valuation Period, and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Switch Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Switch Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption 
Event) will apply; 
Tarn Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to the calculation of the 
Participation Remuneration Amount, the feature pursuant to which the Participation Remuneration Amount 
potentially payable will cease to be due and payable to the Securityholders if the Remuneration Sum exceeds the 
Tarn Amount and the Certificates will be early redeemed; 
Tarn Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in respect of 
any Participation Valuation Date, the Remuneration Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount, such event will be 
considered as an Early Redemption Event and, therefore, the Certificates are deemed to be early redeemed and 
the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount on the relevant 
Early Payment Date;  
Typology means the type of Securities that will be issued in respect of each Series, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. In particular, the Securities may be: 
- Standard (Long/Short) Certificates, 
- Max (Long/Consolidation Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Spread (Type A/ Type B/ Type C/Type D) Certificates; 
- Twin Win (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Benchmark (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Turbo (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Outperformance (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Buffer Protection Certificates;  
- Global Performance Certificates; 
- Lucky Protection (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Dynamic Protection (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Currency Certificates; 
- Multiperformance Certificates; 
- Gap (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Dual Currency FX Certificates; 
- Calendar Certificates;

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
- One Star Certificates; 
- Switch Certificates; 
- Call Certificates; 
- Digital Certificates; 
- Combined Amount Certificates; 
- Long Outperformance Combined Certificates; 
- Reverse Butterfly Certificates; 
- Call Covered Warrants; 
- Call Warrants;  
- Call Spread Warrants; 
- Put Covered Warrants; 
- Put Warrants; 
- Put Spread Warrants; 
- Interest Rate Warrants; 
- Corridor Warrants; 
Unconverted Turbo Certificates means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, if Reverse Split is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Turbo Certificates held by any Securityholder that cannot be 
replaced by Converted Turbo Certificates, once that the aggregate number of Certificates held by the relevant 
Securityholder have been divided by the Reverse Split Ratio;  
Underlying means, for each Series: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities linked to one or more financial asset(s), the Share, the GDRs/ADRs, the 
Index, the Commodity, the Futures Contract, the Exchange Rate, the Government Bond, the Yield 
of Government Bond, the Interest Rate and the Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
in the case of Spread Certificates, two or more financial assets selected from the following 
Underlyings: Shares, GDRs/ADRs, Indexes, Commodities, Futures Contracts, Government Bonds, 
Yields of Government Bonds, Exchange Rates, Interest Rates, Funds and Baskets, and indicated 
respectively as Underlying A and Underlying B in the relevant Final Terms; in this case, the 
relevant Initial Reference Value, Final Reference Value, Multiplier, Initial Percentage and 
Performance of the Underlying, will be indicated as, respectively, the Initial Reference ValueA 
and Initial Reference ValueB, the Reference ValueA and Reference ValueB, the Final Reference 
ValueA and Final Reference ValueB, the MultiplierA and MultiplierB, the Initial PercentageA 
and Initial PercentageB and the Performance of the Underlying A and Performance of the 
Underlying B; 
(iii) 
in the case of Certificates linked to a Basket (as defined above), a Basket composed of two or more 
financial assets listed at point (i) above or composed by two or more baskets composed of two or

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
more financial assets listed at point (i) above (each a Basket Constituent, as defined above and 
indicated from time to time in the relevant Final Terms); 
Underlying Reference Currency means for each Series, the currency of the Underlying(s) as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of Quanto Securities, the Underlying Reference Currency will be expressed 
in the Settlement Currency and, therefore, the effects of the Exchange Rate on the Cash Settlement Amount or 
Early Redemption Amounts or Remuneration Amounts or Corridor Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital 
Payment to be paid in relation to the Securities are neutralised; 
Underlying Shares means the shares underlying an ADR or GDR, as the case may be; 
Up Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Up Range Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines 
the occurrence of: (i) the Accumulating Event (the "Up Range Accumulating Level"); or (ii) the Consolidation 
Effect (the "Up Range Consolidation Level"); or (iii) the Digital Event (the "Up Range Digital Level"); or (iv) 
the Knock-in Event (the "Up Range Knock-in Level"); or (v) the Knock-out Event (the "Up Range Knock-out 
Level"); or (vi) the Memory Effect (the "Up Range Memory Level"); or (vii) the Participation Remuneration 
Event (the "Up Range Participation Remuneration Level"); or (viii) the Early Redemption Event (the "Up 
Range Early Redemption Level"); or (ix) the Switch Event (the "Up Range Switch Level"). The Up Range 
Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent percentage value (in 
relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a predetermined value. If there are more 
Underlyings, the applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Up Range Level for each Underlying; 
Upper Barrier Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the occurrence of 
the Barrier Event. Such value may be set as: 
(i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) a number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Valuation Date means one or more Exchange Business Days on which the Value of the Underlying is registered 
for the purpose of the calculation of the Final Reference Value (pursuant to the terms specified below in the 
definition of Final Reference Value) and of the Cash Settlement Amount (provided that, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event has not occurred), as specified in the relevant Final Terms from 
time to time. 
If, on a Valuation Date, a Market Disruption Event (as defined below) occurs, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Value means the level, price, amount or such other value (e.g. Intraday Value) of the Underlying used for the 
purposes of the determination of the Reference Value, Initial Reference Value or Final Reference Value, as the 
case may be; 
Variable Management Fee or VMF means, if applied by the Issuer in relation to Benchmark Certificates, a fee 
charged to the investor at the particular time "t" determined on the basis of the AMF Percentage and of the VMF 
Percentaget.  
The Calculation Agent will deduct the VMF accrued from the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to Condition 
24 (Pay-out provisions).  
The VMF will be calculated as follows:

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
VMFt=∏
(100% −
𝐴𝑀𝐹 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒
365.25
− 
𝑉𝑀𝐹 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑡
365.25
)
𝑡
𝑡∈(𝑡0,𝑡0+1,…….,𝑡)
 
Where: 
"t" is the date related to each calendar day when the VMFt is determined. 
"VMF Percentaget" means the percentage identified from time to time by the Calculation Agent within a range 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, considering that: 
- 
at t = 0 (i.e. at the Issue Date), the VMF Percentage0 is equal to 0;  
- 
at t=1 (i.e. the first calendar day following the Issue Date) the VMF Percentage1 is equal to the 
percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
- 
thereafter, the VMF Percentaget remains constant on each calendar day "t" until new communication. It 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent so as to not exceed the percentage indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Calculation Agent may update the VMF Percentaget at its reasonable 
discretion, within the range indicated in the applicable Final Terms, considering the prevailing market 
conditions. The variations of the VMF Percentaget will be notified to the relevant exchange where the 
Certificates are listed/traded and published on the website of the Issuer; 
Worst Of Feature means the determination method that may be specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. If the Worst Of Feature applies, the Calculation Agent will select the Worst Of Underlying to determine: 
(i) 
the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the event that triggers such Remuneration 
Amount; and/or  
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation of such 
Settlement Amount; and/or  
(iv) 
the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect. 
In addition, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Worst Of Feature may apply in relation to any or all 
the relevant valuation periods; 
Worst Of Underlying means, in the case of Worst Of Feature, the Underlying with the first, second or third 
(and so on, depending on the number of the Underlyings) worst Performance of the Underlying in respect of the 
Performance of the other Underlyings. In the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will indicate for each Series 
whether it will take into account the Underlying with the first worst Performance (in such case, this will be 
named Worst Of Underlying), the second worst Performance (in such case, this will be named Second Worst Of 
Underlying) or the third worst Performance (in such case, a this will be named Third Worst Of Underlying) 
and so on. Upon selection of the Worst Of Underlying by the Calculation Agent the investors will be informed 
pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices); 
Yield of Government Bond means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the yield (of a Government 
Bond) that may constitute the Underlying of Govies Securities, published from time to time by the relevant 
information source specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such yield is not published or announced at the 
relevant time on such information source, either (i) the successor or alternative information source or (ii) the 
determination method to be carried out by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
4. 
Physical Delivery provisions 
(A) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
delivery of the Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having occurred and 
continuing on any Settlement Date, then such Settlement Date for such Securities shall be postponed to 
the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption 
Event, provided that the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Security by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it 
may select and in such event the Settlement Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in 
connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Settlement Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by the 
Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Settlement Date. For so long as delivery 
of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to 
satisfy and discharge its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant 
Securityholder of the Settlement Disruption Amount (as defined below) on the third Business Day 
following the date that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices). Payment of the Settlement Disruption Amount will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). The Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 
(Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Settlement Disruption Event. No 
Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Security in the event of any 
delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Settlement Disruption Amount in respect of any relevant Security shall be the fair market value of 
such Security (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of 
the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets have been duly 
delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost 
of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion plus, if already paid, in the case of Warrants, the Premium (or, where as provided 
above some Relevant Assets have been delivered and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro 
rata portion); and  
Settlement Disruption Event means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event beyond the 
control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using 
the method specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(B) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, 
following the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is 
impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the Affected 
Relevant Assets) comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for the Relevant Assets (a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), then: 
(a) 
subject as provided elsewhere in these Conditions as amended by the applicable Final Terms, 
any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the 
originally designated Settlement Date in accordance with Condition 19(C) or Condition 22(D), 
as applicable, and, in the case of Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
appropriate pro rata portion of the Premium to be paid by the relevant Securityholder in 
respect of that partial settlement; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding 
any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations 
in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant Securityholder of the Failure to 
Deliver Settlement Price (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that 
notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 
(Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 9 (Notices) that the provisions of this Condition 4(B) apply. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Failure to Deliver Settlement Price means, in respect of any relevant Security, the fair 
market value of such Security (taking into account, the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above), less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion plus, in the case of Warrants and if 
already paid, the Premium (or, where as provided above some Relevant Assets have been 
delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion). 
(C) 
Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement 
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Securities, upon a valid exercise of Securities in accordance with these Conditions, the Issuer may, at 
its sole and unfettered discretion, in respect of each such Security, elect not to pay the relevant 
Securityholders the Cash Settlement Amount or not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to 
the relevant Securityholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement or make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date to the relevant 
Securityholders, as the case may be. Notification of such election will be given to Securityholders no 
later than 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the second Business Day following (a) the Actual Exercise 
Date for Warrants or (b) the Exercise Date for Certificates in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) 
and/or, at the option of the Issuer, if applicable, in accordance with the contact details for a 
Securityholder specified in its Exercise Notice (in the case of a Warrant) or Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice (in the case of a Certificate and if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms). 
(D) 
Intervening Period

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
If the Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Securities comprises Relevant Assets which are 
shares or debt instruments, for such period of time after the Settlement Date as any person other than 
the relevant Securityholder shall continue to be the legal owner of such securities (the Intervening 
Period), neither the Issuer nor any other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure 
delivery to the relevant Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such securities or any 
other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever 
received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such securities or (ii) be under any obligation to 
exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such securities 
during the Intervening Period. 
(E) 
General 
None of the Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility for any 
errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount or of any Entitlement. 
The purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights (whether in 
respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Securityholder or 
any other person as the registered holder in respect of any shares comprised in any Entitlement in the 
register of members of the relevant Share Company. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Share Company means, in relation to a Share, the company that has issued such share.  
(F) 
Italian Dematerialised Securities 
This Condition 4 (Physical Delivery provisions) shall not apply to Italian Dematerialised Securities, 
which shall be settled by way of cash settlement only.  
5. 
Illegality and force majeure 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Securities or that any 
arrangements made to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities have, become (i) illegal in 
whole or in part for any reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, 
flood, severe weather conditions, or a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state occurring after the 
Trade Date, impossible or impracticable, the Issuer may cancel the Securities by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices).  
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in these Conditions be or become invalid, the 
validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
If the Issuer cancels the Securities pursuant to an illegality then the Issuer will, if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by 
such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of the Securities, as the case may be 
(the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities), notwithstanding such illegality, less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
(including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), plus, in the case of Warrants 
and if already paid by or on behalf of a Securityholder, the Premium, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (such costs shall not be applicable in case of Italian 
Traded Securities). Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Notices).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
If the Issuer cancels the Securities by reason of a force majeure event or an act of state, then the Issuer 
will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect 
of each Security held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Security, as the case may be (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities), taking into account the 
applicable force majeure event or act of state, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any 
cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements) plus, in the case of Warrants and if already 
paid by or on behalf of a Securityholder, the Premium, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion (such costs shall not be applicable in case of Italian Traded Securities). 
Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices). 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the early 
exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements  
(including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if 
required, as specified in Condition 22(C)(ii) below).  
6. 
Hedging Disruption 
In respect of the Securities linked to one or more Underlying(s), the Issuer or one of its affiliates may 
be unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
equity price risk (or any other relevant price risk including, but not limited to, the currency risk) of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities; or (b) freely realize, recover, 
receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of hedge positions as the case may be between 
accounts within the jurisdiction of the hedge position (the "Affected Jurisdiction") or from accounts 
within the Affected Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction. 
In case of the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption relating to an Underlying asset (the "Affected 
Underlying") the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities (hereafter, an 
"Early Redemption Event"). In that case where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the 
Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
amount on the basis of the fair market value of the Securities (the bid-value in case of Italian 
Traded Securities); 
(ii) 
replace the Affected Underlying by a new underlying which is representative of the same 
economic or geographic sector. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the early 
exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if 
required, as specified in Condition 22(C)(ii) below). 
7. 
Purchases and Cancellation 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open market or 
by tender or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for 
cancellation.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
In relation to Certificates which qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the Issuer 
may, but is not obliged to, at any time repurchase Securities in compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 22(C)(ii) below).  
8. 
Agents, Determinations, Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
(A) 
Security Agents and Registrar 
The specified offices of the Security Agents and Registrar are as set out at the end of these Conditions. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Security Agent 
and to appoint further or additional Security Agents, provided that no termination of appointment of the 
Principal Security Agent shall become effective until a replacement Principal Security Agent shall have 
been appointed and provided that, so long as any of the Securities are listed on any stock exchange or 
admitted to trading or listing by any other relevant authority, there shall be a Security Agent having a 
specified office in each location required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority and, for so long as there are any Registered Securities outstanding, there will at 
all times be a Registrar. Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified 
office of any Security Agent or Registrar will be given to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
9 (Notices) provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of 
any such termination or changes. In acting under the Agency Agreement, each Security Agent and the 
Registrar acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders and any Security Agent’s determinations 
and calculations in respect of the Securities shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
The Agency Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto, but without the consent of the 
Securityholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any 
defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties may mutually deem necessary 
or desirable and which shall not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. 
(B) 
Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be the Issuer or another entity) 
acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of 
agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders. All calculations and determinations made in respect of 
the Securities by the Calculation Agent shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and 
the Securityholders. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions 
to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
(C) 
Determinations by the Issuer 
Any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions shall be made in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
(D) 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
(i) The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Securityholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Securities or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer. The provisions for convening meetings of the 
Securityholders contained in the Agency Agreement, shall apply, mutatis mutandis, also to the 
Italian Dematerialised Securities. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority of the Securities for the 
time being outstanding or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Securityholders whatever the number or Securities so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Securities 
(including modifying the date of exercise of the Securities, reducing or cancelling the Cash 
Settlement Amount in respect of the Securities or altering the currency of payment of the 
Securities other than pursuant to Condition 16), the quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds of the Securities for the time being outstanding or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third of the 
Securities for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of 
the Securityholders shall be binding on all the Securityholders, whether or not they are present at 
the meeting save in the case of American Style Warrants, for those Warrants remaining 
outstanding but for which an Exercise Notice shall have been submitted prior to the date of the 
meeting. 
In respect of Italian Dematerialised Securities, for the purposes of (i) ascertaining the right to 
attend and vote at any meeting of the Securityholders and (ii) the determination of how many 
Italian Dematerialised Securities are outstanding for the purposes of this Condition, those Italian 
Dematerialised Securities which are beneficially held by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and not 
cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding 
provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that this shall not prejudice any rights of the Issuer and its 
respective legal and financial advisers to attend and speak at any such meeting. 
The Principal Security Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Securityholders to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Securities or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Securities or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(ii) This Condition 8(D)(ii) applies to Certificates qualified as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
Requirements at the time of the issuance. If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs 
and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgment of 
the Italian Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given 
to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of the such Certificates of that Series) and having given not 
less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Paying Agent and the 
Securityholders of the Certificates of that Series, which notice shall be irrevocable, at any time 
either substitute all (but not some only) of such Certificates, or vary the terms of such Certificates 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Certificates (as defined above),

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Securityholders shall be required for a substitution 
or variation (as applicable) of such Certificates in accordance with this Condition 8(D)(ii). 
9. 
Notices 
All notices to Securityholders shall be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Securities or 
Registered Securities in definitive form are issued, the notice is delivered to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, for communication by them to the Securityholders; (ii) if and so long as the 
Securities are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the notice is published in accordance with the 
rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (which shall include publication on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu); (iii) if and so long as the Securities are 
admitted to trading on stock exchanges other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any such other stock exchange (or any 
other relevant authority) on which the Securities are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading; (iv) in the case of Registered Securities in definitive form if sent by first class 
mail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the 
Register; and (v) if and so long as the Securities are Italian Dematerialised Securities, as long as the 
Securities are held through Monte Titoli, the notice shall be deemed to have been duly given if given 
through the systems of Monte Titoli. If Definitive Securities are issued, notices to Securityholders will 
be deemed validly given if published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the date of publication, as the case may be, or, if published more than once, on the date 
of the first publication. 
10. 
Expenses and Taxation 
(A) 
A holder of Securities must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository 
charges, transaction or exercise charges, sale commissions, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the exercise and settlement of 
such Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities and/or the delivery or transfer of the 
Entitlement, as applicable (Expenses) relating to such Securities. 
(B) 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Security 
by any person and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
(C) 
A holder of Securities must provide the Issuer with sufficient information and all reasonable assistance 
necessary (for, and pay all costs associated with), compliance by the Issuer with Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered 
into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code. If the Issuer or any other 
relevant withholding agent determines that a withholding pursuant to FATCA or U.S. dividend 
equivalent tax legislations under Section 871(m) is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding 
agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  
11. 
Further Issues

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Securityholders to create and 
issue further Securities so as to be consolidated with and form a single series with the outstanding 
Securities. 
12. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(A) 
Substitution of Issuer 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer (or any previously substituted 
company from time to time) shall, without the consent of the Securityholders, be entitled at any time to 
substitute for the Issuer any other company (the Substitute) as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Securities provided that (i) all action, conditions and 
things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to 
ensure that the Securities represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute 
have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; (ii) the Substitute shall have 
assumed all obligations arising from or in connection with the Securities and shall have become a party 
to the Agency Agreement, with any consequential amendments; (iii) the obligations of the Substitute in 
respect of the Securities shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer; (iv) each 
stock exchange or listing authority on which the Securities are listed shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute the Securities would continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; and (v) the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days’ prior notice of the date of such 
substitution to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices); and (vi) in relation to 
Certificates which qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, if required by the 
Relevant Regulations, the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority. 
(B) 
Modification of Conditions as a result of Substitution of Issuer 
After any substitution or change of branch pursuant to Condition 12(A) (Substitution of Issuer), the 
Conditions will be modified in all consequential respects including, but not limited to, replacement of 
references to the Republic of Italy in the Conditions where applicable, by references to the country of 
incorporation, domicile and/or residence for tax purposes of the Substitute or the new branch, as the 
case may be. Such modifications shall be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 
(Notices). 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Securities and the Agency Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Securities and the Agency Agreement) are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with English law. Notwithstanding this, (i) in respect of Italian Dematerialised Securities, 
the registration and transfer of the Italian Dematerialised Securities in Monte Titoli will be governed 
by, and will be construed in accordance with, Italian law, and, (ii) in respect of the loss absorption 
provisions described in Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of Italian Bail-in Power) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such provisions will be governed by, and 
will be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Securities 
(including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Securities and the Agency Agreement) (Proceedings), the Issuer irrevocably 
submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and hereby waives any objection to 
Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum. These submissions are for the benefit of each of the 
Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
The Issuer hereby appoints Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch which is presently at 90 Queen 
Street, London EC4N 1SA, as its agent for service of process and undertakes that, in the event of Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person as its agent for service 
of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer, if any, for payment of principal, interest and/or remuneration in respect of the 
Certificates shall become void unless made within 60 months from the Exercise Date and no claims 
shall be made after such date. 
15. 
Terms of the Securities 
15(1) 
Market Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Intraday Value of an Underlying cannot be determined at 
any time, for the purposes of determining the Performance, or on any Early Redemption Valuation 
Period and/or Switch Valuation Period and/or Barrier Event Determination Period and/or a Barrier Gap 
Observation Period (in the case of Gap Certificates) by reason of the occurrence of an event giving rise 
to a Market Disruption Event (as described in the following sub-conditions), then the Intraday Value at 
such time on such period shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the Performance or the 
occurrence of the Early Redemption Event and/or Switch Event and/or Barrier Event or Barrier Gap 
Event (in the case of Gap Certificates), as the case may be. 
15(1)(A) Market Disruption Event in relation to Index Securities  
Definitions 
"Index Constituent" means any security or other asset constituting an Index; and 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, any regulated or non-regulated market where the 
options, futures or repo contracts on such Index are traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Market Disruption Events occurring during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date and occurring at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Exchange Business Day: 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(A), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
any suspension of, or relevant limitation imposed on (a) any transaction on the relevant

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Exchange or (b) trading of a concrete amount of Index Constituents traded on the relevant 
Exchanges; 
(ii) 
any suspension of, or relevant limitation imposed on, trading of futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on a Related Exchange; 
(iii) 
any event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) that disrupts or impairs the ability of 
market participants in general to affect transactions (a) in relation to or to obtaining market 
values for, the Index on the relevant Exchange, or (b) in or obtaining market values for, 
options contracts or futures contracts on or relating to such Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
(iv) 
the opening on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its scheduled opening time unless such earlier opening time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the 
actual opening time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline (if applicable) 
for orders to be entered into with the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution on 
such Exchange Business Day; and 
(v) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to 
be entered into with the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
If the Calculation Agent determines, during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date, that a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on which 
the Market Disruption Event ceases.  
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Indices if the Market Disruption Event has occurred but it is 
not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to determine the official level of the Index the 
Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each single 
Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the 
Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine  
(i)  
in the case of Securities relating to a single Index, the official level of the Index as of the 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event occurred on that eighth 
Exchange Business Day (in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Market Disruption Event), or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Indices:  
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred 
(if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the official 
level of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange Business Day originally 
expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred, but 
it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) on the date on which the 
Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur, or on that eighth Exchange Business 
Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred and it 
is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the 
official level of each Basket Constituent on that eighth Exchange Business Day on 
which the Market Disruption Event occurred, 
in all cases in accordance with the fair market value of the Index affected by the 
Market Disruption Event, using the formula for and the method of calculating each 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Market Disruption Event. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried out also 
in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(A), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date means 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above in 15(1)(A) on 
a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the 
first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately 
following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a Market Disruption 
Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following the Determination Date

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer reserves the right for any reason 
to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the first 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately following 
the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities relating to a single 
Index, the official closing level of the Index for the purposes of determining the Initial 
Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Indices, the official 
closing level of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference 
Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the Index affected 
by the Market Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period before the 
Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the 
value of such index or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice.  
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried 
out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
index level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and 
the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any events pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii), by way of a 
notice published on the Issuer's website www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(B) Market Disruption Event in relation to Share Securities  
Definitions 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, any regulated or non-regulated market where the 
options, futures or repo contracts on such Share are traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Market Disruption Events occurring during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date and occurring at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Exchange Business Day: 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(B), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
any suspension of, or relevant limitation (as determined by the Calculation Agent) imposed on 
(a) any transaction on the relevant Reference Source or (b) trading of the Share traded on the 
relevant Reference Source;

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(ii) 
any suspension of or relevant limitation imposed on trading of futures or options contracts 
relating to a Share on a Related Exchange; 
(iii) 
any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general (a) to affect transactions in relation to or to obtaining market 
values for the Share on the relevant Reference Source or (ii) to affect transactions in or 
obtaining market values for options contracts or futures contracts on or relating to such Share 
on any relevant Related Exchange; 
(iv) 
the opening on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Reference Source or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its scheduled opening time unless such earlier opening time is announced 
by such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) 
the actual opening time for the regular trading session on such Reference Source(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline (if applicable) 
for orders to be entered into with the Reference Source or Related Exchange system for 
execution on such Exchange Business Day; and 
(v) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Reference Source or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Source(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline (if applicable) 
for orders to be entered into with the Reference Source or Related Exchange system for 
execution on such Exchange Business Day. 
If the Calculation Agent determines, during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date, that a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred pursuant to 15(1)(B) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, then the Exchange Business Day on 
which the Market Disruption Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business 
Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases.  
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares if the Market Disruption Event has occurred but it is 
not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to determine the official level of the Basket of 
Shares the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the official level of each Basket 
Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each single 
Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Share, the value for the Share as of the Exchange 
Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event occurred on that eighth Exchange 
Business Day, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred 
(if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the official 
level of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange Business Day originally 
expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred, but 
it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) on the date on which the 
Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur, or on that eighth Exchange Business 
Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred and it 
is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the 
official level of each Basket Constituent on that eighth Exchange Business Day on 
which the Market Disruption Event occurred. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried out also 
in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(B), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date means 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above in 15(1)(B) on 
a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the 
first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately 
following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a Market Disruption 
Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following the Determination Date 
originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer reserves the right for any reason 
to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the first 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately following 
the Determination Date originally expected. 
If, on the Determination Date the Market Disruption Event is also continuing, the Calculation

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities relating to a single 
Share, the official closing price of the Share for the purposes of determining the Initial 
Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, the official 
closing price of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference 
Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the Share affected 
by the Market Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period before the 
Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the 
value of such Share, or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried 
out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Share level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and 
the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 15(1)(B), by 
way of a notice published on the Issuer's website www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(C) Market Disruption Event in relation to Commodity Securities  
Definitions 
"Commodity Reference Dealers Price" means the price for the Reference Value determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of four quotations provided by Reference Dealers on the Relevant Time 
for a unit of the relevant Commodity. If four quotations are provided, the price for that Reference Value 
will be the arithmetic mean of the price for that Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer, 
without regard to the prices having the highest and lowest value; if exactly three quotations are 
provided, the Commodity Reference Dealers Price will be the price provided by the relevant Reference 
Dealer that remains after disregarding the prices having the highest value or the lowest value. For this 
purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such 
quotations shall be disregarded. If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the 
price for that Relevant Time cannot be determined. 
"Fallback Reference Value" means the Reference Value calculated following a Market Disruption 
Event; 
"Other Exchange" means, with respect to a Commodity, each exchange, trading system or quotation 
system other than the Reference Source on which such Commodity is listed, traded or quoted; 
"Reference Dealers" means in the event that the Reference Value shall be determined as a Commodity 
Reference Dealers Price, four leading leaders in the relevant market, other than the Reference Source, 
selected by the Calculation Agent;  
"Reference Price" means an amount equal to the official price of the relevant Commodity resulting 
from the listing made by the Reference Source on the Exchange Business Day which is used by the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Reference Value; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Commodity, any regulated or non-regulated market where 
the options, futures or repo contracts on such Commodity are traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Commodity, the relevant time by reference to which the 
Calculation Agent determines the price or value of such Commodity for the purposes of determining 
the Reference Value; and

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
"Relevant Country" means, each of: 
(i) 
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in which a Reference Currency or 
the Settlement Currency is the legal tender or currency; and 
(ii) 
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) with which a Commodity, or the 
Reference Source, has a material connection and, in determining what is material the Calculation 
Agent may, without limitation, refer to such factor(s) as it may deem appropriate, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Capitalised terms which are not defined in this 15(1)(C) shall have the same meaning as of Condition 3 
(Definitions). 
Market Disruption Events occurring during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date and occurring at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Exchange Business Day: 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(C), Market Disruption Events means the following events determining 
the impossibility for the Calculation Agent to calculate during the Relevant Time the Reference Value: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence on any Final Valuation Day at the Relevant Time for such 
commodity or at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Relevant Time 
for such Commodity: 
(A) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on all trading (whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference 
Source or any Related Exchange or otherwise): 
a) 
in all contracts on a Reference Source; or  
b) 
in options contracts or futures contracts on a Related Exchange 
relating to a Commodity; or 
c) 
in connection with the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
the Reference Source or any Related Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Reference Source or such Related Exchange, as 
the case may be, at least one hour prior to (a) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Reference Source or 
such Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day or, if 
earlier, (b) the submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be 
entered into the Reference Source or such Related Exchange system 
for execution at the Relevant Time on such Exchange Business 
Day. A "Scheduled Closing Time" is the scheduled weekday 
closing time of the relevant Reference Source or Related Exchange, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the 
regular trading session hours; or,

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(B) 
of any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to affect transactions in 
relation to or to obtaining market values for the relevant Commodity on the 
relevant Reference Source, or to affect transactions in or obtain market 
values for options contracts or futures contracts on the Related Exchange 
relating to such Commodity; or 
(C)  
of a failure of the Reference Source to announce or publish the Reference 
Price (or the information necessary for determining the Reference Price), or 
the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the 
Reference Price, or if the Commodity Reference Dealers Price is applicable, 
the failure to obtain at least three quotations from the relevant Reference 
Dealers, or if the Reference Value determined on the basis of Reference 
Price materially differs from the Reference Value determined on the basis of 
the Commodity Reference Dealers Price; or 
(D)  
of a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating the 
Reference Price by the Reference Source; or 
(ii) 
the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-
added, transfer, stamp. documentary, (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to 
overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the Issue 
Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the 
price or value of the Commodity on the day that would otherwise be a Relevant Time 
from what it would have been without that imposition, change or removal.  
(iii) 
any government or supervisory authority (a) imposes any controls or announces its 
intention to impose any controls or (b) (i) implements or announces its intention to 
implement or (ii) changes or announces its intention to change the interpretation or 
administration of any laws or regulations, in each case which the Calculation Agent 
determines is likely to affect the Issuer's ability to acquire, hold, transfer or realise 
such Commodity or otherwise to affect transactions in relation to such Commodity. 
If the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists pursuant 
to 15(1)(C) (i), (ii) and (iii) above during the Relevant Time on a day that is an Exchange Business Day, and in 
particular during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event Determination Period, the Barrier 
Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation 
Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet 
Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period, the Participation Rebate Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in 
Valuation Period, the Restrike Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, 
Accumulated Valuation Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, 
Participation Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date, then, a Disruption Fallback 
(as defined below) method may apply. 
The Fallback Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the first applicable Disruption Fallback 
(applied in accordance with its terms), according to the order below, being each of the following method listed 
under (i), (ii) (iii) and (iv), a "Disruption Fallback" with the meaning as follows: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent determines the Fallback Reference Value based on the price for that Relevant 
Time provided by a suitable market recognised dealer not subject to a Market Disruption Event; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent, promptly upon becoming aware of the Market Disruption Event, determines in 
good faith the Fallback Reference Value (or a method for determining the Fallback Reference Value), 
and, if the Calculation Agent is not able to determine the Fallback Reference Value before the fifth

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Business Day following the date on which that Market Disruption Event occurred or existed, the next 
applicable Disruption Fallback shall apply; 
(iii)  
the Fallback Reference Value is determined on the basis of the Commodity Reference Dealers Price; 
(iv) 
the Issuer terminates its obligations under the relevant Commodity Security and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant termination amount pursuant to methods set out under Condition 4. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the disruption 
occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried out also in connection with 
the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(C), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date means 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) above in 15(1)(C) on a 
Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the 
first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately 
following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a Market Disruption 
Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following the Determination Date 
originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer reserves the right for any reason 
to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the first 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately following 
the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities relating to a single 
Commodity, the Reference Value of the Commodity for the purposes of determining the Initial 
Reference Value, or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Commodities, the 
Reference Value of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes of determining the Initial 
Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the 
Commodity affected by the Market Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the 
period before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market 
Disruption Event on the value of such Commodity, or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market 
practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried 
out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
commodity level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, 
and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 15(1)(C), by 
way of a notice published on the Issuer's website www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
15(1)(D) Market Disruption Event in relation to Futures Contract Securities 
 
Market Disruption Events occurring during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date and occurring at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Exchange Business Day: 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(D), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
any disruption or any temporary or permanent discontinuance of the Reference Source (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent),  
(ii) 
any failure by the Reference Source to publish any relevant price of the Future contract,  
(iii) 
any suspension or limitation imposed on trading in the Future contract or in any other future or 
option contracts on the relevant exchanges; 
(iv) 
any discontinuance of trading in Future contracts, 
(v) 
the unavailability of the Reference Value, 
(vi) 
any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general to affect transactions in relation to or obtain market values for 
the Future contract;  
If the Calculation Agent determines, during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date, that a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred pursuant to 15(1)(D) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above, then the Exchange Business Day on 
which the Market Disruption Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business 
Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases.  
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Future Contracts if the Market Disruption Event has 
occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to determine the official 
level of the Basket of Future Contracts the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the 
official level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each single

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the 
Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Future Contract, the Reference Value of the Future 
Contract as of the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event occurred on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Future Contracts: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred 
(if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the Reference 
Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange Business Day originally 
expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred, but 
it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the Reference Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the date on which 
the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur, or on that eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred and it 
is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the 
Reference Value of each Basket Constituent on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
on which the Market Disruption Event occurred. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried out also 
in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(D), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date means 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above in 
15(1)(D) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the 
first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately 
following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a Market Disruption 
Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following the Determination Date 
originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer reserves the right for any reason 
to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled;

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the first 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately following 
the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities relating to a single 
Future Contract, the Reference Value of the Future Contract for the purposes of determining 
the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Future 
Contracts, the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes of determining the 
Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the 
Future Contract affected by the Market Disruption determined using the quoted prices from 
the period before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market 
Disruption Event on the value of such Future Contract, or (y) pursuant to the reasonable 
market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried 
out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Future Contract level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the 
Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 15(1)(D), by 
way of a notice published on the Issuer's website www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(E) Market Disruption Event in relation to Exchange Rate Securities 
 
Definitions 
"Fallback Exchange Rate" means the Exchange Rate calculated by the Calculation Agent following a 
Market Disruption Event. 
"Other Exchange" means, with respect to an Exchange Rate, each exchange, trading system or 
quotation system other than the Reference Source on which the relevant Exchange Rate is listed, traded 
or quoted; 
"Reference Currency" means, with respect to an Exchange Rate, each currency specified in such an 
Exchange Rate; 
"Related Exchange" means, with respect to an Exchange Rate, any exchange, trading system, 
quotation system or non-regulated market on which options contracts, futures or repo contracts on the 
relevant Exchange Rate are traded as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Exchange Rate, the relevant time by reference to which 
the Calculation Agent determines the price or value of such Exchange Rate for the purposes of 
determining the Reference Value; 
"Relevant Country" means, with respect to each Exchange Rate, each of: 
(i) 
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in which a Reference Currency 
for the Exchange Rate or the Settlement Currency is the legal tender or currency; and 
(ii)  
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in which a Reference Currency 
for the Exchange Rate or the Reference Source has a material connection and, in determining 
what is material the Calculation Agent may, without limitation, refer to such factor(s) as it 
may deem appropriate;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"First Currency" means the currency appearing in the first position in an Exchange Rate; and 
"Second Currency" means the currency appearing in the second position in an Exchange Rate. 
Market Disruption Events occurring during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date and occurring at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Exchange Business Day: 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(E), Market Disruption Events means the occurrence of the following 
events under which it becomes impossible to calculate the Exchange Rate at the Relevant Time, and in 
particular: 
A 
the occurrence or existence on any Exchange Business Day at the Relevant Time for 
the Exchange Rate or at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Relevant 
Time for such Exchange Rate: 
(a) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading (whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding the limits permitted by the relevant Reference 
Source or any Related Exchange or otherwise): 
(i) 
of a Second Currency, for its conversion into the relevant First 
Currency, on the Reference Source or any Other Exchange; or 
(ii) 
in options contracts or futures contracts relating to a Second 
Currency, for its conversion into the relevant First Currency, on any 
Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
of any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to affect transactions in 
relation to or to obtaining market values for a Second Currency, for its 
conversion into the relevant First Currency, on the relevant Reference 
Source or affecting transactions in or obtain market values for options 
contracts or futures contracts on or relating to such Second Currency, for its 
conversion into the First Currency, on any Related Exchange;  
B 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Reference Source or any Related 
Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Reference Source or such Related Exchange, as the case may be, 
at least one hour prior to (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Reference Source or such Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day or, 
if earlier, (b) the submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with 
the Reference Source or such Related Exchange system for execution at the Relevant 
Time on such Exchange Business Day. A "Scheduled Closing Time" is the 
scheduled weekday closing time of the relevant Reference Source or Related 
Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
trading session hours. 
If the Calculation Agent determines, during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date, that a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred pursuant to 15(1)(E) (1) and (2) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event ceases.  
The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, will determine 
the Fallback Exchange Rate taking into consideration all available information that in good faith it 
deems relevant. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried out also 
in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(E), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date means 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (1) and (2) above in 15(1)(E) on a 
Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the 
first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately 
following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a Market Disruption 
Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following the Determination Date 
originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer reserves the right for any reason 
to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the first 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately following 
the Determination Date originally expected. 
If also on the Determination Date the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities relating to a single 
Exchange Rate, the Reference Value of the Exchange Rate for the purposes of the determining 
the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Exchange 
Rates, the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes of the determining the 
Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the 
Exchange Rate affected by the Market Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the 
period before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market 
Disruption Event on the value of such Exchange Rate, or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
practice.  
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried 
out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Exchange Rate level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the 
Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 15(1)(E), by 
way of a notice published on the Issuer's website https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/. 
15(1)(F) Market Disruption Events in relation to Fund Securities 
Market Disruption Events occurring during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date and occurring at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Exchange Business Day: 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(F), Market Disruption Events means the occurrence of the following 
events: 
(i) 
the failure to publish or determine (a) the net asset value of the Fund or (b) if applicable, the 
closing auction price relating to each Exchange Traded Fund; 
(ii) 
the failure to open for trading and the permanent discontinuance of trading in the Fund (in the 
case of an Exchange Traded Fund); 
(iii) 
any substantial limitation on trading in the Fund on the relevant exchanges (in the case of 
Exchange Traded Fund); 
(iv) 
any other event similar to the events set out above which makes it impossible or impracticable 
for the Calculation Agent to perform its duties pursuant to the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines, during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date, that a Market Disruption Event has

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
occurred pursuant to 15(1)(F) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, then the Exchange Business Day is 
postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases. 
The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, will determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Fund, its good faith estimate value for that Fund on 
the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Funds:  
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred 
(if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the value of 
such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange Business Day originally expected, or on 
that Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases for all 
Basket Constituents;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred, but 
it is not continuing on the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption 
Event ceases for all Basket Constituents, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty 
to determine the value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the date on which the Market 
Disruption Event has ceased to occur for that single Basket Constituent(s), or on that 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases for all Basket 
Constituents; or,  
 
in all cases acting in good faith in order to determine its good faith estimate value of each 
Basket Constituent on the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
ceases, using (where available) the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day 
and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such 
Fund. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried out also 
in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(F), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date means 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i) (ii), (iii) and (iv) above in 15(1)(F) on a 
Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the 
first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately 
following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a Market Disruption 
Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following the Determination Date 
originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer reserves the right for any reason 
to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the first 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately following 
the Determination Date originally expected.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
If, on the Determination Date the Market Disruption Event is also continuing, the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities relating to a single 
Fund, the Reference Value of the Fund for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference 
Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Funds, the Reference Value of the 
Basket Constituent, for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, 
in either case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the Fund affected by the Market 
Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day and 
taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such 
Fund, or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried 
out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Fund level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and 
the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 15(1)(F), by 
way of a notice published on the Issuer's website www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(G)Market Disruption Event in relation to Interest Rate Securities  
Market Disruption Events occurring during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date and occurring at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Exchange Business Day: 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(G), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
the permanent discontinuance or the failure to publish, determine, substitute the Interest Rate, 
provided that if such failure is an Adjustment Event pursuant to the following 15(2), such 
event will be considered an Adjustment Event and not a Market Disruption Event; and 
(ii) 
any other event similar to the events set out above which makes it impossible or impracticable 
for the Calculation Agent to perform its duties pursuant to the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines, during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date, that a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred pursuant to 15(1)(G) (i) and (ii) above, then the Calculation Agent shall identify in good faith 
and according to the best market practices a substitutive suitable Interest Rate for the purposes of such 
determination, or, in the event that no substitutive suitable Interest Rate can be validly identified, then 
the Exchange Business Day is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event ceases. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Interest Rates if the Market Disruption Event has occurred 
but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth Exchange Business Day 
from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to determine the Reference Value of the 
Basket Constituent the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the official level of each 
Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each single 
Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the 
Market Disruption Event is continuing, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Interest Rate, the official Reference Value of the 
Interest Rate, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Interest Rates: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred 
(if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the Reference 
Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange Business Day originally 
expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred, but 
it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the Reference Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the date on which 
the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur, or on that eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred and it 
is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the 
Reference Value of each Basket Constituent on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
on which the Market Disruption Event occurred, 
in all cases in accordance with the fair market value of the Interest Rate affected by the Market 
Disruption Event, using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day and taking 
into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such Interest 
Rate. 
***

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried out also 
in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(G), Market Disruption Event occurring on a Determination Date means:  
(i) 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i) and (ii) above in 15(1)(G) on a 
Determination Date. In such case, Determination Date shall mean the first Exchange Business 
Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately following the Determination 
Date originally expected. However, where a Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the 
five Exchange Business Days following the Determination Date originally expected, the Issuer 
reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant 
to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled. Investors will be notified of the 
occurrence of such event by way of a notice published on the Issuer's website 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com, and 
(ii) 
if, on a Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Interest Rate level is 
equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant Final Terms. In such case, 
the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the 
offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled. Investors will be notified 
of the occurrence of such event by way of a notice published on the Issuer's website 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(H) Market Disruption Events in relation to Govies Securities 
Market Disruption Events occurring during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date and occurring at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Exchange Business Day: 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(H), Market Disruption Events means:  
(i) 
the specified Exchange ceases to list or otherwise include the Government Bond and the 
Government Bond is not listed or otherwise included in any other Exchange, provided that if 
such event is an Adjustment Event pursuant to the following 15(2), such event will be 
considered an Adjustment Event and not a Market Disruption Event;  
(ii) 
the issuer of the Government Bond irreversibly converts those Government Bonds into other 
securities, and such other securities in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent will not 
have the same characteristics of the Government Bond, provided that if such an event is an 
Adjustment Event pursuant to the following 15(2), such event will be considered an 
Adjustment Event and not a Market Disruption Event;

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
(iii) 
any other event similar to the events set out above which makes it impossible or impracticable 
for the Calculation Agent to perform its duties pursuant to the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines, during an Exchange Business Day within the Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital 
Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination 
Period, the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike 
Observation Period, the Switch Valuation Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation 
Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation 
Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, Strike Observation Date, that a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred pursuant to 15(1)(H) (i), (ii) and (iii) above, then the Calculation Agent shall identify in good 
faith and according to the best market practices a substitutive suitable Government Bond for the 
purposes of such determination, or, in the event that no substitutive suitable Government Bond can be 
validly identified, the Exchange Business Day is postponed to the next following Exchange Business 
Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases. 
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Government Bonds if the Market Disruption Event has 
occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituents before the eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to determine the 
Reference Value of the Basket Constituent the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the 
official Value of each Basket Constituent:  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each single 
Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the 
Market Disruption Event is continuing, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Government Bond, the Reference Value of the 
Government Bond as of the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred on that eighth Exchange Business Day, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Government Bonds: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred 
(if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the Reference 
Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange Business Day originally 
expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred, but 
it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
determine the Reference Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the date on which 
the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur, or on that eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred and it 
is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the 
Reference Value of each Basket Constituent on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
on which the Market Disruption Event occurred, 
in all cases in accordance with the fair market value of the Government Bond affected by the 
Market Disruption Event, using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day 
and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such 
Government Bond. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried out also 
in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(H), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date means 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) above in 15(1)(H) on a 
Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the 
first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately 
following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a Market Disruption 
Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following the Determination Date 
originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer reserves the right for any reason 
to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean the first 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately following 
the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities relating to a single 
Government Bond, the official closing Value of the Government Bond for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of 
Government Bonds, the official closing Value of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the 
market value of the Government Bond affected by the Market Disruption determined using the 
quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the 
impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such Government Bond or (y) pursuant 
to the reasonable market practice.  
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and the 
disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be carried 
out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Government Bond Value is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the 
Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any events pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii), by way of a 
notice published on the Issuer's website www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(I) Market Disruption Events in relation to Combined Securities 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(I) Market Disruption Event occurring respectively during an Exchange 
Business Day within the Barrier Event Determination Period, the Barrier Gap Observation 
Period, the Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the 
Accumulating Valuation Period, the Digital Valuation Period, the Consolidation Valuation 
Period, the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the Memory Valuation Period, the 
Cliquet Valuation Period, the Coupon Determination Period, the Participation Remuneration 
Event Valuation Period, the Participation Rebate Valuation Period, the Knock-out Valuation 
Period, the Knock-in Valuation Period, the Restrike Observation Period, the Switch Valuation 
Period or on a Valuation Date, Accumulated Valuation Date, Annual Valuation Date, Buffer 
Valuation Period, Call Valuation Period, Participation Valuation Date, Put Valuation Period, 
Strike Observation Date or on a Determination Date, shall have the same meaning of the foregoing 
Market Disruption Events and will be considered in accordance with the underlyings which are relevant 
for each specific issue. 
15(2) 
Adjustment Events relating to the Underlying and correction provisions in relation to the 
Securities  
If the Underlying is affected by an Adjustment Event, the Issuer will intervene in order to procure that 
the economic value of the Securities following an Adjustment Event is equal, as far as possible, to the 
economic value of the Securities before the occurrence of the Adjustment Event, by applying one of the 
following measures pursuant to the following sub-sections from 15(2)(A) to 15(2)(I). 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred and its negative effects cannot be corrected as described, the 
Issuer may: (i) apply the provisions of Market Disruption Events as detailed under 15(1), or, as 
alternative, (ii) redeem the Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the basis of the market 
value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. The payment will be made in accordance with the method of 
calculation notified to the investor on the Issuer's website.  
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the early 
exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if 
required, as specified in Condition 22(C)(ii) below). 
15(2)(A) Adjustment Events in relation to Index Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(A), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to an Index, the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Calculation of the Index by a Successor Sponsor. 
If the Index Sponsor is replaced by a Successor Sponsor, the Index so calculated and 
announced by such Successor Sponsor will continue to be deemed as the single Underlying or 
the Basket Constituent.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(b) 
Modification of the method of calculation of the Index or substitution with a Successor Index. 
If an Index Sponsor (or a Successor Sponsor, where applicable) substantially modifies the 
method of calculation of the Index or replaces the Index with a Successor Index, the Issuer 
may take one of the following actions which will be notified to the investor by way of a notice 
on its website: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor (or the Successor Sponsor, where applicable) may modify or 
replace the method of calculation by using the same or a substantially similar formula 
in the calculation of the Index, so as to maintain continuity in the values of the Index 
before and after such amendment or replacement (using a connection coefficient) and 
the Securities will not be affected by any correction and will have the modified Index 
(or the Successor Index, as the case may be) as the Underlying; 
(ii) 
the Index Sponsor (or the Successor Sponsor, where applicable) may modify or 
replace the method of calculation resulting in a substantial difference between the 
Index value (as single the Underlying or Basket Constituent) before and after such 
amendment or replacement, the Issuer may correct the Multiplier, using an 
adjustment coefficient as determined by the Index Sponsor, the Successor Sponsor or, 
failing this, by the Issuer. In the case of a Basket, such amendment or replacement 
(also following the correction of the Multiplier) will not affect the weighting of the 
Index as Basket Constituent; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer, in relation to the procedure for the amendment or replacement and in 
relation to the modified Index or Successor Index, does not consider appropriate the 
method of calculation in (i) and (ii) for the purposes of the first paragraph of this 
15(2)(A), the Issuer may redeem the Securities early under payment of an amount 
calculated on the basis of the market value of the Securities. 
(c) 
Cancellation or disruption of the Underlying Index (or the Index as Basket Constituent). 
If the Index Sponsor (or the Successor Sponsor, where applicable) (i) permanently cancels that 
Index, including without limitation following the adoption of a decision to withdraw the 
authorization or registration as set out in Article 35 of the Benchmark Regulation, or (ii) fails 
to calculate and announce that Index, the Issuer may replace the Index with another similar 
Index and, in the case of a Basket, with the same weighting of the Index which is a Basket 
Constituent. In accordance with the index types, the features that the Issuer will consider for 
the purposes of the replacement are the following: 
1 
in case of share indices: 
(i) 
the connection with the same geographical area; 
(ii) 
the connection with the same sector; and 
(iii) 
the method of calculation of the Index; 
2 
in case of currency indices, a similar composition of the Index in relation to currency 
classes and such currency classes may include: 
(i) 
U.S. dollar; 
(ii) 
Euro; 
(iii) 
emerging market countries; 
(iv) 
Asian currencies; and 
(v) 
high-yield currencies (for example, New Zealand dollar); 
3. 
in case of bond indices: 
(i) 
the rating; 
(ii) 
the type of issuer (sovereign or not sovereign);

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
(iii) 
the connection with the same geographical area; 
(iv) 
the connection with the same sector; 
(v) 
the life of the bond composing the index; and 
(vi) 
the type of yield of the bond composing the index (fixed-rate or floating-
rate); 
4. 
in case of commodity indices: 
(i) 
the composition of the Index; and 
(ii) 
the method of calculation of the Index; 
5. 
in case of futures indices: 
(i) 
the composition of the Index; and 
(ii) 
the connection with the same sector; 
6. 
in case of fund indices: 
(i) 
the connection with a monetary area; 
(ii) 
the connection with the same geographical area; 
(iii) 
the connection with the same sector; and 
(iv) 
the method of calculation of the Index; 
7. 
in case of inflation indices, the method of calculation of the Index and if the successor 
index cannot be determined pursuant to such parameter, the Calculation Agent will 
inquire five leading independent dealers to establish which index shall be the 
successor index; 
8. 
in the case of volatility indices and interest rate indices, the composition of the Index. 
If it is not possible to replace such Index, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early pursuant 
to the method set out above. 
(d) 
Any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of the Index. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the early 
exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if 
required, as specified in Condition 22(C)(ii) below). 
15(2)(B) Adjustment Events in relation to Share Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(B), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Share, one or more of 
the following events: 
(a) 
share splits and consolidations; 
(b) 
the increase of corporate capital transactions on a free basis and the increase of corporate 
capital transactions by way of issuance of new shares of the same class as those underlying the 
Securities; 
(c) 
the increase of corporate capital transactions by way of issuance of (i) new shares of a class 
different from those underlying the Securities, (ii) shares with Warrant, (iii) convertible bonds 
and (iv) convertible bonds with Warrant; 
(d) 
merger and de-merger transactions2; 
(e) 
payment of an extraordinary dividend or a spin-off; 
 
2 
For the purposes of a correction in relation to a de-merger, reference should be made to the listed share of the 
company that arises from the de-merger transaction.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
(f) 
any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of the Share 
and/or the rights of the Shareholders. 
In relation to a Share, the Issuer determines the method of correction so that the economic value of the 
Securities after the correction is equal, as far as possible, to the economic value of the Securities before 
the Adjustment Event has occurred. For instance, the Issuer may also use for a single Share one of the 
following correction methods: 
(i) 
in case of a merger (and the shares of the company that arises from the merger remain listed), 
such Share will be replaced with the only Share of the company that arises from the merger; 
(ii) 
in case of a takeover, by way of tender offer, of the company issuing the Share, the price of 
such Share is crystallised until the expiry date of the Securities and will remain equal to the 
value of the Share at the beginning of the tender offer; 
(iii) 
in case of a payment of an extraordinary dividend or a spin-off in relation to the Share, the 
Initial Reference Value will be corrected so the performance of the Share is held constant. 
In relation to a Basket, the correction is made so as to immunise the Basket performance on an 
Adjustment Event occurring, and as a consequence the performance of the Securities will be neutralised 
in relation to the Adjustment Event. In the case of: 
(i) 
a merger between two companies issuing Shares which are both Basket Constituents (and the 
shares of the company that arises from the merger remain listed), such Shares will be replaced 
within the Basket with the only Share of the company that arises from the merger and that 
Share will have a weighting equal to the sum of the weightings of the two Shares; 
(ii) 
a takeover, by way of tender offer, of the company issuing the Share which is a Basket 
Constituent, the price of such Share within the Basket is crystallised until the expiry date of 
the Securities and will remain equal to the value of the Share at the beginning of the tender 
offer; 
(iii) 
a default of a company issuing a Share which is a Basket Constituent (and the consequent 
delisting of such Share), the price of such Share will be equal to zero until the expiry date of 
the Securities; and 
(iv) 
a payment of an extraordinary dividend or a spin-off in relation to a Share which is a Basket 
Constituent, the Initial Reference Value will be corrected so the performance of the Share 
within the relevant Basket is held constant. 
The correction, in relation to a single Adjustment Event, which may affect the Initial Reference Value 
and/or the Multiplier and/or the Share and/or other terms related to the Securities, is made according to 
the following criteria: 
(i) 
where an option contract on the Share affected by the Adjustment Event is traded on a Related 
Exchange, reference will be made to the criteria used by the Related Exchange to make the 
relevant corrections, possibly modified to consider the existing differences between the 
contractual features of the Securities and the option contracts; 
(ii) 
where there are no option contracts on the Share traded on a Related Exchange or in relation to 
which the Issuer does not consider that the method of correction is appropriate for the 
adjustment of the Securities, the terms and conditions of the Securities will be adjusted by the 
Issuer pursuant to international market practice. 
In relation to such adjustments, Securityholders will be notified by the Issuer by way of a notice on the

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
Issuer's website. 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred, whose effects may not be neutralised by way of appropriate 
corrections to the Initial Reference Value and/or the Multiplier and/or the Share and/or other terms 
related to the Securities, the Issuer has the right but not the obligation to: (i) apply the provisions of the 
relevant Market Disruption Events as detailed under 15(1)(B), or, as alternative, (ii) redeem the 
Securities early, paying to each Securityholder, in respect of each Security, a cash amount calculated 
pursuant to the market value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and considering the quoted prices of the Underlying during the eight days before the adjustment 
date, thereby discharging its contractual obligations pursuant to the Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the early 
exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, 
if required, as specified in Condition 22(C)(ii) below). 
15(2)(C) Adjustment Events in relation to Commodity Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(C), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Commodity, one or 
more of the following events: 
(a) 
the Commodity traded on the Reference Source is a different quality or another composition 
(for example, in a different degree of purity); 
(b) 
any other event or measure as a result of which the Commodity, as traded on the Reference 
Source, is changed or altered; 
(c) 
options contracts or futures contracts on or relating to the Commodity as traded on any Related 
Exchange are altered in the manner described under (a) and (b) above; and 
(d) 
any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of the 
Commodity, 
and whether or not any event or measure is an Adjustment Event shall be conclusively determined in 
good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
The Adjustment Event shall be treated as a Market Disruption event and paragraph 15 (1)(C) shall 
apply. 
15(2)(D) Adjustment Events in relation to Future Contracts Securities. 
For the purposes of this 15(2)(D), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Future Contract, one or 
more of the following events: 
(a) 
Calculation of the Future Contract by a third party 
If the price of the Future Contract starts to be calculated and published by an entity other than the 
Reference Source (the "Other Entity"), the Underlying of the Securities will remain as the Future 
Contract selected as such, as calculated by the Other Entity.  
The Securityholders will be notified of the identity of the Other Entity, the terms of the calculation and 
the publication of the Future Contract as calculated by the Other Entity, within eight Business Day after 
the appointment of such Other Entity, by way of a notice on the Issuer's website. 
(b) 
Modification of the features of the Future Contract 
If the Reference Source or the Other Entity substantially modifies the features of the Future Contract,

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
including, without limitation, the formula or the method of calculation of the Reference Value, the 
content, composition or constitution of the underlying of the Future Contract or replaces the Future 
Contract with a new asset, the following may occur: 
(i) 
if the Reference Source (or the Other Entity, where applicable) modifies or replaces so as to 
maintain continuity in the values of the Future Contract before and after such amendment or 
replacement (using a connection coefficient), the Securities will not be affected by any 
correction and will have the modified Future Contract as the Underlying; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Source (or the Other Entity, where applicable) makes the modification or 
replacement resulting in a substantial difference in the value of the Future Contract before 
and after such modification or replacement, the Calculation Agent will correct the Multiplier 
(and/or the Initial Reference Value and/or other terms related to the Securities), so that the 
economic value of the Future Contract is maintained constant, using an adjustment 
coefficient as calculated by the Reference Source of the Future Contract or, failing this, as 
deemed appropriate by the Calculation Agent, acting in its reasonable discretion and in good 
faith, also considering the market practice. In the case of a Basket of Future Contracts, such 
modification or replacement will not affect the weighting of the Future Contract as a Basket 
Constituent; and 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the effects of the modification or replacement 
cannot be deleted by way of the procedure set out in (ii) above, the Issuer will be entitled to 
perform its obligations pursuant to the Securities in accordance with the following 
paragraph. 
(c) 
Cessation of the calculation of the Future Contract 
If the Reference Source or the Other Entity ceases to calculate or publish the Future Contract without 
calculating or publishing a new Future Contract, the Issuer may perform its obligations pursuant to the 
Securities paying to the Securityholders an amount representing the market value of the Securities. 
(d) 
Any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of the Future 
Contract. 
The Securityholders will be notified of the market value of the Securities and the relevant method of 
payment, by way of a notice on the Issuer's website. 
15(2)(E)Adjustment Events in relation to Exchange Rate Securities 
For the purposes of this 15(2)(E), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to an Exchange Rate, the one 
or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Adjustments 
If a Second Currency is in the country (or countries) or jurisdiction (or jurisdictions)maintaining the 
authority, institution or other body which issues such Reference Currency, replaced in its function as 
legal tender by another currency or merged with another currency to become a common currency (such 
replacement or merged currency the "New Reference Currency") and the provisions of the following 
paragraph "Early Termination Event" do not apply, such Second Currency shall, within the Exchange 
Rate, be replaced by the New Reference Currency (such exchange rate the "New Rate of Exchange"), 
provided that the New Exchange Rate shall be calculated on the basis of the number of units of the New 
Reference Currency determined by the conversion of the number of units of the Second Currency used 
for the determination of the previous Exchange Rate into the New Reference Currency using the 
exchange rate applicable to such conversion, all of which is determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
Early Termination Events

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
(i) 
If a Reference Currency ceases, for any reason, to be legal tender in the country (or 
countries) or jurisdiction (or jurisdictions), maintaining the authority, institution or other 
body which issues such Reference Currency, and the provisions of the previous paragraph 
""Adjustments" do not apply, or if an adjustment in accordance with the previous paragraph 
is, as determined by the Calculation Agent, for any reason not possible or not reasonably 
practical; or 
(ii) where the Reference Source for any Exchange Rate is an exchange, trading system or 
quotation system, if the Reference Source announces that pursuant to the rules of such 
Reference Source, the exchange rate between the relevant First Currency and Second 
Currency ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Reference 
Source for any reason and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange, trading system or quotation system acceptable to the Calculation Agent 
("Cessation of Trading"), 
the Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to cancel the Securities by giving notice to the 
Securityholders through the Issuer's website. The Issuer may discharge its obligations pursuant to the 
Securities paying an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by such 
Securityholder which amount shall be the fair market value of the Securities, as determined in good 
faith by the Calculation Agent. 
The Securityholders will be notified of the market value of the Securities and the relevant method of 
payment, by way of a notice on the Issuer's website. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the early 
exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if 
required, as specified in Condition 22(C)(ii) below). 
15(2)(F) Adjustment Events in relation to Fund Securities 
Terms 
"Insolvency" means that, by reason of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Fund, (i) all of the shares of that 
Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the 
shares of that Fund become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Nationalization" means that the Fund or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalized, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity 
or instrumentality thereof. 
Adjustment Events and replacement of the Fund or redemption of the Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(F), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Fund, one or more of the 
following events: 
(a) 
Nationalization; 
(b)  
Insolvency; 
(c) 
the Fund (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), or (ii) makes a 
general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, or the Fund institutes 
or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
seeking judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief, or (iii) has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar 
relief, (iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all of its assets, (v) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all 
of its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in 
each case within 15 days thereafter, or (vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it 
which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events specified in clauses from (i) to (v) above; 
(d)  
the net asset value of the Fund has decreased by an amount considered reasonably significant 
by the Issuer in good faith, or the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable 
to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgement of any 
court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund documents 
or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
(e)  
(i) the resignation, termination, or replacement of its Fund adviser or (ii) the resignation, 
termination, death or replacement of any key person as specified; 
(f) 
any change or modification of the related documents that could reasonably be expected to 
affect the value of such Fund; 
(g)  
means any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related 
Fund documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of such Fund or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
(h) 
(i) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund, (ii) any change in the 
legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund adviser that is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund or on any investor 
therein, or (iii) the Fund or any of its Fund administrator of Fund adviser becoming subject to 
any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or 
resulting from the operation of such Fund, Fund administrator or Fund adviser; 
(i) 
(i) occurrence of any event affecting such Fund that, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the 
value of such Fund, and such event continues for at least the foreseeable future; (ii) any failure 
of the Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information, if any that such Fund has 
agreed to deliver, or (B) information that has been previously delivered, as applicable, in 
accordance with such Fund, or its authorized representative's, to monitor such Fund's 
compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other 
similar policies relating to such Fund; 
(j)  
(i) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the 
interest issued or held in the Fund, or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations with respect to the interest issued or held in the Fund (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit of other adverse effect on

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
its tax position); 
(k) 
means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances 
existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk relating to any interest 
issued or held in the Fund of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
relevant Fund Security, or (ii) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction (s) 
or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to 
the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an increased cost of 
hedging pursuant to this clause k); and 
(l)  
any day, a failure by the Fund to pay the full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or 
otherwise) of the redemption proceeds calculated by the Calculation Agent that would be paid; 
(m) 
any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of the Fund; 
(n) 
the total exposure of the Issuer with respect to the Fund on any Exchange Business Day is 
higher than a specific threshold amount (the "Threshold") determined by the Calculation 
Agent and notified to Securityholders on the Issuer's website. In the absence of any notice, the 
Threshold shall be considered as equal to 22.00% of the aggregate net asset value of the 
relevant Fund on the relevant Exchange Business Day. 
Following the occurrence of an Adjustment Event pursuant to (a), (b), above in relation to a Fund, the 
Issuer redeems the relevant Securities through a notice published on its website. In this case, the Issuer 
will pay to the Securityholders the market value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Adjustment Events pursuant to (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), (l) and (m) above shall be treated as 
Market Disruption Events and paragraph 15 (1) (F) shall apply. 
Following the occurrence of the Adjustment Event pursuant to (n), the Calculation Agent has the 
faculty but not the obligation to, alternatively: 
(i)  
identify a new Fund in respect of which an Adjustment Event has not occurred. Following the 
identification of the new fund by the Calculation Agent, Securityholders will be notified by the 
Calculation Agent by way of a notice on the Issuer's website. The new Fund will replace the 
Fund affected by the Adjustment Event pursuant to (n) with effect from the release of the 
relevant substitution notice on the Issuer's website. The Calculation Agent will make the 
corrections which will be appropriate in its opinion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, to any variable, method of calculation or evaluation or other relevant parameter 
pursuant to the Securities, in order to affect such substitution, or 
(ii)  
take any necessary action to reduce Issuer's exposure in order that the total exposure of the 
Issuer shall be comprised below the Threshold, including the faculty for the Issuer to redeem 
the relevant Securities through a notice published on its website.  
15(2)(G)Adjustment Events in relation to Interest Rate Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(G), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to an Interest Rate, one or 
more of the following events: 
(i) 
the Interest Rate is no longer calculated by the relevant Calculation Entity in charge for the 
calculation, but by another entity which has replaced the Calculation Entity in charge of the 
calculation. In such case, the Settlement Amount will be determined according to the 
Reference Value of the Interest Rate as determined and published by the new entity, and each

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
reference to the Entity in charge for the calculation shall be deemed as a reference, where 
applicable, to the new entity; and  
(ii) 
the Interest Rate is cancelled or replaced, including without limitation, following the adoption 
of a decision to withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in Article 35 of the 
Benchmark Regulation. In such case, if the Calculation Entity substantially modifies the 
method of calculation of the Interest Rate or replaces the Interest Rate with a Successor 
Interest Rate, the Issuer may take one of the following actions which will be notified to the 
investor by way of a notice on its website: 
(a) 
the Calculation Entity may modify or replace the method of calculation by using the 
same or a substantially similar formula in the calculation of the Interest Rate, so as to 
maintain continuity in the values of the Interest Rate before and after such 
amendment or replacement (using a connection coefficient) and the Securities will 
not be affected by any correction and will have the modified Interest Rate as the 
Underlying; 
(b) 
the Calculation Entity may modify or replace the method of calculation resulting in a 
substantial difference between the Interest Rate value before and after such 
amendment or replacement, the Issuer may correct the Multiplier, using an 
adjustment coefficient as determined by the Calculation Entity or, failing this, by the 
Issuer. In the case of a Basket, such amendment or replacement (also following the 
correction of the Multiplier) will not affect the weighting of the Interest Rate as 
Basket Constituent; 
(c) 
if the Issuer, in relation to the procedure for the amendment or replacement and in 
relation to the modified Interest Rate, does not consider appropriate the method of 
calculation in (a) and (b) for the purposes of this 15(2)(G), the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early under payment of an amount calculated on the basis of the market 
value of the Securities; 
(iii) 
the Interest Rate is cancelled or replaced including without limitation, following the adoption 
of a decision to withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in Article 35 of the 
Benchmark Regulation and, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, it is not possible to 
determine a new Interest Rate. In such case, the Issuer and an expert appointed by the Issuer 
will continue to calculate and publish the Interest Rate pursuant to the previous system and to 
the last level calculated or the Issuer may redeem the Securities early under payment of an 
amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the early 
exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if 
required, as specified in Condition 22(C)(ii) below). 
15(2)(H)Adjustment Events in relation to Govies Securities 
For the purposes of this 15(2)(H), "Adjustment Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(i) 
the specified Exchange ceases to list or otherwise include the Government Bond and the 
Government Bond is listed or otherwise included in any other securities exchange; 
(ii) 
the issuer of the Government Bond irreversibly converts those Government Bond into other 
securities;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
(iii) 
If the Value published or announced on a given Exchange Business Day and used or to be 
used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Reference Value, the Initial Reference 
Value or Final Reference Value is subsequently corrected and the correction is published 
or announced by the Reference Source for that publication or announcement within 30 
calendar days of the original publication or announcement; 
(iv) 
any other event affecting the economic value, and consequently the market price of the 
Government Bond. 
15(2)(I)Adjustment Events in relation to Combined Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(I), "Adjustment Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
events set out above in relation to the other types of Security, in accordance with the specific 
underlying assets which are relevant from time to time in relation to each issue. 
16. 
Adjustments for European Monetary Union 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, on giving notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Notices): 
(i) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the 
Securities shall be redenominated in Euro; 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(A) 
where the Settlement Currency of the Securities is the National Currency Unit of a 
country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union, such Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted 
from the original Settlement Currency into Euro at the Established Rate, subject to 
such provisions (if any) as to rounding as the Calculation Agent may decide and as 
may be specified in the notice, and after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the 
Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the Securities will be made solely in Euro as 
though references in the Securities to the Settlement Currency were to Euro; 
(B) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions (as amended or 
supplemented in the applicable Final Terms) are expressed in or, in the case of the 
Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or into, the currency (the "Original 
Currency") of a country which is participating in the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these 
Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, 
converted for or, as the case may be into, Euro at the Established Rate; and 
(C) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions (as amended or supplemented 
in the applicable Final Terms) as the Issuer may decide, in its sole and absolute 
discretion to conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments expressed 
in Euro; and/or 
(ii) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Multiplier and/or the Strike 
Price and/or the Settlement Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union on the Multiplier and/or the Strike Price and/or the Settlement Price 
and/or such other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Calculation Agent or any of 
the Security Agents shall be liable to any Securityholder or other person for any commissions, costs, 
losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or 
rounding effected in connection therewith. 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Date means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Securityholders 
pursuant to this Condition which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Original 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the 
Treaty; 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into 
Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to first sentence of Article 1091(4) of 
the Treaty; 
Euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
National Currency Unit means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are defined on the 
date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in European Economic and 
Monetary Union; and 
Treaty means the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
17. 
Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any Securityholder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the 
BRRD, by its acquisition of the Securities each Securityholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution Authority, 
which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) 
due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in 
respect of the Securities together with any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, 
into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and 
the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of 
the Securities together with any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the expiry of the Securities or amendment of the amounts payable 
under the Securities, or the date on which each amount becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Italian Resolution Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution Authority.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution Authority shall not constitute an 
event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Italian 
Resolution Authority in accordance with this Condition 17. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which the 
exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Certificates, the Issuer shall notify 
the holders of the Certificates without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Certificates 
described in this Condition 17. 
Each Securityholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of any Italian Bail-in Power to the Certificates. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
Subject as provided in the Agency Agreement, the Securities do not confer on any third party any rights 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the Act) to enforce any term of the Securities, 
but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from the 
Act. 
19. 
Exercise Rights (only applicable to Warrants) 
(A) 
Exercise Period 
(i) 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period by 
the delivery of an Exercise Notice in the manner set out in Condition 19(A), unless an Early 
Redemption Event occurred (only applicable in case of Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading 
without prior offer).  
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style Warrant 
with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 20(A), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the last 
Exercise Business Day of the Exercise Period (the Expiration Date), shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any such American Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
20(A), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Expiration 
Date and which is in the determination of the Calculation Agent "In-The-Money" shall be automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 20(G) shall apply, provided the 
relevant Warrant is not a Definitive Warrant. The expressions exercise, due exercise and related 
expressions shall be construed to apply to any Warrants which are automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date in accordance with this provision. 
With respect to an American Style Warrant, the Actual Exercise Date means (a) the Exercise Business 
Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice in respect of an American Style Warrant is 
delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with a copy to the Issuer and the Principal 
Security Agent as provided in Condition 20(A), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time, 
as appropriate, or (b) if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms and no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in accordance with the preceding paragraph (a), the Expiration Date. If any 
Exercise Notice in respect of an American Style Warrant is received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or a copy thereof is delivered to the Issuer or the Principal Security Agent after 10.00 
a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time, as appropriate, on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, 
which Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such 
Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
20(A) at or prior to 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the Expiration Date 
shall (i) if Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, become void or (ii) if 
Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date as provided above. 
In respect of Italian Traded Warrants, prior to the Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Securityholder may renounce any Automatic Exercise of such Warrant by the 
delivery or the sending by authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) of a duly completed 
Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement and 
copies of which may be obtained from the specified office of the Security Agents and the registered 
office of the Issuer (a Renouncement Notice), to the relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the 
Principal Security Agent and the Issuer, in compliance with the laws and regulation, including the 
regulations of Borsa Italiana S.p.A., applicable from time to time. If a duly completed Renouncement 
Notice is delivered or sent in compliance with the above, the relevant Securityholder will not be entitled 
to receive any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Italian Traded Warrants and the 
Issuer shall have no further liabilities in respect of such amounts. 
Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any determination as to whether a 
Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant Clearing 
System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out 
below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not 
duly delivered shall be null and void. If such Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the 
satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System, in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal Security 
Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was 
delivered to the relevant Clearing System and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent. 
(ii) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date or if such day is not an Exercise 
Business Day the immediately succeeding Exercise Business Day (the Actual Exercise Date and the 
Expiration Date), unless an Early Redemption Event occurred (only applicable in case of Warrants to 
be admitted to listing and/or trading without prior offer). 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style Warrant with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 20(A), at or 
prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the Actual Exercise Date, shall 
become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any such European Style Warrant with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 20(A), at or 
prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Actual Exercise Date and 
which is in the determination of the Calculation Agent "In-The-Money", shall be automatically 
exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of Condition 20(G) shall apply, provided the 
relevant Warrant is not a Definitive Warrant. The expressions exercise, due exercise and related 
expressions shall be construed to apply to any Warrants which are automatically exercised on the 
Actual Exercise Date in accordance with this provision. 
In respect of Italian Traded Warrants, prior to the Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Securityholder may renounce any Automatic Exercise of such Warrant by the

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
delivery or the sending by authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) of a duly completed 
Renouncement Notice to the relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the Issuer and the Principal 
Security Agent, in compliance with the laws and regulation, including the regulations of Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A., applicable from time to time.  
If a duly completed Renouncement Notice is delivered or sent in compliance with the above, the 
relevant Securityholder will not be entitled to receive any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of 
the relevant Italian Traded Warrants and the Issuer shall have no further liabilities in respect of such 
amounts. Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any determination as to whether 
a Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant Clearing 
System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out 
below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not 
duly delivered shall be null and void. If such Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the 
satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System, in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal Security 
Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was 
delivered the relevant Clearing System and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent. 
(B) 
Cash Settlement 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, each such Warrant entitles its holder, upon payment of the 
Premium in accordance with Condition 20(A) to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the 
Cash Settlement Amount, unless an Early Redemption Event occurred (only applicable in case of 
Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading without prior offer).  
(C) 
Physical Settlement 
If the Warrants are Physical Delivery Securities, each such Warrant entitles its holder, upon due 
exercise and subject as provided in Condition 4, to receive the Entitlement from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date, subject to payment of the relevant Premium, any Expenses and any other sums 
payable unless an Early Redemption Event occurred (only applicable in case of Warrants to be admitted 
to listing and/or trading without prior offer). If such event occurred, the Securityholder will not be 
entitled to receive the Entitlement. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants provided that the aggregate 
Entitlements in respect of the same Securityholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of 
the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and a cash adjustment amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent will be paid in lieu of such fractions of the Relevant Asset. Any such cash 
adjustment amount will be paid to the account specified in the relevant Exercise Notice.  
Following exercise of a Share Security which is a Physical Delivery Warrant, all dividends on the 
Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according to 
market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the relevant Actual Exercise Date and to be 
delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Any 
such dividends to be paid to a Securityholder will be paid to the account specified by the Securityholder 
in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in Condition 20(A)(1)(v). 
20. 
Exercise Procedure (only applicable to Warrants)

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
(A) 
Exercise Notice 
Warrants may only be exercised by the delivery or the sending by authenticated swift message 
(confirmed in writing) to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to the 
Principal Security Agent and the Issuer, of a duly completed exercise notice (an Exercise Notice) in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Security Agents) in accordance with the provisions set out in 
Condition 19 and this Condition. If the relevant Warrant is in definitive form, such Warrant must be 
delivered, together with the Exercise Notice, to the Issuer and with a copy to the Principal Security 
Agent. 
(1) 
An Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series of the Warrants and the number of Warrants the subject of such Notice; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Definitive Warrants, specify the number of the Securityholder's account 
at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with the Warrants 
the subject of such Exercise Notice; 
(iii) 
except in the case of Definitive Warrants, irrevocably instruct Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit on or before the Settlement Date the 
Securityholder's account with the Warrants the subject of such Exercise Notice; 
(iv) 
include (A) an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, 
the Premium in respect of the relevant Warrants (together with any other amounts payable); 
and (B) an authorisation to the Issuer to deduct any Expenses from the Cash Settlement 
Amount, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, 
an irrevocable instruction to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (or to 
the Principal Security Agent, in the case of Definitive Warrants), to debit a specified account 
of the Securityholder at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other specified 
account of the Securityholder, in the case of Definitive Warrants) with the Premium and any 
Expenses (together with any other amounts payable); 
(v) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) 
into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or 
agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name 
and the number of the Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, or, in the case of a Definitive Warrant, at a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, 
either in respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any cash adjustment 
amount paid in lieu of fractions of the Relevant Asset or any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or, if applicable, 
a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the Settlement Disruption 
Amount or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price; 
(vi) 
in the case of Warrants having Exchange Rate as Underlying only, specify the number of the 
Securityholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or, in 
the case of a Definitive Warrant, at a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
Settlement Currency to be credited with the amount due upon exercise of the Warrants;

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
(vii) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants which are Definitive Warrants only, specify the details of 
an account in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to be credited 
with the Cash Settlement Amount for each Warrant being exercised; 
(viii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant the subject of such Exercise 
Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant was not held on 
behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been or will be delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection 
with such exercise and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of 
certification in respect of selling restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws 
of the United States as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ix) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(2) 
If Condition 4(C) applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered may be different from 
that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice may be obtained from Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the Security Agents. 
(B) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Except in the case of an Exercise Notice submitted in respect of a Definitive Warrant, upon receipt of 
an Exercise Notice, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the 
person exercising the Warrant is the holder thereof according to the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. Subject thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, will confirm to the Principal Security Agent the series and the number of Warrants being 
exercised, the relevant account details (if applicable) for payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or the 
details for the delivery of the Entitlement, as the case may be, in respect of each Warrant the subject of 
the relevant Exercise Notice. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Security Agent will 
inform the Issuer thereof. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will on or before 
the Settlement Date debit the account of the relevant Securityholder with the Warrants the subject of 
the relevant Exercise Notice. 
(C) 
Cash Settled Warrants 
Subject as provided in this Condition 20, the Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement 
Amount (if any) for each duly exercised Warrant, by credit or transfer to the Securityholder's account 
with Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg, as the case may be, for value on the Settlement Date less 
any Expenses not already paid, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as appropriate). 
The Issuer's obligations will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as the case may be) of the amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular number of Warrants must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each such 
payment. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or any other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment. 
(D) 
Physical Delivery Warrants

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Subject to payment of the Premium and any Expenses with regard to the relevant Warrants, the Issuer 
shall on the Settlement Date deliver, or procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each duly exercised 
Warrant, subject as provided in Condition 4(C). The Entitlement shall be delivered and evidenced in 
such manner as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
(E) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be 
made by the Principal Security Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Security 
Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise 
Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) and copied to the Issuer and the Principal 
Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Warrants, is not duly delivered to the Issuer together with 
the relevant Definitive Warrant(s) and copied to the Principal Security Agent), shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as appropriate), in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, in 
the case of Definitive Warrants, to the satisfaction of the Issuer in consultation with the Principal 
Security Agent), it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction 
was delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and copied to the 
Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Warrants, to the Issuer and copied 
to the Principal Security Agent).  
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrants with respect 
to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out 
above by the cut-off time specified in Condition 19(A)(i), in the case of American Style Warrants, 
or Condition 19(A)(ii), in the case of European Style Warrants, shall become void.  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (or, in the case of Definitive Warrants, the 
Issuer) shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Securityholder submitting an Exercise Notice if, 
in consultation with the Issuer and/or the Principal Security Agent (as applicable), it has determined 
that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful 
misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Security Agents, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the Calculation Agent shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be 
taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Securityholder. 
(F) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Securityholder to 
exercise the Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising 
Securityholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
(G) 
Failure to deliver an Exercise Notice 
This paragraph only applies if (i) Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
Warrants are automatically exercised as provided in Condition 19(A)(i) or Condition 19(A)(ii); and (ii) 
provided the relevant Warrant is not a Definitive Warrant. 
(i) 
Cash Settled Warrants 
In the event that a Warrantholder does not, in respect of a Cash Settled Warrant to which this Condition 
20(G) applies, deliver an Exercise Notice in accordance with Condition 20(A) above on or prior to

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date, the provisions of 
Condition 20(C) shall nevertheless apply as if such Warrant had been duly exercised on such date. 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
In the event that a Warrantholder does not, in respect of a Physical Delivery Warrant to which this 
Condition 20(G) applies, deliver an Exercise Notice in accordance with Condition 20(A) above on or 
prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date, the 
Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable determine the Assessed Value Payment Amount and in 
respect of the relevant Warrant, shall pay or cause to be paid the Assessed Value Payment Amount by 
credit or transfer to the relevant Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be) as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of the Assessed Value 
Payment Amount. Upon payment of the Assessed Value Payment Amount as aforesaid, the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of such Warrant shall be discharged. Payments will be subject in all cases to any 
fiscal or any other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment. 
 As used herein, Assessed Value Payment Amount means an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the fair market value of the Relevant Assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect of the 
relevant Warrant, less any Expenses and any other amounts payable. 
(H) 
Settlement provisions for Definitive Warrants 
In the event that any Definitive Warrants have been issued prior to the Expiration Date, the Issuer shall, 
on or prior to the Expiration Date, notify Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) of 
the procedure to be followed in order to receive any Cash Settlement Amount or Assessed Value 
Payment Amount that may be payable upon Automatic Exercise. 
(I) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
relevant Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. 
None of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent shall under any 
circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to 
the performance of their duties in relation to the Warrants. 
21. 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable (only applicable to 
Warrants) 
(A) 
American Style Warrants 
 
This paragraph (A) applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(i) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Securityholder on any Actual Exercise Date, as determined 
by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise 
Number, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any 
Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no 
effect. 
(ii) 
 If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise Date by 
any Securityholder or a group of Securityholders (whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the Maximum Exercise Number being the Quota), the 
Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected at the 
discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of such 
Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of the succeeding Business Days until all such 
Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that the deemed 
Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date shall 
fall on the Expiration Date. In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants are exercised on the 
same day by Securityholder(s), the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer. 
(B) 
European Style Warrants 
This paragraph (B) applies only to European Style Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable on behalf of any Securityholder on any Exercise Date, as 
determined by the Issuer, must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum 
Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any exercise which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no 
effect. 
22. 
Exercise Procedure (only applicable to Certificates) 
(A) 
Exercise Date 
Each Certificate shall be automatically exercised on the Exercise Date and settled in accordance with 
Condition 22 (Exercise of Certificates), unless an Early Redemption Event occurred, if applicable, or a 
Call Option is exercised by the Issuer (if applicable), or a Put Option is exercised by the investor (if 
applicable) or an Open End Feature is applicable (only in case of Benchmark Certificates and Turbo 
Certificates), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible 
liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the early exercise is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in this Condition 22). 
In respect of Certificates listed on stock exchanges other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, prior 
to the Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Securityholder 
may renounce any automatic exercise of such Certificate by the delivery or sending by authenticated 
swift message (confirmed in writing) of a duly completed Renouncement Notice to the relevant 
Clearing System, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer, in compliance with the 
laws and regulation, including the regulations of such other stock exchange, applicable from time to 
time. If a duly completed Renouncement Notice is delivered or sent in compliance with the above, the 
relevant Securityholder will not be entitled to receive any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of 
the relevant Certificates listed on other exchanges and the Issuer shall have no further liabilities in 
respect of such amounts. 
Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any determination as to whether a 
Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant Clearing 
System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out 
below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not 
duly delivered shall be null and void. If such Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the 
satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System, in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal Security

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was 
delivered to the relevant Clearing System and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent. 
(B) 
Exercise Date in case of Open End Feature or if a Call Option or Put Option is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms 
If, in case of Benchmark Certificates and Turbo Certificates, Open End Feature is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, no Exercise Date will be provided and the Certificates may only 
be redeemed upon exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer (on a Call Exercise Date), or the exercise of 
the Put Option by the investor (on a Put Exercise Date).  
Exercise following the Call Option or the Put Option may be applicable also if an Exercise Date is 
provided, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. Certificates will be considered exercised on the 
relevant Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date, as the case may be and in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms. In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
Requirements, the early exercise is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if 
required). 
(i) 
Exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer 
For the purposes of the exercise of the Call Option during a specified Call Notice Period, the 
Issuer shall communicate the intention of exercise the Call Option to the relevant Stock 
Exchange and publish a notice to the Securityholders on its website by the Call Notice Period 
established in the relevant Final Terms. Such notice will be irrevocable and shall indicate the 
Call Exercise Date on which investors exercise the Certificates. 
(ii) 
Exercise of the Put Option by the investor (if applicable) 
Differently, for the purposes of the Put Option Exercise during a specified Put Notice Period, 
the investor shall send to the Issuer a Put Option Exercise Notice – drawn up, in order to be 
valid, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
form 
provided 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com – during the period from the first Business Day 
of the Put Notice Period until 17:00 CET on the last Business Day of the Put Notice Period, in 
relation to each Put Exercise Date, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. The time indicated 
on the copy printed by the receiving machine will be considered for the purposes of the 
Exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Exercise Notice is irrevocable and shall indicate 
the Put Exercise Date on which investors exercise the Certificates and the relevant ISIN code. 
The Put Option Exercise Notice shall be carried out in relation to a number of Certificates, in 
the same series, equal to the Minimum Exercise Amount or to an integer multiple of that 
number. Any Put Option Exercise Notice, which has not been sent pursuant to this paragraph 
and within the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or has not been received by the 
Issuer within the time specified above, will not be considered valid. Once the Put Option 
Exercise Notice is delivered, the Certificates in respect of which the Put Option has been 
exercised shall not be transferred to third parties. 
(C) 
Exercise of Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
(i) Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase  
Any call, redemption, repurchase, repayment or modification of eligible Certificates is subject, to 
the extent such Certificates qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements (so called eligible liabilities), to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(a) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the relevant Certificates with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(b) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Relevant 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the 
competent authority, considers necessary; or 
(c) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the relevant Certificates with Own Funds instruments is necessary to 
ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Relevant Regulations 
for continuing authorisation,  
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to 
time under the applicable laws and regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) such 
Certificates, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) or 
(b) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
(ii) Exercise due to a MREL Disqualification Event  
In relation to Certificates qualified as MREL eligible liabilities at the time of their issuance, ifthe 
Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer 
in its discretion may, having given a notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 
(Notices), which will specify the scheduled date for redemption and payment of the relevant 
amount, redeem such Series of Certificates, in whole but not in part, then outstanding at any time 
by paying to Securityholders an amount which shall be equal to the fair market value of the 
Certificates (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities). 
(D) 
Cash Settlement 
If the Certificates (Cash Settled Certificates) are Cash Settled Securities, each such Certificate entitles 
its holder to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the Cash Settlement Amount, less any 
Expenses not already paid. 
(E) 
Physical Settlement 
If the Certificates (Physical Delivery Certificates) are Physical Delivery Securities, each such 
Certificate entitles its holder, subject to the provisions of Condition 23(A), to receive from the Issuer on 
the Settlement Date the Entitlement, subject to payment of any Expenses. The method of delivery of the 
Entitlement is set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Certificates of the same Securityholder 
automatically exercised and in respect of which, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (as defined below) has been duly given as provided in 
Condition 23(A), will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in 
respect of such Certificates, provided that the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same 
Securityholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will 
not be delivered and a cash adjustment amount calculated by the Calculation Agent will be paid in lieu 
of such fractions of the Relevant Asset. Any such cash adjustment amount will be paid to the account 
specified in the relevant Exercise Notice. 
Following exercise of a Share Security which is a Physical Delivery Certificate, all dividends on the 
relevant Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according 
to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the Exercise Date and to be delivered in the 
same manner as such relevant Shares, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Any such dividends 
to be paid to a Securityholder will be paid to the account specified by the Securityholder in the relevant 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (if applicable) as referred to in Condition 23(A)(1)(v). 
23. 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notices and Settlement (only applicable to Certificates) 
(A) 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice Requirement 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of Physical Delivery Certificates, in order to 
obtain delivery of the Entitlement the relevant Securityholder must deliver or send by authenticated 
swift message (confirmed in writing) to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
with a copy to the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer not later than 10.00 a.m. Brussels or 
Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the Exercise Date a duly completed physical delivery 
confirmation notice (a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice) in the form set out in the Annex to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities and in accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition.  
If the relevant Certificate is in definitive form, such Certificate must be delivered, together with the 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, to the Issuer and with a copy to the Principal Security Agent. 
(1) 
The Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series of the Certificates and the number of Certificates the subject of such 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Definitive Certificates, specify the number of the 
Securityholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, to be debited with the Certificates the subject of such Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice; 
(iii) 
except in the case of Definitive Certificates, irrevocably instruct Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit on or before the Settlement 
Date the Securityholder's account with the Certificates the subject of such Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(iv) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, except in the case of Definitive 
Certificates, an authority to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in respect thereof;

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
(v) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address of any 
person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any 
bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be 
delivered and specify the name and the number of the Securityholder's account with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or, in the case of a 
Definitive Certificate, at a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
Settlement Currency to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in 
respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any cash adjustment 
amount paid in lieu of fractions of the Relevant Asset or any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the Settlement 
Disruption Amount or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as the case may be; 
(vi) 
in the case of Certificates having Exchange Rate as Underlying only, specify the 
number of the Securityholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, or, in the case of a Definitive Certificate, at a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to be credited with the amount 
due upon exercise of the Certificates; 
(vii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Certificate the subject of such 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice), the Certificate was not held on behalf of a 
U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been or will be delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in 
connection with such exercise and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such 
various forms of certification in respect of selling restrictions under the securities, 
commodities and other laws of the United States as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(viii) 
authorise the production of the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice in any 
applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
(2) 
If Condition 4(C) applies, the form of Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice required to be 
delivered may be different from that set out above. Copies of such Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice may be obtained from Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
Security Agents. 
(B) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Except in the case of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted in respect of a Definitive 
Certificate, upon receipt of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person exercising the Certificates is the holder 
thereof according to the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. Subject 
thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will confirm to the Principal 
Security Agent the series and the number of Certificates being exercised and the details for the delivery 
of the Entitlement in respect of each Certificate the subject of the relevant Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Security Agent will inform the 
Issuer thereof. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will on or before the 
Settlement Date debit the account of the relevant Securityholder with the Certificates the subject of the 
relevant Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. 
(C) 
Cash Settled Certificates

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Subject as provided in this Condition 22, the Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid the relevant amount(s) 
(if any) for each Certificate by credit or transfer to the Securityholder's account with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for value on the Settlement Date, less any Expenses not 
already paid, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be provided that in the case of Registered Securities, such payment shall 
be made in accordance with Condition 23(H) (Settlement provisions for Registered Certificates). 
In case of Securities which are not Registered Securities, the Issuer's obligations will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) of the 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular amount of the Certificates must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each such payment. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
any jurisdiction (including Section 871(m)), and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, or any 
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement 
entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code. 
(D) 
Physical Delivery Certificates 
Subject to payment of any Expenses with regard to the relevant Certificates, the Issuer shall, on the 
Settlement Date, deliver, or procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each Certificate in respect of 
which a valid Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final 
Terms, has been delivered as provided in Condition 23(A) (Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
Requirement) pursuant to the details specified in the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, subject as 
provided in Condition 4(C). The Entitlement shall be delivered and evidenced in such manner as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, in the 
event that no valid Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice has been duly delivered at or prior to 10.00 
a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be) on the Exercise Date, the provisions of 
Condition 23(F) (Failure to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice) below shall apply. 
(E) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, if applicable, is duly 
completed and in proper form shall be made by the Principal Security Agent, and shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant Securityholder. 
Subject as set out below, any Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice so determined to be incomplete or 
not in proper form or which is not duly delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the 
case may be) and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive 
Certificates, which is not duly delivered to the Issuer together with the relevant Definitive Certificate(s) 
and copied to the Principal Security Agent) shall be null and void. 
If such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, 
in the case of Definitive Certificates, to the satisfaction of the Issuer in consultation with the Principal 
Security Agent), it shall be deemed to be a new Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted at the 
time such correction was delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and 
copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Certificates, to the 
Issuer and copied to the Principal Security Agent).

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, (or, in the case of Definitive Certificates, the 
Issuer) shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Securityholder submitting a Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice if, in consultation with the Issuer and/or the Principal Security Agent (as 
applicable), it has determined that such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is incomplete or not in 
proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the 
Security Agents, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Calculation Agent shall be liable to any 
person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Securityholder. 
(F) 
Delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
After the delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not 
transfer Certificates the subject of such notice. 
(G) 
Failure to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
Provided that the relevant Certificates are not Definitive Certificates, in which case the provisions of 
Condition 23(I) (Settlement provisions for Definitive Certificates) will apply, in the event that a 
Certificateholder does not, in respect of a Physical Delivery Certificate, deliver or procure delivery of a 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice as set out above, prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg 
time, on the Exercise Date, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable determine the Assessed 
Value Payment Amount and in respect of such Certificate shall pay or cause to be paid the Assessed 
Value Payment Amount by credit or transfer to the Securityholder's account with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of the 
Assessed Value Payment Amount. Upon payment of the Assessed Value Payment Amount as aforesaid, 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of such Certificate shall be discharged. Payments will be subject in all 
cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in any jurisdiction (including 
Section 871(m)), and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471 (b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code.  
As used herein, "Assessed Value Payment Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the fair market value of the Relevant Assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect of the 
relevant Certificate, less any Expenses. 
(H) 
Settlement provisions for Registered Certificates 
Payments of the Cash Settlement Amount (less any Expenses not already paid) in respect of each 
Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer to the Designated Account 
(as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Certificate 
appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing 
System are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the 
close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date 
(in each case, the "Record Date"). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have 
a Designated Account or (ii) the aggregate Issue Price of the Certificates held by a holder is less than 
U.S. $250,000 (or integral multiples of U.S. $1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate equivalent in 
any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency 
drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below).

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated 
Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a 
Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Holders of Registered Securities will be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Certificate as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. 
None of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Principal Security Agent will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests.  
A record of each payment made on such Registered Global Certificate will be made on such Registered 
Global Certificate by the Registrar and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in 
question has been made.  
The holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Registered Certificates represented by such Registered Global Certificate and 
the payment obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Registered Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as 
the case may be, as the holder of a particular amount of Certificates must look solely to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, for his 
share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant Registered 
Global Certificate. No person other than the holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate shall 
have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Registered Global Certificate. 
(I) 
Settlement provisions for Definitive Certificates  
In the event that any Definitive Certificates have been issued prior to the Exercise Date, the Issuer shall, 
on or prior to the Exercise Date, notify Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) of the 
procedure to be followed in order to receive any Cash Settlement Amount that may be payable upon 
exercise of the Certificates. 
(J) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Certificates is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents and the Calculation 
Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after 
using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer, 
any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent shall under any 
circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to 
the performance of their duties in relation to the Certificates. 
24. 
Pay-out provisions 
If the Underlying Reference Currency is different from the Settlement Currency, Cash Settled Securities may be 
either "Quanto Securities" (i.e. Quanto Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or "Non 
Quanto Securities" (i.e. Quanto Option is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms). In case of 
Quanto Securities, the Underlying Reference Currency will be expressed in the Settlement Currency and, 
therefore, the effects of the Exchange Rate on the amount paid in relation to the Securities are neutralised.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Otherwise, In case of Non Quanto Securities, the following amounts (Remuneration Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Corridor Early Amounts, Early Partial Capital Payment, Cash Settlement Amounts) and 
the relevant events will be determined by exchanging the Underlying Reference Currency into the Settlement 
Currency at the applicable Exchange Rate. 
REMUNERATION AMOUNTS 
The Certificates may provide for the payment of one or more of the amounts specified below, in the relevant 
payment date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each of these Remuneration Amounts, in relation to 
each relevant valuation period, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, may become due only after the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or may cease to be due after the occurrence of a Knock-out Event occurs. In 
particular, the Certificates may provide for a: 
a) Knock-out Feature: if a Knock-out Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the 
relevant Remuneration Amount potentially payable will cease to be due and payable to the 
Securityholders after the occurrence of a Knock-out Event. In particular, after the occurrence of a 
Knock-out Event, the investor will not benefit from the payment of any Remuneration Amount on 
either the payment date in relation to which the Knock-out Event has occurred and/or the payment 
date(s) following the Knock-out Valuation Period in which the Knock-out Event has occurred, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The investors will be notified in the event of a Knock-out Event by means of a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; or/and 
b) Knock-in Feature: if a Knock-in Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the 
relevant Remuneration Amount becomes payable to the Securityholders after the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event. In particular, after the occurrence of a Knock-in Event, the investor will benefit from 
the payment of the relevant Remuneration Amount on either the payment date in relation to which the 
Knock-in Event has occurred and/or the payment date(s) following the Knock-in Valuation Period in 
which the Knock-in Event has occurred, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The investors will be notified in the event of a Knock-in Event by means of a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
The Certificates, as specified below and as the case may be, may provide for one or more of the following 
Remuneration Amounts: 
A. 
DIGITAL AMOUNT(S) 
The Certificates may provide3 for the payment of one or more Digital Amounts, depending on the 
occurrence of the relevant Digital Event. 
If the Digital Event occurs, the investor will receive one or more Digital Amounts as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
The Digital Amount is an amount predetermined by the Issuer in relation to each Digital Valuation 
Period. For the avoidance of any doubt, in relation to the same Digital Valuation Period, the applicable 
Final Terms may provide for two or more Digital Amounts (also linked to different Underlyings) 
payable upon occurrence of the relevant Digital Event. 
If the "Multiple Level Option" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, several Digital 
 
3 In relation to the Digital Certificates, the payment of one or more Digital Amounts, depending on the occurrence of the 
Digital Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will always be provided.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
Levels will be provided in relation to the same Digital Valuation Period. In this case, the relevant Final 
Terms will specify the Digital Amount 1 and the Digital Amount 2, and so on, which will be 
respectively linked to the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2 and so on. In this case, the holders of the 
Securities will be entitled to receive the Digital Amount relating to the higher Digital Level reached by 
the Reference Value. 
If the "Cliquet Feature" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in this case the 
Calculation Agent will change the Digital Level in the relevant Digital Valuation Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, either automatically or upon occurrence of the condition(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, by indicating:  
(i) in relation to each Cliquet Valuation Period, the relevant Reference Value or Spread (in the 
case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates), for the determination of the applicable Digital Level; and/or 
(ii) different percentage(s) to be applied to the Initial Reference Value and/or Reference Value(s) 
or Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates) for the determination of the applicable Digital Level. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each different Digital Level the Issuer will 
also specify the related applicable Digital Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for the application of the Coupon Event, the Digital Amount(s) 
payable during the life of the Certificates will be determined on the basis of the Coupon Premium 1 or 
the Coupon Premium 2, depending on whether the Coupon Event has occurred or not. 
The investors will be notified of the Digital Event through a notice published on the website of the 
Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Specific features in relation to the Digital Amount 
In addition to the other features that may be specified as applicable in relation to all the Remuneration 
Amounts, in relation to the Digital Amount, the following features may specifically apply, jointly or 
separately, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Consolidation Effect 
The Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for an automatic activation 
option of the following Digital Amounts eventually payable during the life of the Certificates.  
In particular, if several Digital Valuation Periods have been provided and the Consolidation Effect 
occurs, the Digital Event will automatically occur without further determinations for all the Digital 
Valuation Periods following such Consolidation Valuation Period and, therefore, the investors will 
receive all the relevant Digital Amounts. 
If the Consolidation Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published 
on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Memory Effect 
The Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for an automatic activation 
option of the Digital Amounts that have not previously been paid due to the non-occurrence of the 
relevant Digital Events. 
In particular, if several Digital Valuation Periods have been provided and the Memory Effect occurs, 
the investor will receive the previously unpaid Digital Amount(s) in the event that the relevant Digital 
Event has not occurred, except where such Digital Amounts have been already paid due to the

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
occurrence of a Digital Event in a previous Digital Valuation Period. 
If the Memory Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on 
the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Path Dependency Effect 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Path Dependency Effect may be applicable. In this case, 
the Digital Amount may increase in relation to each Digital Valuation Period. Such increase will 
depend upon the occurrence of a Digital Event in the previous Digital Valuation Period.  
In particular, the increase will be calculated as the product of (i) the amount indicated as the Path 
Dependency Amount in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the number of the Digital Events that have 
occurred from the first Digital Valuation Period (included) until the Digital Valuation Period on which 
such Digital Amount is calculated. 
B. 
ACCUMULATED AMOUNT(S) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Certificates may provide for the Accumulated 
Amount(s). If such feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the investor will be 
entitled to receive, on the relevant Accumulated Payment Date, the relevant Accumulated Amount.  
The Accumulated Amount will be equal to the product between (i) the Accumulating Amount provided 
in relation to such Accumulating Valuation Period and (ii) the total number of Accumulating Events 
occurred during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period. 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger. In 
such case, an Early Redemption Event occurs if, on the Accumulated Valuation Date, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the relevant Accumulated Amount payable to the investors is lower than, equal 
to or higher than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Accumulating Autocallable 
Trigger. 
In addition, if an Early Redemption Level is applicable under the relevant Final Terms, and if so 
specified in such Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event. In such case, the Accumulated Amount will be paid on the Accumulated Payment 
Date coinciding with, or immediately after, the Early Payment Date in relation to which an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred. 
The investors will be notified of the number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
C. 
PLUS AMOUNT(S) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Certificates may provide the unconditional payment of 
one or more Plus Amount, allowing the investor, during the life of the Certificates or at the Settlement 
Date, to receive an additional amount which is not linked to the performance of the Underlying. The 
Plus Amount will be paid on the relevant Plus Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
D. 
INTERNAL RETURN AMOUNT(S) 
The applicable Final Terms may specify the Internal Return Amount (IRA) as applicable. In this case, 
the Internal Return Amount, which can be IRA Compound or IRA Simple, as specified below, will be 
linked to the performance of the Underlying and calculated according to one of the following formulas:

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
(i) 
IRA Compound: 
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 {0; [( √𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉
𝑛
) −1]}  
Where: 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date, 
"IRV" means the Initial Reference Value, and 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Annual 
Valuation Date. 
On the basis of such formula, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the performance of the 
Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation Date. Otherwise, 
if the relevant Final Terms provide an IRA Cap: 
IRA Compound: 
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑖𝑛 {𝐼𝑅𝐴 𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑡;  𝑀𝑎𝑥{0; [( √𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉
𝑛
) −1]}}  
Where: 
"IRA Capt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date. 
In this case, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the performance of the Underlying 
which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation Date, but it will be subject to a 
maximum amount represented by the IRA Cap.  
(ii) 
IRA Simple: 
Issue Price x Max {0; [(RVt/IRV)-1]/n} 
Where: 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date, 
"IRV" means the Initial Reference Value, and 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Annual 
Valuation Date. 
On the basis of such formula, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the performance of the 
Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation Date. Otherwise, 
if the relevant Final Terms provide an IRA Cap: 
Issue Price x Min {IRA CAPt ; Max [0; [(RVt / IRV)-1]/n]} 
Where:

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
"IRA Capt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date. 
In this case, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the performance of the Underlying 
which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation Date, but it will be subject to a 
maximum amount represented by the IRA Cap.  
E. 
PARTICIPATION REMUNERATION AMOUNT(S) 
The Certificates may provide for the payment of one or more Participation Remuneration Amounts. The 
Participation Remuneration Amount will consist of an amount determined on the basis of the 
performance of the Underlying in the relevant Participation Valuation Period.  
The payment of a Participation Remuneration Amount may be unconditional or may depend, if so 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a Participation Remuneration Event. If 
this is the case, the investors will receive the Participation Remuneration Amount, if positive, related to 
the corresponding Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period upon occurrence of a 
Participation Remuneration Event only. 
If the "Cliquet Feature" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of the 
occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event, in this case the Calculation Agent will change the 
Participation Remuneration Level in the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, either automatically or upon occurrence of the condition(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, by indicating:  
(i) in relation to each Cliquet Valuation Period, the relevant Reference Value or Spread (in the 
case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates), for the determination of the applicable Participation Remuneration Level; and/or 
(ii) different percentage(s) to be applied to the Initial Reference Value and/or Reference Value(s) 
or Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates) for the determination of the applicable Participation 
Remuneration Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Participation Remuneration Amount is calculated according to one or more of the formulas 
described below, which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for each Participation 
Remuneration Amount.  
(i) 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount: 
- 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form A: 
Issue Price x Max {Floor Percentage; [(RVt – Strike Remuneration Percentage x RVj)/ RVj] 
x Participation Factort} 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP; Max [Floor Percentage; ((RVt – Strike Remuneration Percentage 
x RVj)/RVj) x Participation Factort]} 
or 
- 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form B: 
Issue Price x Max {Floor Percentage; [Base Premium Percentage x (1 + Participation 
Remuneration Amount Gearing x (RVt – RVj) / RVj)]}

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP; Max [Floor Percentage; Base Premium Percentage x (1 + 
Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing x (RVt – RVj) / RVj)]} 
Where:  
"RVt" means the Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "t" specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
"RVj" means the Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "j" specified in the 
relevant Final Terms,  
"Participation Factort" means the Participation Factor corresponding to the relevant 
Participation Valuation Date "t" as specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
"Strike Remuneration Percentage" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
"Floor Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to time in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Floor Percentage will always be equal to or higher than 0 per cent, 
"Base Premium Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to 
time in the relevant Final Terms, 
"Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing" means the value specified from time to time 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Participation Remuneration Amount is 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount (and, in this case, whether it is Long Participation 
Remuneration Amount Form A or Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form B) or Short 
Participation Remuneration Amount.  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, both the Long Participation Remuneration Amount 
and Short Participation Remuneration Amount may apply in relation to the same Participation 
Valuation Dates;  
or 
(ii) 
Short Participation Remuneration Amount: 
Issue Price x Max [Floor Percentage; ((Strike Remuneration Percentage x RVj - RVt)/RVj) x 
Participation Factort] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP; Max [Floor Percentage; ((Strike Remuneration Percentage x RVj - 
RVt)/RVj) x Participation Factort]} 
Where:  
"RVt" means Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "t" specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
"RVj" means the Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "j" specified in the

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
relevant Final Terms, 
"Participation Factort" means the Participation Factor corresponding to the relevant 
Participation Valuation Date "t" as specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
"Strike Remuneration Percentage" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
"Floor Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to time in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Floor Percentage will always be equal to or higher than 0 per cent. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Participation Remuneration Amount is 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount (and, in this case, whether it is Long Participation 
Remuneration Amount Form A or Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form B) or Short 
Participation Remuneration Amount.  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, both the Long Participation Remuneration Amount 
and Short Participation Remuneration Amount may apply in relation to the same Participation 
Valuation Dates;  
or 
 
(iii) 
Spread Participation Remuneration Amount: 
If the Participation Remuneration Amount is specified as Spread Participation Remuneration 
Amount, for the purposes of determining the Spread Participation Remuneration Amount, 
reference will be made to the Spread (as defined in Condition 3 (Definitions)). The Spread 
Participation Remuneration Amount will be calculated according to one of the following 
formulas: 
Issue Price x [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread)] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a Margin: 
Issue Price x [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread +/- Margin)] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP;[(Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread)]} 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP and a Margin: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP;[Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread +/- Margin)]} 
Specific features in relation to the Participation Remuneration Amount 
Participation Rebate Feature 
If the Participation Rebate Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Participation 
Remuneration Amount potentially payable depends on the occurrence of the Participation Rebate Event. 
If a Participation Rebate Event has not occurred during a specified Participation Rebate Valuation Period 
the Certificates will pay, on the relevant payment date, a Participation Remuneration Amount as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Otherwise, if during such Participation Rebate Valuation Period, a 
Participation Rebate Event has occurred the Certificates will pay a Participation Rebate Amount, on the 
relevant payment date, specified in the relevant Final Terms. In particular, if the Participation Rebate

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Event has occurred, the investor will receive, instead of the Participation Remuneration Amount, the 
specified Participation Rebate Amount on the relevant payment date following the Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period in which the Participation Rebate Event has occurred. 
The investors will be notified of the occurrence of a Participation Rebate Event by means of a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Net Profit Feature 
If the Net Profit Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Remuneration Sum will 
be deducted from the above amounts, provided that the resulting amount cannot be lower than zero. 
Tarn Feature 
If the Tarn Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, and the Remuneration Sum 
exceeds the Tarn Amount, such event will be considered as an Early Redemption Event and, therefore, 
the Certificates are deemed to be early redeemed and the Securityholders are entitled to receive the 
payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date. 
Consolidation Effect 
If the payment of the Participation Remuneration Amount depends upon the occurrence of a Participation 
Remuneration Event, the Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for an 
automatic activation option of the following Participation Remuneration Amounts eventually payable 
during the life of the Certificates.  
In particular, if several Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods have been provided and the 
Consolidation Effect occurs, the Participation Remuneration Event will automatically occur without 
further determinations for all the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods following such 
Consolidation Valuation Period and, therefore, the investors will receive all the relevant Participation 
Remuneration Amounts, if positive. 
If the Consolidation Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published 
on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Memory Effect 
If the payment of the Participation Remuneration Amount depends upon the occurrence of a Participation 
Remuneration Event, the Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for an 
automatic activation option of the Participation Remuneration Amounts that have not previously been 
paid due to the non-occurrence of the relevant Participation Remuneration Events. 
In particular, if several Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods have been provided and the 
Memory Effect occurs, the investor will receive the previously unpaid Participation Remuneration 
Amount(s) in the event that the relevant Participation Remuneration Event has not occurred, except where 
such Participation Remuneration Amounts have been already paid due to the occurrence of a Participation 
Remuneration Event in a previous Participation Remuneration Valuation Period. 
If the Memory Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
F. 
PREMIUM GAP AMOUNT(S) 
Gap Certificates, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for the payment of 
a Premium Gap Amount that will depend on the Premium Determination Method specified by the Issuer

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
in the relevant Final Terms and on whether a Barrier Gap Event has occurred. 
A Barrier Gap Event will occur if, during the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Gap Daily Performance 
of the relevant Underlying is lower or equal to or higher than the Barrier Gap Level. 
In relation to the Premium Gap Amounts, if the Barrier Gap Event has occurred: 
(i) 
the Premium Gap Amount will be determined on the basis of the actual number of days within 
the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period and not on the basis of all the days of the 
relevant Premium Determination Period; and 
(ii) 
after the payment of the Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the first Premium Payment 
Date following the Barrier Gap Event Date on which a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, no 
further Premium Gap Amount will be paid to the investors. 
Determination Methods 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the Premium Determination Method that applies in 
relation to each Premium Determination Period. In any case, the Premium Gap Amount will not result in 
an amount lower than zero.  
The Premium Gap Amount will be determined, depending on the applicable Determination Method, 
according to one of the following formulas: 
(i) 
Floating Premium: 
Issue Price x (Premium Percentage x Reference Rate +/- Premium Margin) x Day Count 
Fraction 
(ii) 
Fixed Premium: 
Issue Price x Premium Percentage x Day Count Fraction 
(iii) 
Difference in Rates: 
Issue Price x [Premium Percentage x (Reference Rate 1 - Reference Rate 2) +/- Premium 
Margin] x Day Count Fraction 
The Day Count Fraction will depend on the number of days in the relevant Premium Gap Observation 
Period that will be composed by: 
a) 
If a Barrier Gap Event has not occurred, the same number of days comprised in the 
relevant Premium Determination Period; 
b) 
If a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, the number of days from the initial day of the 
relevant Premium Determination Period to the day on which the Barrier Gap Event has 
occurred, i.e. the Barrier Gap Event Date. 
Difference in Rates 
Where Difference in Rates is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Premium Gap Amount is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Premium 
Determination Period will, subject as provided below, be the Difference in Rates multiplied by 
the relevant Premium Percentage, if any, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
provided that the rate of interest may not be less than zero.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Difference in Rates means an amount equal to Rate 2 minus Rate 1, provided that if such 
amount is less than zero, it shall be deemed to be zero.  
Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms, 
and each shall be determined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination of the rate of interest and calculation of Premium Gap Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Premium, will at or as soon as practicable after each time 
at which the rate of interest is to be determined, determine the rate of interest for the relevant Premium 
Determination Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest in relation to the Floating Premium for the 
relevant Premium Determination Period by applying the Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to: 
(A)  
in the case Securities with Floating Premium which are represented by a Global Security, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by such Global Security; or 
(B) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Notifications of rate of interest and Premium Gap Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the rate of interest and each Premium Gap Amount for each Premium 
Determination Period and the relevant Premium Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Securities are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Premium Gap Amount and Premium Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Premium 
Determination Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Securities are for the time being listed and to the holders in accordance with Condition 9 
(Notices). 
Certifications to be final 
All certifications, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 24 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Securityholder and (in the absence of 
wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Securityholder shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions. 
G. 
FLOATING AMOUNT(S) 
Interest Rate Warrants provide for the payment of one or more Floating Amounts that will depend on the 
difference between the Reference Rate and the Interest Cap, and on the Notional Amount specified for 
each Floating Amount Determination Period, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms and according 
to the following formula:

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
[Max (0; Reference Rate – Interest Cap) x Notional Amountt ] x Day Count Fraction 
Where: 
Notional Amountt means the Notional Amount relating to each Floating Amount Determination Period 
(t=1,2,3,…n). The Notional Amount may also be equal in relation to each Floating Amount 
Determination Period, and in such case it will be referred to as Notional Amount.  
The Floating Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Floating Amount 
Determination Date and will be paid, if positive, on the relevant Floating Amount Payment Date, all as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
**** 
EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNT(S) 
The Securities, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, may provide the possibility of an 
automatic early redemption if an Early Redemption Event has occurred. In particular, if an Early Redemption 
Event has occurred the Securities will be automatically redeemed and the Securityholder:  
(i) 
in case of Certificates other than Turbo Certificates, will receive the payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of Turbo Certificates, will not receive any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will be 
always equal to 0 (zero) 
(iii) 
in case of Warrants (only applicable to Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading without prior 
offer), will not receive any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will be always equal to 0 (zero).  
In relation to Certificates (other than Turbo Certificates), the Early Redemption Amount may be a predetermined 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or may be an amount determined on the basis of the performance 
of the Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms on the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period or 
in the valuation date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms and paid, if positive, on the Early Payment Date, 
all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Early Redemption Amount is calculated according to one or more of the formulas described below, which 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for each Early Redemption Valuation Period.  
(i) 
Long Early Redemption Amount:  
{[Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Reference Value – Initial Reference Value)] 
x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Long Cap Early Redemption Amount: 
{Min [Early Cap Level; (Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Reference Value – 
Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where:

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Early Cap Level" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms, expressed as either (i) the 
product between the Early Cap Percentage and the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) a value 
predetermined by the Issuer, specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Cap Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(iii) 
Short Early Redemption Amount: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Initial Reference Value - Reference Value)] x 
Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Short Cap Early Redemption Amount: 
{Min [Early Cap Amount; (Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Initial Reference 
Value - Reference Value)) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Early Cap Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In addition, the applicable Final Terms may provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger. In 
such case, an Early Redemption Event occurs if, on the Accumulated Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the relevant Accumulated Amount payable to the investors is lower than, equal to or higher than, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Accumulating Autocallable Trigger.  
In addition, the applicable Final Terms may provide for the Tarn Amount. In such case, an Early Redemption 
Event occurs if, on a Participation Valuation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the Remuneration 
Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount.  
Furthermore, if the applicable Final Terms provide for the application of the Coupon Event, the Early 
Redemption Amount(s) payable at the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event will be determined on the basis 
of the Coupon Premium 1 or the Coupon Premium 2, depending on the occurrence of the Coupon Event. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to one or more Early redemption Valuation 
Period, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event in 
relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant Early Redemption 
Level for each Underlying. 
In relation to Certificates providing an Early Partial Capital Payment, the Early Redemption Amount to be paid 
at Early Payment Date, if Early Redemption Event has occurred, will be adjusted relative to the Outstanding 
Amount after the Early Partial Capital Payment Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
***

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
CORRIDOR EARLY AMOUNT 
In relation to Corridor Warrants only, if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Corridor Warrants will be 
automatically early redeemed and the Securityholder will either (i) not receive any amount (i.e. the investor will 
be exposed to the total loss of the capital invested) or (ii) receive the payment of the Corridor Early Amount on 
the relevant Corridor Early Payment Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The investors will be notified in the event of the early redemption of the Corridor Warrants (and, if this is the 
case, the payment of the Corridor Early Amount) by means of a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
*** 
EARLY PARTIAL CAPITAL PAYMENT  
The Certificates, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, may provide an automatic early 
repayment of part of the invested capital, regardless of the performance of the Underlying. In particular, the 
Securityholder will receive the Early Partial Capital Payment Amount on the Early Partial Capital Payment 
Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In this case, after the Early Partial Capital Payment Date, the Cash Settlement Amount to be determined 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms will be adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount.  
If applicable, also the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms will be adjusted 
relative to the Outstanding Amount. 
**** 
SETTLEMENT AMOUNT 
CALCULATION METHOD IN THE CASE OF POSITIVE AND NEGATIVE PERFORMANCE OF 
THE UNDERLYING – (BARRIER EVENT/BARRIER GAP EVENT NOT OCCURRED, IF 
APPLICABLE) 
The Securityholder will receive on the Settlement Date for each Minimum Exercise Amount the payment of the 
Cash Settlement Amount (if positive)4. 
In relation to Certificates providing an Early Partial Capital Payment, the Cash Settlement Amount to be paid (if 
positive) at Settlement Date will be adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount after the Early Partial Capital 
Payment Date. Accordingly, the Multiplier will be calculated on the basis of a percentage of the Issue Price, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in order to reflect the Outstanding Amount.  
In any case, the Cash Settlement Amount will not result in an amount lower than zero.  
In relation to the Settlement Amount, the following scenarios may occur in relation to the structure and the pay-
out provided by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms according to the following formulas (provided that, if 
more than one formula is applicable in relation to the same typology of Certificates, the relevant Final Terms 
will indicate the applicable one for the relevant issue): 
A. 
STANDARD CERTIFICATES (LONG/SHORT) 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
 
4 The Cash Settlement Amount represents the final settlement amount for each Typology.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount linked to the 
Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier. 
B. 
MAX CERTIFICATES 
MAX LONG CERTIFICATES and MAX CONSOLIDATION LONG CERTIFICATES if the 
Consolidation Floor Event has not occurred 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x 
(Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to a 
percentage of the of the Initial Reference Value (multiplied by the Multiplier), with the possibility to 
participate to the increasing performance of the Underlying depending on the Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{Min [Cap Level; Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + 
Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))]] x Multiplier} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which may 
be equal to or higher than the percentage of the Initial Reference Value (multiplied by the Multiplier). 
In any case, such Cash Settlement Amount will not exceed the Cap Level multiplied by the Multiplier. 
If the Restrike Feature is applicable, the relevant Final Terms will also indicate whether the Cap Style 1 
or the Cap Style 2 will be applicable. In particular, in case of Cap Style 1, if a Restrike Event has 
occurred, the Cap Level will be determined in accordance with the Restrike Percentage. In case of Cap 
Style 2 the Cap Level will not be taken into consideration for the purposes of the Cash Settlement 
Amount. 
MAX CONSOLIDATION LONG CERTIFICATES if the Consolidation Floor Event has occurred 
[Max (Consolidation Floor Level; Final Reference Value) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which will be 
at least equal to a percentage of the Issue Price, with the possibility to receive a higher amount 
participating to the increasing performance of the Underlying. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Consolidation Amount: 
Min {Cap Consolidation Amount; [Max (Consolidation Floor Level; Final Reference Value) x 
Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which will be 
at least equal to a percentage of the Issue Price, with the possibility to receive a higher amount 
participating to the increasing performance of the Underlying. The Cash Settlement Amount will not 
exceed the Cap Consolidation Amount. 
MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x 
(Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to a 
percentage of the Issue Price, with the possibility to receive a higher amount participating to the 
negative (decreasing) performance of the Underlying depending on the Participation Factor.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; Min (Cap Level; (Initial Reference Value + 
Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value –Final Reference Value)))] x Multiplier} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which will be 
at least equal to a percentage of the Issue Price, with the possibility to receive a higher amount 
participating to the negative (decreasing) performance of the Underlying depending on the Participation 
Factor. In any case, the Cash Settlement Amount will not exceed the Cap Level multiplied by the 
Multiplier. 
If the Restrike Feature is applicable, the relevant Final Terms will also indicate whether the Cap Style 1 
or the Cap Style 2 will be applicable. In particular, in case of Cap Style 1, if a Restrike Event has 
occurred, the Cap Level will be determined in accordance with the Restrike Percentage. In case of Cap 
Style 2 the Cap Level will not be taken into consideration for the purposes of the Cash Settlement 
Amount. 
C. 
SPREAD CERTIFICATES 
TYPE A SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial Reference 
ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount linked to the 
average between: (i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A multiplied by the 
Multiplier A and (ii) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B multiplied by the 
Multiplier B. 
TYPE B SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
{[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial Reference 
ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x [1 + Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread +/- Margin)]} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
product of (1) an amount linked to the average between (i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value 
of the Underlying A multiplied by the Multiplier A and (ii) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value 
of the Underlying B multiplied by the Multiplier B and (2) an amount linked to the Spread (if positive) 
depending on the Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a CAP: 
{[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial Reference 
ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x [1 + Participation Factor x Min (CAP; Max(0; Spread +/- Margin))]} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
product of (1) an amount linked to the average between (i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value 
of the Underlying A multiplied by the Multiplier A and (ii) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value 
of the Underlying B multiplied by the Multiplier B and (2) an amount linked to the Spread (if positive) 
depending on the Participation Factor that, in any case, will not be higher than the CAP. 
TYPE C SPREAD CERTIFICATES

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
a. 
If the Spread (+/- Margin) is higher than or equal to 0:  
Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Participation Factor x (Spread +/- Margin))] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that 
will depend on the Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (+/- the Margin). 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Participation Factor x (Spread +/- Margin))]} 
x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that 
will depend on the Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (+/- the Margin), but that will 
not be higher than the Cap Amount. 
b. 
If the Spread (+/- Margin) is lower than 0:  
Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Down Participation Factor x (Spread +/- Margin))] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that 
will depend on the Down Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (+/- the Margin).  
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Protection Amount: 
Max {Protection Amount; Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Down Participation Factor x (Spread 
+/- Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that 
will depend on the Down Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (+/- the Margin), but 
that will not be lower than the Protection Amount.  
TYPE D SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
Max [0; (Spread +/- Margin) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that will 
depend on the Spread (+/- the Margin). 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [0; (Spread +/- Margin) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that will 
depend on the Spread (+/- the Margin), but that will not be higher than the Cap Amount. 
D. 
TWIN WIN CERTIFICATES 
TWIN WIN LONG CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the Strike Percentage:  
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value 
– Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Issue Price plus an amount linked to the performance of the Underlying multiplied

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
by the Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
Min {Cap Level; [Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor x (Final 
Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)]} x Multiplier x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Issue Price plus an amount linked to the performance of the Underlying multiplied 
by the Participation Factor. In any case, the Cash Settlement Amount will not exceed the Cap 
Level multiplied by the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the 
Strike Percentage (and the Barrier Event, if applicable, has not occurred):  
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference 
Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Issue Price plus an amount linked to the performance of the Underlying multiplied 
by the Down Participation Factor. Therefore, the Twin Win Certificates will enable the 
investor to profit also from a negative performance of the Underlying. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Down Amount: 
Min {[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x (Initial 
Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier; Cap Down 
Amount} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Issue Price plus an amount linked to the performance of the Underlying multiplied 
by the Down Participation Factor. Therefore, the Twin Win Certificates will enable the 
investor to profit also from a negative performance of the Underlying. In any case, the Cash 
Settlement Amount will not be higher than the Cap Down Amount. 
TWIN WIN SHORT CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the Strike Percentage: 
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value 
– Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Issue Price plus an amount linked to the performance of the Underlying multiplied 
by the Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
Min {Cap Level; [Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor x (Final 
Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)]} x Multiplier x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Issue Price plus an amount linked to the performance of the Underlying multiplied

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
by the Participation Factor. In any case, the Cash Settlement Amount will not higher than the 
Cap Level multiplied by the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the 
Strike Percentage:  
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference 
Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Issue Price plus an amount linked to the negative (decreasing) performance of the 
Underlying multiplied by the Down Participation Factor. Therefore, the Twin Win Certificates 
will enable the investor to profit also from a negative performance of the Underlying. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Down Amount: 
Min {[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x (Initial 
Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier; Cap Down 
Amount} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Issue Price plus an amount linked to the performance of the Underlying multiplied 
by the Down Participation Factor. Therefore, the Twin Win Certificates will enable the 
investor to profit also from a negative performance of the Underlying. In any case, the Cash 
Settlement Amount will not be higher than the Cap Down Amount. 
E. 
BENCHMARK CERTIFICATES 
LONG BENCHMARK CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE AND VARIABLE MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Final Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier and, therefore, the investor will 
be exposed to the performance of the Underlying. 
(ii) 
WITH ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Annual Management Fee x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Final Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier net of the Annual Management 
Fee and, therefore, the investor will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying.  
(iii) 
WITH VARIABLE MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Variable Management Fee x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Final Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier net of the Variable 
Management Fee and, therefore, the investor will be exposed to the performance of the 
Underlying. 
SHORT BENCHMARK CERTIFICATES

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
(i) 
WITHOUT ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE AND VARIABLE MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value, multiplied by 
the Multiplier and, therefore, the exposure of the investor will be inversely proportioned to the 
performance of the Underlying. 
(ii) WITH ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier x Annual Management Fee] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value, multiplied by 
the Multiplier, net of the Annual Management Fee and, therefore, the exposure of the investor 
will be inversely proportioned to the performance of the Underlying.  
(iii) WITH VARIABLE MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier x Variable Management Fee] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value, multiplied by 
the Multiplier, net of the Variable Management Fee and, therefore, the exposure of the investor 
will be inversely proportioned to the performance of the Underlying. 
F. 
TURBO CERTIFICATES 
LONG TURBO CERTIFICATES 
Max [0; (Final Reference Value – Strike Price )] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Strike Price, multiplied by 
the Multiplier and, therefore, the investor will be exposed to the performance of the 
Underlying. 
SHORT TURBO CERTIFICATES 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value, multiplied by 
the Multiplier and, therefore, the exposure of the investor will be inversely proportioned to the 
performance of the Underlying. 
G. 
OUTPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
LONG OUTPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Up Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the performance of the Underlying, depending on the Up Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{{Min [(Initial Reference Value + Up Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial 
Reference Value)); Cap Level]} x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount, if 
positive, linked to the performance of the Underlying, depending on the Up Participation 
Factor. In any case, the Cash Settlement Amount will not exceed the Cap Level multiplied by 
the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount, if 
positive, linked to the performance of the Underlying, depending on the Down Participation 
Factor. 
SHORT OUTPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount, if 
positive, linked to the performance of the Underlying depending on the Down Participation 
Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{{Min [(Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – 
Final Reference Value)); Cap Level]} x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount, if 
positive, linked to the performance of the Underlying depending on the Down Participation 
Factor. In any case, the Cash Settlement Amount will not exceed the Cap Level multiplied by 
the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
{Max [0; [Initial Reference Value + Up Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – 
Final Reference Value)]] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the performance of the Underlying depending on the Up Participation Factor. 
H. 
BUFFER PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
In relation to such type, the formula for the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount will depend on 
whether a Buffer Event has occurred. In particular: 
a. 
If the Buffer Event has not occurred:

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Buffer Event has occurred: 
Max {Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1+ (Performance Sum – Buffer 
Percentage)]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
which will be at least equal to the Protection Percentage, with the possibility to receive an 
higher amount which will depend on the Performance Sum and the Buffer Percentage. 
I. 
GLOBAL PERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x (1+ Global Performance)] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which will be 
at least equal to the Protection Percentage, with the possibility to receive a higher amount which will 
depend on the Global Performance; 
Or 
Max Protection Percentage x Issue Price; [Issue Price x (Initial Percentage + Global Performance)] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which will be 
at least equal to the Protection Percentage, with the possibility to receive a higher amount which will 
depend on the Global Performance and on the Initial Percentage. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x (1+ Global 
Performance)]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which will be 
at least equal to the Protection Percentage, with the possibility to receive a higher amount which will 
depend on the Global Performance. In any case, the Cash Settlement Amount will not be higher than 
the Cap Amount. 
J. 
LUCKY PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
LONG LUCKY PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that 
will reflect the positive performance of the Underlying, depending on the Participation Factor. 
Or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
Max {Dropdown Protection Level x Multiplier; Min [Initial Reference Value; Initial Reference 
Value + Final Leverage x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that 
will not be lower than the Dropdown Protection Level multiplied by the Multiplier. 
SHORT LUCKY PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
inversely proportioned to the performance of the Underlying, depending on the Participation 
Factor. 
Or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
Max {Dropdown Protection Amount; Min [Initial Reference Value; Initial Reference Value + 
Final Leverage x (Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that 
will not be lower than the Dropdown Protection Amount. 
K. 
DYNAMIC PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
LONG DYNAMIC PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that 
will reflect the positive performance of the Underlying, depending on the Participation Factor. 
Or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value but equal to or 
higher than the Dynamic Protection Level: 
{Initial Reference Value + [(Initial Gearing – Final Gearing) x (Final Reference Value – 
Initial Reference Value)]} x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the performance of the Underlying multiplied by a percentage whose value will 
depend on the number of Gearing Events occurred during the life of the Certificates. 
c. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Dynamic Protection Level: 
[Protection Amount + (Step Up Amount x number of Gearing Events)] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the sum of (i) the Protection Amount and (ii) the Step Up Amount multiplied by the 
number of Gearing Events occurred during the life of the Certificates; 
SHORT DYNAMIC PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the negative performance of the Underlying depending on the Participation Factor. 
Or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount to 
the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Initial Reference Value but equal to or 
lower than the Protection Level: 
{Initial Reference Value + [(Initial Gearing – Final Gearing) x (Initial Reference Value – 
Final Reference Value)]} x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the performance of the Underlying multiplied by a percentage whose value will 
depend on the number of Gearing Events occurred during the life of the Certificates.  
c. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Dynamic Protection Level: 
[Protection Amount + (Step Up Amount x number of Gearing Events)] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the sum of (i) the Protection Amount and (ii) the Step Up Amount multiplied by the 
number of Gearing Events occurred during the life of the Certificates. 
L. 
CURRENCY CERTIFICATES

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
∑[𝑤𝑖 𝑥 (𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
)] 𝑥 𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒] 
Where: 
"N" means the number of Underlyings specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
"i" means the i-th exchange rate Underlying, and 
"wi" is the Exchange Rate Weight in respect of the i-th exchange rate Underlying. 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to a 
percentage of the Issue Price, which depends on the weighted sum of the performances of the 
Underlyings. The Issuer will indicate in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the relevant exchange rate 
Underlying and (ii) the Exchange Rates Weights.  
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Protection Percentage: 
∑[𝑤𝑖 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [ 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑖; (𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
)]] 𝑥 𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that is at least 
equal to the Protection Percentage, multiplied by the Issue Price. 
M. 
MULTIPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
MULTIPERFORMANCE LONG/SHORT CERTIFICATES 
Initial Percentage x Issue Price x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
Initial Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price. 
MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX LONG CERTIFICATES 
Max {Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1+ (Up Participation Factor x Cumulated 
Performance)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount at least equal 
to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price, with the possibility to participate to the 
increasing Cumulated Performance of the Underlyings depending on the Up Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1+ (Up Participation Factor x 
Cumulated Performance)]]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that will not 
exceed the Cap Amount. 
MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES 
Max {Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1 - (Up Participation Factor x Cumulated 
Performance)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
Initial Percentage, with the possibility to participate to the negative (decreasing) Cumulated 
Performance of the Underlyings depending on the Up Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1 - (Up Participation Factor x 
Cumulated Performance)]]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that will not 
exceed the Cap Amount. 
N. 
DUAL CURRENCY FX CERTIFICATES (LONG/SHORT) 
Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount in the Issue 
Currency linked to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier. In relation to such Typology, the 
Underlying will be an Exchange Rate. 
O. 
GAP CERTIFICATES (LONG/SHORT) 
Initial Percentage x Issue Price x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount in the Issue 
Currency equal to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price. 
P. 
CALENDAR CERTIFICATES 
Max {Protection Amount; [Issue Price x ((Final Reference Value / Initial Reference Value)+ Calendar 
Performance)]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount at least equal 
to the Protection Amount, with the possibility to receive a higher amount linked to the performance of 
the Underlying plus the Calendar Performance. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max {Protection Amount; [Issue Price x ((Final Reference Value / Initial Reference 
Value)+ Calendar Performance)]}} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that will not 
exceed the Cap Amount. 
Q. 
ONE STAR CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the One Star Event has not occurred 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in accordance with one of the payout formulas 
set out in this Condition 24, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
b. 
If the One Star Event has occurred 
(One Star Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
R. 
SWITCH CERTIFICATES

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
c. 
If the Switch Event has not occurred 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in accordance with one of the payout formulas 
set out in this Condition 24, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
d. 
If the Switch Event has occurred 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in accordance with (i) one of the payout 
formulas set out in this Condition 24 for another Typology or (ii) one of the formulas set out in 
this Condition 24 for the same Typology, but with a different Settlement Characteristic, in 
either case different from the one applicable if the Switch Event has not occurred (specified in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
S. 
CALL CERTIFICATES5  
Issue Price x Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value) / Initial 
Reference Value] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
Issue Price multiplied by the maximum between (i) 0% and (ii) the difference between the Final 
Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, divided by Initial 
Reference Value. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Issue Price x Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial 
Reference Value) / Initial Reference Value]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that will not 
exceed the Cap Amount. 
T. 
DIGITAL CERTIFICATES6 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Settlement Level (i.e. a 
Settlement Event has occurred):  
Issue Price x Digital Percentage x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to a percentage of the Issue Price (the Digital Percentage). 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Settlement Level (i.e. a Settlement Event 
has occurred):  
0 
In such case, the investor will not receive any amount on the Settlement Date and, therefore, 
will be exposed to the total loss of the capital invested. 
U. 
COMBINED AMOUNT CERTIFICATES 
Combined Amount x Minimum Exercise Amount 
 
5 The Barrier Level will never be applicable in relation to Call Certificates. 
6 The Barrier Level will never be applicable in relation to Digital Certificates.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
Combined Amount. 
V. 
LONG OUTPERFORMANCE COMBINED CERTIFICATES 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
Final Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier and, therefore, the investor will be exposed to the 
performance of the Underlying. 
W. 
REVERSE BUTTERFLY CERTIFICATES 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x 
(Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
higher of (a) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier; and (b) the Initial Percentage multiplied 
by the Multiplier, with the possibility to participate to the positive performance of the Underlying 
depending on the Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{Min [Cap Level; Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + 
Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))]] x Multiplier} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount that will not 
exceed the Cap Level multiplied by the Multiplier. 
X. 
WARRANTS 
CALL WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value) / 
Initial Reference Value] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
Notional Amount multiplied by the maximum between (i) 0% and (ii) the difference between the Final 
Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, divided by the 
Initial Reference Value. 
CALL COVERED WARRANTS 
Max [0; (Final Reference Value – Exercise Price)]  Multiplier  Minimum Exercise Number  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
maximum between (i) 0 and (ii) the Final Reference Value less the Exercise Price. The result will be 
multiplied by the Multiplier and the Minimum Exercise Number.  
CALL SPREAD WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Min {CAP; Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial 
Reference Value) / Initial Reference Value]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to 
Notional Amount multiplied by the minimum between (a) the CAP and (b) the maximum between (i)

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
0% and (ii) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value multiplied 
by the Strike Percentage, divided by the Initial Reference Value. 
PUT WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Max [0%; (Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value - Final Reference Value)/ 
Initial Reference Value] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
Notional Amount multiplied by the maximum between (i) 0% and (ii) the difference between the Initial 
Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and Final Reference Value, divided by the Initial 
Reference Value. 
PUT COVERED WARRANTS 
Max [0; (Exercise Price – Final Reference Value)]  Multiplier  Minimum Exercise Number  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
maximum between (i) 0 and (ii) the Exercise Price less the Final Reference Value. The result will be 
multiplied by the Multiplier and the Minimum Exercise Number.  
PUT SPREAD WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Min {CAP; Max [0%; (Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value - Final 
Reference Value) / Initial Reference Value]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the 
Notional Amount multiplied by the minimum between (a) the Cap and (b) the maximum between (i) 
0% and (ii) the difference between the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and 
Final Reference Value, divided by the Initial Reference Value. 
INTEREST RATE WARRANTS 
[Max (0; Reference Rate - Interest Cap) x Final Notional Amount] x Day Count Fraction 
In such case, the investor will receive a Cash Settlement Amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Settlement Determination Date relating to the Settlement Determination Period and will be equal 
to the product between: (i) the difference of the Reference Rate less the Interest Cap, (ii) the Final 
Notional Amount and (iii) the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
CORRIDOR WARRANTS 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount predetermined by the Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
*** 
CALCULATION METHOD IF A BARRIER EVENT OR A BARRIER GAP EVENT (in the 
case of Gap Certificates) IS INDICATED AS APPLICABLE IN THE RELEVANT FINAL 
TERMS AND IS OCCURRED: 
(1) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF STANDARD LONG CERTIFICATES, MAX 
LONG CERTIFICATES AND TWIN WIN LONG CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT PROTECTION LEVEL, PROTECTION PERCENTAGE, AIR BAG FACTOR, 
SIGMA AMOUNT, PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
a) 
(Final Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the performance of the Underlying (i.e. the investment in the Certificate is a direct 
investment in the Underlying). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference Value x Multiplier)] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
Or 
b) 
{[Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that depends on the Down Participation Factor. 
(ii) WITH THE PROTECTION LEVEL:  
a) 
[Max (Final Reference Value; Protection Level) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will not be lower than the Protection Level multiplied by the Multiplier. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; Max (Final Reference Value; Protection Level) x Multiplier] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
Or 
b) 
(Protection Level x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will be equal to the Protection Level multiplied by the Multiplier.  
(iii) WITH THE AIR BAG FACTOR:  
[(Final Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that depends on the Final Reference Value multiplied by the Air Bag Factor (and the 
Multiplier). Therefore, the investment loss is reduced by the Air Bag Factor in case of a 
negative performance of the Underlying. Such reduction of loss decreases with the reduction 
of the Final Reference Value until the Final Reference Value is equal to zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min[Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) x Multiplier] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
(iv) WITH THE AIR BAG FACTOR AND WITH THE PROTECTION PERCENTAGE: 
Max [Protection Percentage x Issue price; (Final Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) x 
Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will be at least equal to the Protection Percentage, with the possibility to receive an 
higher amount that depends on the Final Reference Value multiplied by the Air Bag Factor 
(and the Multiplier). In the latter case, the investment loss is reduced by the Air Bag Factor 
in case of a negative performance of the Underlying. Such reduction of loss decreases with 
the reduction of the Final Reference Value until the Final Reference Value is equal to zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max [Protection Percentage x Issue price; (Final Reference 
Value x Air Bag Factor) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
(v) 
WITH THE SIGMA AMOUNT: 
[(Final Reference Value x Multiplier) + Sigma Amount] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that depends on the Final Reference Value plus the Sigma Amount. Therefore, irrespectively 
of the performance of the Underlying, the investor will receive at least an amount equal to 
the Sigma Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference Value x Multiplier)+ Sigma Amount] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
(vi) WITH THE SIGMA AMOUNT AND WITH THE PROTECTION PERCENTAGE: 
Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final Reference Value x Multiplier) + Sigma 
Amount] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will be at least equal to the Protection Percentage, with the possibility to receive an 
higher amount that depends on the Final Reference Value plus the Sigma Amount. In the 
latter case, irrespectively of the performance of the Underlying, the investor will receive at 
least an amount equal to the Sigma Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final Reference 
Value x Multiplier) + Sigma Amount]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
that will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
(vii) WITH THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
[(Initial Reference Value x Predetermined Loss Percentage) x Multiplier] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will depend on the Predetermined Loss Percentage. 
(viii) WITH THE STRIKE PERCENTAGE AND WITH THE GEARING FACTOR: 
Max {0; Initial Reference Value x {Initial Percentage - [(Strike Percentage – Final 
Reference Value / Initial Reference Value) x Gearing Factor]} x Multiplier} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the maximum between (i) 0 and (ii) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the 
difference between (a) the Initial Percentage and (b) the difference between the Strike 
Percentage and Final Reference Value divided by the Initial Reference Value, multiplied by 
the Gearing Factor. 
(2) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF STANDARD SHORT CERTIFICATES, MAX 
SHORT CERTIFICATES AND TWIN WIN SHORT CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT SHORT PROTECTION AND PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
a) 
Max {0; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial Reference Value - Final Reference Value)] x 
Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
which is inversely proportionated to the performance of the Underlying (i.e. in a short 
position in respect of the Underlying). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max {0; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial Reference Value - 
Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier}} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
Or: 
b) 
Max {0; [Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – 
Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that depends on the Down Participation Factor. 
(ii) WITH THE SHORT PROTECTION:  
a) 
Max {Short Protection; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial Reference Value - Final 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will not be lower than the Short Protection.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max {Short Protection; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial 
Reference Value - Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier}} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
Or 
b) 
Short Protection x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that will be equal to the Short Protection.  
(iii) WITH THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
[(Initial Reference Value x Predetermined Loss Percentage) x Multiplier] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
that depends on the Predetermined Loss Percentage. 
(3) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF SPREAD CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITH THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial PercentageB x 
Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x Predetermined Loss Percentage} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
which will depend on the Predetermined Loss Percentage; 
(ii) WITH THE SPREAD PROTECTION 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial PercentageB x 
Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x [1 + Max(Spread Protection; Spread +/- 
Margin)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the protection of the Issue Price will depend on the Spread Protection. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min{Cap Barrier Amount; {{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) 
+ (Initial PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x [1 + Max(Spread 
Protection; Spread +/- Margin)]}} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
which will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
(iii) WITHOUT THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE OR THE SPREAD 
PROTECTION 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated pursuant to one of the following formulas 
and in accordance with the relevant Final Terms: 
a) 
Amount linked to the Spread

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial 
PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x Max[0; (1+ Participation 
Factor x (Spread +/- Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount directly linked to the Spread and therefore the investor may be exposed to the 
total or partial loss of the capital invested. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; {[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x 
MultiplierA) + (Initial PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x 
Max[0;(1 +Participation Factor x (Spread +/- Margin))]}} x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount which will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount;  
Or:  
b) 
Amount linked to the performance of the Underlying A 
Final Reference ValueA x MultiplierA x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount linked to the Performance of the Underlying A (i.e. the investment in the 
Certificate is a direct investment in the Underlying A) and therefore the investor may 
be exposed to the total or partial loss of the capital invested.  
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference ValueA x MultiplierA)] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount which will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount; 
Or 
c) 
Amount linked to the performance of the Underlying B 
Final Reference ValueB  x MultiplierB x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount linked to the Performance of the Underlying B (i.e. the investment in the 
Certificate is a direct investment in the Underlying B) and therefore the investor may 
be exposed to the total or partial loss of the capital invested. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount which will not exceed the Cap Barrier Amount. 
(4) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF MULTIPERFORMANCE LONG CERTIFICATES 
AND MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX LONG CERTIFICATES

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
(i) 
WITHOUT THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Issue Price x (1+ Down Participation Factor x Cumulated Performance) x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
which will depend on the Cumulated Performance of the Underlyings and the Down 
Participation Factor 
(ii) WITH THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Max [Protection Amount; Issue Price x (1+ Down Participation Factor x Cumulated 
Performance)] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
which will not be lower than the Protection Amount. 
(5) 
BARRIER 
EVENT 
IN 
THE 
CASE 
OF 
MULTIPERFORMANCE 
SHORT 
CERTIFICATES AND MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Issue Price x Max [0; (1- Down Participation Factor x Cumulated Performance)] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
which will depend on the Cumulated Performance and the Down Participation Factor. 
(ii) WITH THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Max [Protection Amount; Issue Price x (1- Down Participation Factor x Cumulated 
Performance)] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
which will not be lower than the Protection Amount. 
(6) 
BARRIER GAP EVENT IN THE CASE OF GAP LONG CERTIFICATES 
Issue Price x Max [0; 100% + Barrier Gap Leverage x (Gap Daily Performance - Barrier Gap 
Level)] x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which 
will depend on the Barrier Gap Leverage, the Gap Daily Performance and the Barrier Gap Level. 
Therefore the investor may be exposed to the total or partial loss of the capital invested. 
(7) 
BARRIER GAP EVENT IN THE CASE OF GAP SHORT CERTIFICATES 
Issue Price x Max [0; 100% + Barrier Gap Leverage x (Barrier Gap Level - Gap Daily 
Performance)] x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which 
will depend on the Barrier Gap Leverage, the Gap Daily Performance and the Barrier Gap Level. 
Therefore the investor may be exposed to the total or partial loss of the capital invested. 
(8) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF DUAL CURRENCY FX LONG/SHORT 
CERTIFICATES

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount in the 
Settlement Currency, which may be the Issue Currency or the Dual Currency, depending on the 
Final Reference Value of the Underlying (which will be an exchange rate), and it will be 
calculated pursuant to one of the following formulas: 
a. 
If the Barrier Event depends on the Final Reference Value: 
[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Conversion Rate] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
in the Dual Currency, which will depend on the Conversion Rate and on the Initial 
Percentage. 
b. 
If the Barrier Event depends on the Reference Value: 
(i) 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than (in case of Dual 
Currency FX Long Certificates) or is equal to or lower than (in case of Dual 
Currency FX Short Certificates) the Strike Level: 
Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount in the Issue Currency equal to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the 
Multiplier. 
(ii) 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than (in case of Dual Currency FX Long 
Certificates) or higher than (in case of Dual Currency FX Short Certificates) 
the Strike Level: 
[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Conversion Rate] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount in the Dual Currency, which will depend on the Conversion Rate and on 
the Initial Percentage. 
(9) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF COMBINED AMOUNT CERTIFICATES 
Max {0; Issue Price x Participation Factor x Min [0; (Final Reference Value / Initial Reference 
Value – 1)] + Combined Amount} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount which 
will depend on the Final Reference Value. Therefore the investor may be exposed to the total or 
partial loss of the capital invested. 
(10) BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF LONG OUTPERFORMANCE COMBINED 
CERTIFICATES 
a) 
Max [0; (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Predetermined Loss Percentage) 
x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
linked to the performance of the Underlying (which is always different from the Underlying 
used for the determination of the occurrence of the Barrier Event) that will depend on the 
Predetermined Loss Percentage, multiplied by the Multiplier. 
Or

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
b) 
Max[0; Predetermined Loss Amount + (Final Reference Value x Multiplier)] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Predetermined Loss Amount plus the Final Reference Value multiplied by the 
Multiplier. If such amount is negative, the Cash Settlement Amount will be equal to 0. 
(11) BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF REVERSE BUTTERFLY CERTIFICATES 
Min {Issue Price; [Max (Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Final Reference Value x 
Multiplier) + Max (0; Butterfly Level – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal to 
the minimum between (i) the Issue Price and (ii) the maximum between (1) the Protection 
Percentage of the Issue Price and (2) the Final Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier plus 
an amount (which may not be lower than zero) that is equal to the Butterfly Level minus the Final 
Reference Value, multiplied by the Multiplier. 
**** 
In relation to the Remuneration Amounts, the Early Redemption Amount and the Cash Settlement 
Amount, the following options concerning the underlying assets may be applicable, as specified from 
time to time in the relevant Final Terms: 
Series with two or more Underlyings 
Best Of Feature 
For the determination of (i) the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the event that 
triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of 
the Early Redemption Event; and/or (iii) the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) 
on which depends the calculation of such Settlement Amount; and/or (iv) the occurrence of the Barrier 
Event or any other event or effect, as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in relation to any or all 
the relevant valuation periods, the Calculation Agent selects the Best Of Underlying which is the 
Underlying with the first, second or third (and so on, depending on the number of the Underlyings and 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) best Performance compared with the other Underlying(s). 
Worst Of Feature 
For the determination of (i) the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the event that 
triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of 
the Early Redemption Event; and/or (iii) the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) 
on which depends the calculation of such Settlement Amount; and/or (iv) the occurrence of the Barrier 
Event or any other event or effect, as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in relation to any or all 
the relevant valuation periods, the Calculation Agent selects the Worst Of Underlying which is the 
Underlying with the first, second or third (and so on, on the basis of the number of the Underlyings and 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) worst Performance compared with the other Underlying(s). 
Darwin Feature  
For the determination of (i) the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the event that 
triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of 
the Early Redemption Event; and/or (iii) the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) 
on which depends the calculation of such Settlement Amount; and/or (iv) the occurrence of the Barrier 
Event or any other event or effect, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
selects, in relation to each valuation period of each event and/or in relation to each amount to be paid, 
the Underlying value to be considered (i.e. Best of Underlying, Worst of Underlying, Basket Value or 
as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
Series with a Basket as Underlying 
Digital Combo Feature (in case of Digital Amounts) 
For the calculation of the Digital Amount, the Calculation Agent will determine whether a Digital 
Event has occurred (and eventually will determine the Consolidation Level, the Memory Level, the 
Knock-out Level, the Knock-in Level) in relation to each Basket Constituent. The amount of the Digital 
Amount will therefore depend on the number of Basket Constituents in relation to which the Digital 
Event has occurred. 
Participation Combo Feature (in case of Participation Remuneration Amounts) 
For the calculation of the Participation Remuneration Amounts linked to a Basket, the Calculation 
Agent will determine (i) the arithmetic mean or (ii) the weighted average (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) or (iii) the sum of the Participation Remuneration Amounts for each single Basket 
Constituent, as calculated taking into account for each single Basket Constituent the relevant CAP (if 
applicable), Floor Percentage, Participation Factor, Strike Remuneration Percentage, Base Premium 
Percentage (if applicable) and Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing (if applicable), as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms. However, for the purpose of the calculation of the Cash Settlement 
Amount and the Early Redemption Amount (if applicable), the Calculation Agent will take into account 
the Initial Reference Value, the Final Reference Value, the Early Redemption Level (if applicable), the 
Barrier Level (if applicable), the Cap Level (if applicable) and the Protection Level (if applicable) in 
relation to the Basket as a whole. Such calculation method shall not apply to Spread Certificates and 
Multiperformance Certificates. 
Rainbow Feature 
Unlike the instruments linked to one or more Underlying(s), the Issuer will indicate in the applicable 
Final Terms: (i) the financial activities which represent the Basket Constituents, (ii) the relative 
weighting within the Basket without any preliminary reference to specific financial activities and (iii) 
the objective criteria pursuant to which the weight will be allocated by the Calculation Agent (for 
instance, in a Basket constituted by three financial activities, the Basket would be weighted as follows: 
50% for the Basket Constituent with the best performance; 30% for the Basket Constituent with the 
worst performance; and 20% for a Basket Constituent with the second best performance).  
For each determination (during the life of the Certificates and at the exercise date), the Calculation 
Agent will weigh the relevant Basket Constituents on the basis of the performance registered on such 
Determination Date and pursuant to the objective criteria provided under the Final Terms. The 
allocation of the weights within a Basket may result differently on each Determination Date and 
depending on the performance of the Basket Constituents. 
The Calculation Agent will then calculate the total amount of the Basket pursuant to the methods 
applied to the instruments normally linked to the Basket. Such feature shall not apply to the Spread 
Certificates. 
25. 
Reverse Split of Turbo Certificates 
If "Reverse Split" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer may, at its option, 
effect a Reverse Split of the relevant Series of Turbo Certificates. In such event, the Issuer may give the

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
Reverse Split Trigger Notice to Securityholders within a number of days equal to the Reverse Split 
Notice Period informing them of its intention to effect a Reverse Split with respect to the relevant 
Turbo Certificates. After the giving of such Reverse Split Trigger Notice, with effect from the relevant 
Reverse Split Effective Date and without the consent of the Securityholders, the number of Turbo 
Certificates before the Reverse Split (the Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates) held by each 
Securityholder (the “Existing Holding”) will be aggregated and such Turbo Certificates will be 
converted into a smaller number of Turbo Certificates (Converted Turbo Certificates and the aggregate 
holding of such Converted Turbo Certificates including the Unconverted Turbo Certificates (if any and 
as defined below) by a Turbo Certificates Securityholder, the “Revised Holding”) calculated by 
dividing the number of Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates by the Reverse Split Ratio.  
If, after the application of the Reverse Split Ratio to the Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates held by each 
Securityholder: 
- the aggregate number of the Certificates held by any Securityholder is lower than the 
applicable Reverse Split Ratio; or 
- the aggregate number of Certificates held by any Securityholder divided by the applicable 
Reverse Split Ratio does not result in an integer number; 
the number of the Certificates which cannot be replaced by one Converted Turbo Certificates (in each 
case the “Unconverted Turbo Certificates”) will be bought back by the Issuer at the Reverse Split 
Cash Settlement Price. The Securityholders of Unconverted Turbo Certificates shall receive a cash 
amount on the Reverse Split Settlement Date equal to the Reverse Split Cash Settlement Amount. 
Upon conversion of Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates into Converted Turbo Certificates, the 
applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be amended to set out the changes to be made to the terms of 
the Converted Turbo Certificates provided that, as a result of such changes the market value of the 
Revised Holding calculated immediately after the Reverse Split is the same as the market value of the 
Existing Holding calculated immediately before the Reverse Split. 
Following the conversion of Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates into Converted Turbo Certificates, all 
references in these Terms and Conditions to Turbo Certificates shall be deemed to be references to the 
Converted Turbo Certificates.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
ANNEX TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES -  
FORM OF PHYSICAL DELIVERY CONFIRMATION NOTICE 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Issuer) 
[Details of issue] 
(the Securities) 
When completed this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice should be sent by authenticated swift message (to 
be confirmed in writing) to whichever of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg records or will record on its 
books ownership of the Securities being exercised, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent and to the Issuer 
or, if the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice relates to Securities represented by Definitive Securities, should 
be delivered along with the Securities to the Issuer with a copy to the Principal Security Agent. The Issuer will 
not in any circumstances be liable to the Securityholder or any other person for any loss or damage to any 
Definitive Securities deposited with it, unless such loss or damage was caused by the fraud or negligence of the 
Issuer or its directors, officers or employees. 
 
To: 
 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B–1210 Brussels 
Belgium] 
 
 
or: 
[Clearstream Banking, S.A.  
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg]*7 
 
 
or: 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy]*  
 
 
cc: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
28-32 Place de la Gare 
L-1616 Luxembourg  
Luxembourg  
 
 
 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
 
7 *Delete as applicable

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
Italy]* 
 
If this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is determined to be incomplete or not in proper form (in the 
determination of the Principal Security Agent), or is not copied to the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer 
immediately after being delivered or sent to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or, in the case of Definitive 
Securities, is not delivered to the Issuer and copied to the Principal Security Agent), it will be treated as null and 
void. 
If this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, in the case of 
Definitive Securities, to the satisfaction of the Issuer in consultation with the Principal Security Agent), it will be 
deemed to be a new Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered 
to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, in the 
case of Definitive Securities, to the Issuer and copied to the Principal Security Agent). 
This Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice should be completed and delivered as provided in the terms and 
conditions of the Securities as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant provisions of the applicable Terms 
of the Issue (the Conditions). Expressions defined in such Conditions shall bear the same meanings herein. 
This Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice will be null and void unless the beneficial owner certifies on the 
date of exercise that such owner is not a "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and no securities or other property have 
been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in 
connection with this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. 
PLEASE USE BLOCK CAPITALS 
1. 
Name(s) and Address(es) of Securityholders: 
Name 
 
 
Address  
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Series Number and Number of Securities 
The series number of Securities the subject of this notice is: 
The number of Securities the subject of this notice is as follows: 
Securities 
[               ] 
 
3. 
Account details: 
[I/We* hereby irrevocably instruct Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg* to debit on or before the Settlement 
Date my/our* Securities Account specified below with the number of Securities the subject of this notice.]* 
I/We* hereby undertake to pay any applicable Expenses and I/we* hereby irrevocably instruct

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg/the Principal Security Agent* to debit my/our* Cash Account specified 
below with an amount or amounts in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses to the extent of such amount or 
amounts]. 
My/Our* account details are as follows: 
[Securities Account with Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg* 
No.: 
 
 
Name:  
] 
Cash Account with Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg 
No.: 
 
 
Name:  
* 
 
 
4. 
Settlement 
4.1 
Not applicable for Currency Securities 
Insert details (as detailed in the applicable Terms of the Issue) as to how Entitlement is to be delivered: 
 
 
Any cash payable (either in the event of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating 
to the Entitlement or as a result of a Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
occurring and the Issuer electing to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount or the Failure to Deliver Settlement 
Price) should be credited to my/our Cash Account specified in paragraph 3. 
4.2 
Applicable to Currency Certificates Only 
My/Our Cash Account to be credited with the amount due to me/us* in respect of the Certificates the subject of 
this notice are set out in paragraph 3. 
 
5. 
Certification of Non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
The undersigned hereby certify/ies that as of the date hereof none of the Certificates exercised hereby is or will 
be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by a "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act and no securities or other property have been or will be delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with this Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice. 
I/We understand that certain portions of this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice are required in connection 
with certain tax, securities and other laws of the United States. If administrative or legal proceedings are 
commenced or threatened in connection with which this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is or would be

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
relevant, I/we irrevocably authorise you to produce this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice to any interested 
party in such proceedings. 
Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities. 
Name(s) of Securityholder(s): 
Signed/By: 
Dated: 
[N.B. If the provisions of Condition 4(C) (Issuer's Option to vary Settlement) apply then amendment will need 
to be made to this form of Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice to reflect such option.]

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Securities for general corporate purposes, including 
making a profit or as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms. A substantial portion of the proceeds may 
be used to hedge market risks with respect to the Securities.  
If in respect of any particular issue of Securities, there is a particular identified use of proceeds (for instance in 
relation to the issuance of Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates, or Sustainability 
Certificates), this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Organisation of the Group  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. Origins  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is the result of the merger by incorporation of Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. with Banca Intesa 
S.p.A. (effective 1 January 2007).  
Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. was originally established in 1925 under the name of La Centrale and invested in the 
business of the production and distribution of electricity. After the nationalisation of companies in this sector in 
the early 1960s, the company changed its name to La Centrale Finanziaria Generale, acquiring equity 
investments in various companies in the banking, insurance and publishing sector. The company merged by 
incorporation with Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano in 1985 and assumed its name and constitutional objects. 
Following the acquisition of Cassa di Risparmio delle Province Lombarde S.p.A. ("Cariplo") in January 1998, 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to Gruppo Banca Intesa. Then, in 2001, Banca Commerciale 
Italiana S.p.A. was merged into the Gruppo Banca Intesa and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to 
"Banca Intesa Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A.". On 1 January 2003 the corporate name was changed to 
"Banca Intesa S.p.A.". 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo IMI") was formed in 1998 through the merger of Istituto Mobiliare Italiano 
S.p.A. ("IMI") and Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo"). 
Sanpaolo originated from the "Compagnia di San Paolo" brotherhood, which was set up in 1563 to help the 
needy. The "Compagnia di San Paolo" began undertaking credit activities and progressively developed into a 
banking institution during the nineteenth century, becoming a public law credit institution (Istituto di Credito di 
Diritto Pubblico) in 1932. Between 1960 and 1990, Sanpaolo expanded its network nationwide through a 
number of acquisitions of local banks and medium-sized regional banks, ultimately reaching the level of a 
multifunctional group of national importance in 1991 after its acquisition of Crediop. On 31 December 1991, 
Sanpaolo became a stock corporation (società per azioni) with the name Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino 
Società per Azioni. 
IMI was established as a public law entity in 1931 and during the 1980s it developed its specialist credit and 
investment banking services and, with Banca Fideuram, its professional asset management and financial 
consultancy services. IMI became a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) in 1991. 
The merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI and the creation of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
The boards of directors of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI unanimously approved the merger of Sanpaolo IMI 
with Banca Intesa on 12 October 2006 and the merger became effective on 1 January 2007. The surviving entity 
changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the parent company of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Legal Status  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is a company limited by shares, incorporated in 1925 under the laws of Italy and 
registered with the Companies' Registry of Turin under registration number 00799960158. It is also registered 
on the National Register of Banks under no. 5361 and is the parent company of "Gruppo Intesa Sanpaolo". 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. operates subject to the Banking Law.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
Registered Office  
The Issuer's registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy) and its telephone number is +39 
0115551. Intesa Sanpaolo's secondary office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan (Italy). 
Website  
The Issuer's website is https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/. The information on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Objects 
The objects of the Issuer are deposit-taking and the carrying-on of all forms of lending activities, including 
through its subsidiaries. The Issuer may also, in compliance with laws and regulations applicable from time to 
time and subject to obtaining the required authorisations, provide all banking and financial services, including 
the establishment and management of open-ended and closed-ended supplementary pension schemes, as well as 
the performance of any other transactions that are incidental to, or connected with, the achievement of its 
objects. 
Ratings 
The credit ratings assigned to the Issuer are the following: 
• 
BBB (high) (1) by DBRS Rating GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar”); 
• 
BBB- (2) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings"); 
• 
Baa1 (3) by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"); and 
• 
BBB (4) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings").  
Each of DBRS Morningstar, Fitch Ratings, Moody's and S&P Global Ratings is established in the EEA or in the 
United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
(1) BBB (high): Adequate credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered 
acceptable. May be vulnerable to future events. (Source: DBRS Morningstar) 
(2) BBB: Good credit quality. ‘BBB’ ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. The 
modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories. 
(Source: Fitch Ratings) 
(3) Baa1: issuers rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risk. Their bonds are considered medium-grade and as 
such may possess speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic 
rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of 
its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking 
in the lower end of that generic rating category. (Source: Moody's) 
(4) BBB: adequate capacity to meet financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing 
circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. (Source: 
S&P Global Ratings) 
Share Capital  
As at 11 May 2021, the Issuer's issued and paid-up share capital amounted to €10,084,445,147.92, divided into 
19,430,463,305 ordinary shares without nominal value. Since 11 May 2021, there has been no change to the 
Issuer's share capital.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a subsequent date 
result in a change of control of the Issuer. 
Information on the material changes in the issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last 
financial year  
Since 31 December 2020, the closing date of the last financial year, there have been no substantial changes in 
the Issuer's financing and borrowing structure.  
Description of the expected financing of the issuer’s activities  
Group liquidity remains high: as at 31 December 2020, both the regulatory indicators LCR (Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio) and NSFR (Net Stable Funding Ratio), also adopted as internal liquidity risk measurement metrics, were 
well above fully phased-in requirements established by Regulation 575/2013 and Directive 2013/36/EU. At the 
end of December, the Central Banks eligible liquidity reserves came to 289 billion Euro (190 billion Euro at the 
end of December 2019), of which 195 billion Euro, net of haircut, was unencumbered (118 billion Euro at the 
end of December 2019) and unused. The loan to deposit ratio at the end of December 2020, calculated as the 
ratio of loans to customers to direct deposits from banking business, came to 88%, excluding UBI Banca (93% 
at the end of 2019). In terms of funding, the extensive branch network remains a stable, reliable source: 83% of 
direct deposits from banking business come from retail operations (381 billion Euro, excluding UBI Banca). The 
Group's participation in the ECB's TLTRO III financing transactions at the end of December 2020 amounted to 
approximately 83 billion (approximately 49 billion at the end of 2019).  
Organisational Structure of the Divisions (1) as at 31 December 2020  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Managing 
Director and 
CEO 
C. Messina 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banca dei 
Territori(*) 
Division 
S. Barrerse 
 
 
IMI Corporate 
& Investment 
Banking 
Division 
M. Micillo 
 
 
International 
Subsidiary 
Banks Division 
 
M.E. Rottigni 
 
 
Private 
Banking 
Division 
 
T.Corcos 
 
 
Asset 
Management 
Division 
 
S. Perissinotto 
 
 
Insurance 
Division 
 
N.M. 
Fioravanti 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Banca 5 
Banca Intesa (**); 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Ireland; 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Luxembourg; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Brasil 
Banca Intesa 
Beograd; 
Bank of Alexandria; 
CIB Bank; 
Eximbank; 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
(***); 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Albania; 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Romania; 
Fideuram; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Banking; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Bank (Suisse) 
Morval; 
SIREF Fiduciaria 
Eurizon 
Fideuram Vita; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Assicura; 
Intesa Sanpaolo Life; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
RBM Salute 
Intesa Sanpaolo Vita;

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina; 
Pravex Bank; 
Privredna Banka 
Zagreb; 
VUB Banka 
 
(*) 
 Domestic commercial banking 
(**)   Russian Federation 
(***) Slovenia 
(1) UBI Banca (CEO Gaetano Miccichè) has been temporarily considered as a separate business area 
In Italy, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is one of the top banking groups in Europe and is committed to supporting 
the economy in the countries in which it operates, specifically in Italy where it is also committed to becoming a 
reference model in terms of sustainability and social and cultural responsibility. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group has 14.7 million customers and approximately 5,300 branches.  
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is the leading provider of financial products and services to both households and 
enterprises in Italy. 
The Group has a strategic international presence, with approximately 1,000 branches and 7.1 million customers. 
It is among the top players in several countries in Central Eastern Europe and in the Middle East and North 
Africa, through its local subsidiary banks: the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ranks first in Serbia, second in Croatia and 
Slovakia, fourth in Albania, fifth in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Egypt, and sixth in Moldova, Slovenia and 
Hungary.  
As at 31 December 2020, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group had total assets of €1,002,614 million, customer loans of 
€461,572 million, direct deposits from banking business of €524,999 million and direct deposits from insurance 
business and technical reserves of €175,279 million. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates through six divisions: 
(a) The Banca dei Territori division: focuses on the market and centrality of the territory for stronger 
relations with individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and non-profit entities. The division 
includes the activities in industrial credit, leasing and factoring, as well as instant banking through the 
partnership between the subsidiary Banca 5 and SisalPay (Mooney). 
(b) The IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division: a global partner which, taking a medium-long 
term view, supports corporates, financial institutions and public administration, both nationally and 
internationally. Its main activities include capital markets and investment banking. The division is 
present in 25 countries where it facilitates the cross-border activities of its customers through a 
specialist network made up of branches, representative offices and subsidiary banks focused on 
corporate banking.  
(c) The International Subsidiary Banks division: includes the following commercial banking 
subsidiaries: Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania in Albania, Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i Hercegovina in 
Bosnia and Herzegovina, Privredna Banka Zagreb in Croatia, the Prague branch of VUB Banka in the 
Czech Republic, Bank of Alexandria in Egypt, Eximbank in Moldova, CIB Bank in Hungary, Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank Romania in Romania, Banca Intesa Beograd in Serbia, VUB Banka in Slovakia, Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank in Slovenia and Pravex Bank in Ukraine. 
(d) The Private Banking division: serves the customer segment consisting of private clients and high net 
worth individuals with the offering of products and services tailored for this segment. The division 
includes Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking with 5,741 private bankers.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
(e) The Asset Management division: asset management solutions targeted at the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
customers, commercial networks outside the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, and the institutional clientele. The 
division includes Eurizon with €273 billion of assets under management. 
(f) The Insurance division: insurance and pension products tailored for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
clients. The division includes Intesa Sanpaolo Vita, Intesa Sanpaolo Life, Fideuram Vita, Intesa 
Sanpaolo Assicura and Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute, with direct deposits and technical reserves of 
€175 billion. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. in the last two years  
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2019 – Highlights 
During the first nine months of 2019, the corporate simplification process envisaged by the business plan 
continued according to the established schedule. 
Specifically, the deed of merger by incorporation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group Services into Intesa Sanpaolo was 
signed on 11 January. The merger took effect with respect to third parties on 21 January 2019, while the 
operations conducted by the incorporated company were posted to the financial statements of the absorbing 
company, including for tax purposes, effective from 1 January 2019. 
On 1 February 2019, the merger between Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking (Suisse) S.A. and Banque Morval 
S.A. was completed. After obtaining the authorisations from the competent supervisory authorities, the new 
bank was renamed Intesa Sanpaolo Private Bank (Suisse) Morval S.A. It was created to contribute to the 
strategic initiative outlined in the 2018-2021 business plan of the Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking Division. The 
new company, which the London branch also reports to, is continuing the process of international expansion 
already begun by Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking. The main branches (Geneva and Lugano) and 
the international network of private bankers will enable the expansion of the geographical footprint to high-
potential countries, particularly in the Middle East and South America. 
On 5 February 2019, the deeds were also signed for the merger by incorporation of Cassa di Risparmio di Pistoia 
e della Lucchesia into Intesa Sanpaolo, with an increase in the absorbing company's share capital of €64,511.72 
through the issue of 124,061 ordinary shares without nominal value, and for the merger by incorporation of 
Cassa di Risparmio in Bologna and Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze. The legal effects of the transactions started 
from 25 February 2019, while the accounting and tax effects started from 1 January 2019. 
On 15 January 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo published a press release with the following wording: 
"With reference to recent news in the press regarding communication from the ECB to the banks supervised 
about their gradual reaching in the next few years of a coverage ratio of NPL stock in line with that set for 
inflows in the Addendum to the ECB Guidance on NPLs as of 1 April 2018, Intesa Sanpaolo does not envisage 
any significant impact in respect of targets and forecasts concerning its income statement and balance sheet for 
the 2018 financial year and the 2018-2021 Business Plan, already disclosed to the market." 
On 8 February 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo received notification of the ECB's final decision concerning the capital 
requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 March 2019, following the results of the 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The overall capital requirement Intesa Sanpaolo has to 
meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.96% under the transitional arrangements for 2019 and 9.38% 
on a fully loaded basis. 
The overall capital requirement ISP has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.96% under the 
transitional arrangements for 2019 and 9.38% on a fully loaded basis. 
In February 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo announced the invitation to the holders or beneficial owners of the following 
series of notes outstanding: (i) U.S.$1,000,000,000 5.25% Section 3(a)(2) Notes Due 2024, (ii) 
U.S.$1,250,000,000 3.875% Rule 144A Notes Due July 14, 2027, (iii) U.S.$1,000,000,000 3.875% Rule 144A 
Notes Due 2028, and (iv) U.S.$500,000,000 4.375% Rule 144A Notes Due 2048 or the global receipts 
representing beneficial interests in any Series of Notes issued through Citibank N.A. as the receipt issuer, to 
tender their notes for the cash purchase by the Issuer, as described in the Tender Offer Memorandum of 7 
February 2019. The offers, not subject to any future issue on the capital markets, form part of the liability

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
management transactions carried out by the Issuer. At the close of the transaction, the total nominal amount 
tendered and accepted was USD 2,100,761,000. 
On 30 April 2019, the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo – in addition to approving its financial 
statements, the allocation of the net income for the year and the distribution of the dividend to shareholders, the 
financial statements of the merged companies Intesa Sanpaolo Group Services and Cassa di Risparmio di Pistoia 
e della Lucchesia – appointed EY S.p.A. as the independent auditors for the financial years 2021-2029, 
determining their fee. The Shareholders' Meeting also appointed the members of the Board of Directors and the 
Management Control Committee for financial years 2019-2021 on the basis of slates of candidates submitted by 
the shareholders. 
The Shareholders' Meeting then passed specific resolutions on the remuneration and own shares. Specifically, it: 
• 
approved the remuneration policies in respect of the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
• 
determined the remuneration of the Board of Directors; 
• 
approved the remuneration and incentive policies for 2019 and voted in favour of the procedures used 
to adopt and implement the remuneration and incentive policies, as described in the Report on 
Remuneration; 
• 
approved the increase in the variable-to-fixed remuneration cap for personnel operating exclusively in 
the Investment Management units belonging to Intesa Sanpaolo Group Asset Management entities, both 
in Italy and abroad; 
• 
authorised the purchase and disposal of own shares to service the 2018 annual incentive plan. 
Lastly, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the proposal for the settlement of the liability action brought against 
Alberto Guareschi and Roberto Menchetti in their capacity as former Chairman and former General Manager of 
Banca Monte Parma, with proceeds of €4.35 million. 
On 2 May 2019, the Board of Directors unanimously appointed Carlo Messina as Managing Director and CEO, 
granting him the powers necessary and appropriate to ensure consistent management of Intesa Sanpaolo. 
The first sell-back of high-risk loans deriving from the Venetian banks in compulsory administrative liquidation 
was launched on 11 May 2019, following notification of Intesa Sanpaolo on 11 March 2019 from the Ministry 
of the Economy and Finance of the issue of the decree formalising the high-risk guarantee for a total of €4 
billion. The high-risk positions reclassified as "bad loans" and/or "unlikely to pay loans" were sold back for 
€456 million, calculated per the contract on the basis of the gross carrying value of the reclassified high-risk 
loans, less (i) provisions at the date of execution and (ii) 50% of the impairment losses which under IAS/IFRS 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group would have recognised had the Banks in compulsory administrative 
liquidation not had the obligation to purchase. Since the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group had already reclassified 
the loans in question as discontinued operations at a carrying amount consistent with the above consideration, no 
differences between the net value of the loans sold and their sell-back price emerged. As at 30 June 2019, 
discontinued operations included the residual high-risk loans classified in the interim as "bad loans" and/or 
"unlikely-to-pay loans" and to be sold back by the end of 2019. 
On 14 May 2019, the deed was signed for the merger by incorporation of Banca Apulia S.p.A. into Intesa 
Sanpaolo, with the issue of 247,398 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares bearing regular dividend rights, without 
nominal value, and an increase in share capital from 9,085,534,363.36 to 9,085,663,010.32. The deed of merger 
by incorporation of Banca Prossima S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was then signed on 24 May 2019. The legal 
effects of these two operations started on 27 May 2019 and were posted to the financial statements of the 
absorbing company from 1 January 2019 also for tax purposes. Lastly, the merger plan for the merger by 
incorporation of Mediocredito Italiano into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed on 14 June 2019. Such merger has been 
effective as at 11 November 2019. 
As at 30 June 2019, discontinued operations included the residual high-risk loans classified in the interim as 
"bad loans" and/or "unlikely-to-pay loans" and to be sold back by the end of 2019. 
As a result of the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities and certain legal relationships of the former 
Venetian banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and the resulting provisions of the European 
Competition Authority to the Italian government, in the agreements dated 13 July and 12 October 2017, the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group resolved to reduce staff by 4,000 resources (of which at least 1,000 within the

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
scope of the former Venetian banks) by 30 June 2019. 
As around 6,850 applications had been received, a number much higher than the 3,000 expected (in addition to 
the 1,000 applications regarding the former Venetian banks), also with a view to the business plan under 
preparation, the subsequent integration agreement of 21 December 2017 confirmed the acceptance of the "public 
offer" of the protocol dated 12 October 2017 for all staff that applied, extending the validity of the agreement for 
voluntary access to the Solidarity Fund to 30 June 2020. 
The postponement of the exits to 30 June 2020 and the reduction in the average time drawing on the Solidarity 
Fund made it possible to optimise the charges for voluntary exits to be borne by the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking 
Group. 
At the start of 2019, as a result of the effects of the legislative changes regarding pensions, the trade unions 
requested the assessment of the possibility of re-opening the terms for access to the Solidarity Fund and the 
retirement schemes set out in those agreements also to staff that, as a result of said legislative measures, could 
now fall within the scope of addressees of the protocol dated 12 October 2017. 
In that context, without prejudice to the overall amounts allocated to the Solidarity Fund and the exits for 
retirement pursuant to the agreements of 13 July, 12 October and 21 December 2017, and considering the full 
completion of the process of integrating the businesses of the former Venetian banks which, as a result of the 
achievement of synergies improved the measurement of excess production capacity, the Group confirmed its 
willingness to permit the voluntary exits also of people who were previous excluded, as an alternative to the 
required professional reallocation envisaged in the business plan. 
In order to allow for incentives for the retirement of up to 1,000 people and for up to 600 people to participate in 
the Solidarity Fund, the agreement extended to 30 June 2021 the option to access the Solidarity Fund. 
In the second quarter, the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group carried out the voluntary realignment of some tax 
values. Specifically, Intesa Sanpaolo exercised the option set out in Law no. 145/2018 (Budget Act 2019) to 
realign tax values to their higher carrying amounts, with regard to owned real estate assets, for which values to 
realign were identified for €1,955.6 million. These mainly derive from the revaluations carried out starting with 
the 2017 financial statements, following the adoption of the criteria for revaluation of the value of owner-
occupied properties (IAS 16) and of the fair value for investment property (IAS 40). These correspond to a 
substitute tax of €269.4 million. At consolidated level, the exercise of this option resulted in: i) the recognition 
of substitute tax of €269.4 million, of which €93.9 million posted to the income statement for the period and 
€175.5 million to shareholders' equity; ii) the derecognition of net deferred tax liabilities of €622.6 million, of 
which €217.1 million through profit or loss and €405.5 million through shareholders' equity, with a positive 
impact on the income statement of the period of € 123.2 million and an additional €230 million in shareholders' 
equity. The Board of Directors identified the share premium reserve in the financial statements to be classified 
as the suspended tax reserves, in an amount equal to the difference between the higher values realigned and the 
substitute tax due (€1,686.2 million), which will be subject to approval by the ordinary shareholders' meeting of 
Intesa Sanpaolo at the next possible meeting, presumably on approval of the 2019 Financial Statements. 
On 31 July 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo and Prelios reached a binding agreement to form a strategic partnership in 
respect of loans classified as unlikely to pay (UTP). The agreement reached with a leading player in the UTP 
segment, which adds to the strategic partnership with Intrum in respect of bad loans finalised in 2018, will 
enable the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to focus - also thanks to the redeployment of skilled employees, in the region 
of a few hundred people - on the proactive credit management of early delinquency loan portfolio (specifically, 
the Pulse initiative) using the best external platforms for the management of subsequent stages, and to further 
accelerate the achievement of the NPL reduction target set out in the 2018-2021 Business Plan. 
The agreement consists of the two transactions outlined below. 
• 
A 10-year contract for the servicing of UTP Corporate and SME loans of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to 
be provided by Prelios initially covering a portfolio worth around €6.7 billion of gross book value, with 
terms and conditions in line with market standards and a fee structure mostly composed of a variable 
component specifically aimed at maximising the return of positions to performing status; 
• 
the disposal and securitisation of a portfolio of UTP Corporate and SME loans of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group worth around €3 billion of gross book value, at a price of around €2 billion which is in line with 
the carrying value. Taking this disposal into consideration with reference to the figures as at the end of

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
June 2019, the NPL to total loan ratio would be down from 8.4% to 7.6% gross, from 4.1% to 3.6% net, 
and the NPL reduction achieved in the first 18 months of the 2018-2021 Business Plan would be as 
much as around 80% of the target set for the entire four-year period, at no extraordinary cost to 
shareholders. The capital structure of the securitisation vehicle will be the following, in order to obtain 
full accounting and regulatory derecognition of the portfolio at the closing date: 
− a Senior Tranche equivalent to 70% of the portfolio price, to be underwritten by Intesa Sanpaolo; 
− Junior and Mezzanine Tranches equivalent to the remaining 30% of the portfolio price, to be 
underwritten to the tune of 5% by Intesa Sanpaolo and the remaining 95% by Prelios and third-party 
investors. 
The finalisation of the transactions above is subject to authorisation being received from the competent 
authorities. The transactions are compliant with the Group's income statement and balance sheet targets and 
forecasts which have already been disclosed to the market for the 2019 financial year and the 2018-2021 
Business Plan. They do not affect the strategic partnership in place with Intrum. 
On 9 September 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo has received notification of the ECB's permission to calculate the 
Group's consolidated capital ratios applying the so-called Danish Compromise – under which insurance 
investments are risk weighted instead of being deducted from capital – as of the regulatory filings for 30 
September 2019. 
On 18 September 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo communicated that it concluded the ordinary share buy-back 
programme launched on 17 September 2019 and announced to the market in a press release dated 16 September 
2019. The programme executes a plan that assigns, free of charge, ordinary shares of Intesa Sanpaolo to the 
Group's employees; this covers the share-based incentive plan for 2018 reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a 
bonus in excess of the so-called "materiality threshold", as well as for those who, among Managers or 
Professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue "relevant bonuses". In addition, the programme has been 
implemented in order to grant, when certain conditions occur, severance payments to Risk Takers upon early 
termination of employment. The programme has been carried out in accordance with the terms approved at the 
Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo on 30 April 2019. Moreover, the Bank's subsidiaries indicated in the 
aforementioned press release have concluded their purchase programmes of Intesa Sanpaolo's shares to be 
assigned, free of charge, to their employees. The programmes were approved by their respective corporate 
bodies within their remits and are analogous to the programme approved at Intesa Sanpaolo's Shareholders' 
Meeting. 
In compliance with Article 113-ter of Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998, Article 5 of the Regulation 
(EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and Article 2 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016, details concerning the purchases executed 
are provided below. Information is also given by Intesa Sanpaolo on behalf of the aforementioned subsidiaries. 
On the two days of execution of the programme (17 and 18 September 2019), the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
purchased a total of 17,137,954 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares through Banca IMI (now Corporate and 
Investment Banking Division post merger into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.) (which was responsible for the 
programme execution). These represent approximately 0.10% of the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo. The 
average purchase price was €2.129 per share, for a total countervalue of €36,481,543. The Bank purchased 
12,393,958 shares at an average purchase price of €2.129 per share, for a countervalue of €26,388,935. 
Purchase transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and following and 
2359-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits of number of shares and consideration as 
determined in the resolutions passed by the competent corporate bodies. Pursuant to Article 132 of TUF and 
Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases were executed on the 
regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid down in the market 
rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases have been arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under Article 5 
of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and 
Articles 2, 3, and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
The total number of shares purchased and, therefore, the daily volume of purchases executed, did not exceed 
25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2019, which was equal

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
to 127.3 million shares. 
On 26 November 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo has received notification of the ECB's final decision concerning the 
capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 January 2020, following the 
results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). 
The overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 9.18% under the 
transitional arrangements for 2020 and 9.38% on a fully loaded basis. 
This is the result of: 
• 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.5% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.5% made up entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio; 
• 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
− 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% on a fully loaded basis from 2019, 
− 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.56% under the 
transitional arrangements for 2020 and 0.75% on a fully loaded basis in 2021, 
− 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.1%.8 
Intesa Sanpaolo's capital ratios as at 30 September 2019 on a consolidated basis - net of €2,648 million 
dividends accrued in the first nine months of 2019 - were as follows: 
• 
14% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio910 
• 
17.8% in terms of Total Capital ratio89 
calculated by applying the transitional arrangements for 2019, and 
• 
14.2% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis811 
• 
18.2% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis810. 
On 3 December 2019, concerning the Prelios agreement, Intesa Sanpaolo published a press release with the 
following wording: 
"Having received the required authorisations from the relevant authorities, Intesa Sanpaolo and Prelios have 
finalised the agreement concerning the strategic partnership in respect of loans classified as unlikely to pay 
(UTP), which was signed on 31 July 2019 and disclosed to the market on the same day. The agreement consists 
of a contract for servicing activities to be provided by Prelios aimed at maximising the return of positions to 
performing status and the disposal and securitisation of a portfolio, in respect of UTP Corporate and SME loans 
of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group." 
 
8 
Calculated taking into account the exposures as at 30 September 2019 in the various countries where the Group has a 
presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating either to 2019-
2020, where available, or to the latest update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 
2019). 
9 
After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 80% of net income for the first nine months of the year, and the 
coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
10 
Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 13.1% for the Common 
Equity Tier 1 ratio and 17.1% for the Total Capital ratio. 
11 
Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2019, taking into 
account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan adjustments, the first 
time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285 million covering the integration and 
rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto 
Banca, the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and the expected distribution of the 9M 2019 net 
income of insurance companies that exceeds the amount of reserves already distributed in the first quarter.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
On 19 December 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo and Nexi reached a strategic agreement which provides for: 
- 
the transfer to Nexi of the Intesa Sanpaolo business line consisting of the acquiring activities currently 
carried out for over 380,000 points of sale, with Intesa Sanpaolo retaining the sale force dedicated to 
acquiring new customers; and  
- 
a long-term partnership, with Nexi to become the sole partner of Intesa Sanpaolo in the acquiring 
activities and the latter to distribute the acquiring services provided by Nexi and maintain the 
relationship with its customers. 
The strategic agreement was finalised on 30 June 2020 after having obtained the necessary authorisations from 
the competent authorities. Pursuant to the agreement, the business line was transferred through contribution to a 
Nexi subsidiary for €1,000 million. Intesa Sanpaolo sold the shares received from the contribution to Nexi for a 
corresponding cash consideration and then used part of this consideration to purchase shares of Nexi from the 
latter's reference shareholder, Mercury UK HoldCo Limited, for an amount of €653 million, equal to a 9.9% 
shareholding of Intesa Sanpaolo in the share capital of Nexi. 
The transaction enables Intesa Sanpaolo to extract proper value from the acquiring activities currently carried 
out internally, through the contribution of its business line – taking into account that operating efficiently in this 
sector, in a competitive scenario of international scope, requires greater investment and economies of scale – 
while retaining an interest in a business with significant growth prospects. 
In 2018, the business activities contributed to Nexi generated operating income of around €74 million, operating 
margin of around €72 million and net income of around €48 million. 
The transaction generates a net capital gain in the region of €1.1 billion for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
consolidated income statement in the second quarter of 2020. This figure has been calculated including the effect 
attributable to the difference between the purchase price of the 9.9% of the Nexi share capital and the 
corresponding value resulting from the stock exchange price of the Nexi shares. This capital gain might not be 
reflected in the net income entirely if, over the course of 2020, allocations are identified that are appropriate to 
strengthen sustainable profitability. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2020 – Highlights  
Integration of the UBI Group 
The acceptance period for the voluntary public purchase and exchange offer (below "Offer" or "Public Offer") 
launched by Intesa Sanpaolo for a maximum of 1,144,285,146 ordinary shares of Unione di Banche Italiane 
S.p.A. ("UBI Banca"), representing all subscribed and paid-in share capital, ended on 30 July 2020. The private 
placement of UBI Banca shares reserved for "qualified institutional buyers" launched by Intesa Sanpaolo in the 
United States also ended on that date (the "Private Placement"). 
Detailed information about the Offer is provided in the offer document, the information document and all the 
documentation made available in accordance with the law, as well as the individual announcements made 
regarding the progress of the Offer and its outcome. However, the Offer was made by Intesa Sanpaolo on 17 
February 2020, initially in the form of a public purchase offer, based on a unit consideration of 1.7000 newly 
issued Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares for each share of UBI Banca tendered in acceptance. The Intesa Sanpaolo 
shares offered as consideration would be issued by virtue of a capital increase with the exclusion of the pre-
emption right pursuant to Article 2441, paragraph 4, of the Italian Civil Code, reserved to the persons tendering 
UBI Banca’s shares to the offer. In this regard, the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 27 April 2020 – with 
8,935,308,480 votes in favour equivalent to 98.04467% of the ordinary shares represented – granted the Board 
of Directors powers to approve a share capital increase, by 31 December 2020, up to a maximum total amount of 
1,011,548,072.60 euro, in addition to any share premium, with the issuance of a maximum number of 
1,945,284,755 ordinary shares. The Shareholders’ Meeting also decided to consequently amend Article 5 of the 
Articles of Association and grant the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the 
Company, on a several basis and through possible appointment of special attorneys, powers to do whatever 
required, necessary or useful to execute the resolutions above. The Offer was subsequently amended on 17 July 
2020 following the increase in the consideration per share, through the establishment of a cash consideration of 
0.57 euro for each UBI Banca share tendered in acceptance. At the same time, the acceptance period was 
extended ex officio by CONSOB from the initial deadline of 28 July 2020 to 30 July 2020, pursuant to Article 
40, paragraph 4, of the Issuers’ Regulation, through Resolution No. 21460 of 27 July 2020.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
Furthermore, to prevent possible antitrust concerns, on 17 February 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER Banca 
(below also “BPER”) entered into a binding agreement, conditional on the success of the Public Offer (“BPER 
Agreement”), which provides for the purchase by BPER of a going concern consisting of a pool of branches of 
the entity resulting from the combination of Intesa Sanpaolo with UBI Banca. The original agreement provided 
for the sale of around 400/500 branches of the combined entity and the related assets and liabilities for a 
consideration equal to a multiple of 0.55 times the CET 1 of UBI Banca allocated to the branches identified as 
being subject of the sale. Subsequently, to take appropriate account of the economic situation generated by the 
outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, and following discussions held between Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER, the 
pricing mechanism described above was modified by establishing a consideration for the above-mentioned going 
concern equal to 0.38 times the value of the fully-loaded CET 1 at the reference date allocated to the risk-
weighted assets of the branches to be sold. In order to remove the specific antitrust concerns raised by the Italian 
Antitrust Authority (“AGCM”), on 15 June 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo negotiated and signed an agreement 
supplementing the BPER Agreement under which the number of branches to be transferred was increased (from 
400/500 to 532, of which 501 of UBI Banca and 31 of Intesa Sanpaolo) with the precise identification of the 
details and consequent redefinition of the estimated values. By decision adopted at the meeting of 14 July 2020 
and notified to Intesa Sanpaolo on 16 July 2020, AGCM approved the transaction for the acquisition of control 
of UBI Banca subject to the execution of structural sales in accordance with the BPER Agreement and the 
commitments made by Intesa Sanpaolo. 
Again with regard to the BPER Agreement, on 12 November 2020 a supplementary agreement to the binding 
agreement was signed, which completed the identification of the branches and of the people to be included in the 
going concern. The final scope of the going concern comprises 486 branches with accounting autonomy where 
customer accounts are legally registered (7 more than previously agreed) and 134 operational outlets (such as 
sub-branches) that provide services to branch customers and do not have accounting autonomy. A total of 5,107 
people will be included in the going concern and will mainly be deployed in the network of branches and 
operational outlets and in the Private and Corporate business areas, in addition to those working in the “semi-
central” governance areas in support of the regional and local units that coordinate the network of branches 
included in the going concern and “central” governance areas for the strengthening of central, control and IT 
functions. 
The sale to BPER Banca of the former UBI Banca going concern – including a going concern owned by UBISS 
(a consortium company controlled by UBI Banca) essentially focused on services to the branches being acquired 
– took effect on 22 February 2021, while the sale of the branches owned by Intesa Sanpaolo will take effect from 
21 June 2021. 
In addition, with regard to the sales to be made to fulfil the commitments made to AGCM9, on 15 January 2021 
Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with Banca Popolare della Puglia e della Basilicata (below also “BPPB”) 
for the sale to the latter of a going concern consisting of 17 branches with accounting autonomy and 9 
operational outlets of UBI Banca, with a total of 148 employees, in Abruzzo, Molise, Basilicata and Calabria. 
The transaction is subject to legal authorisations, with completion expected by the end of the first half of 2021. 
Based on the final results – announced to the market on 3 August 2020 – a total of 1,031,958,027 UBI Banca 
shares were tendered in acceptance of the Offer during the acceptance period (including those tendered in 
acceptance through the Private Placement), equal to approximately 90.184% of the share capital of UBI Banca. 
As a result of the settlement of the Offer (and the Private Placement) and on the basis of the results of the Offer 
(and of the Private Placement), the Offeror Intesa Sanpaolo came to hold a total of 1,041,458,904 UBI Banca 
shares, representing approximately 91.0139% of the share capital of UBI Banca, given that (i) the Offeror held, 
directly and indirectly (including through fiduciary companies or nominees) a total of 249,077 ordinary shares of 
the Issuer, equal to 0.0218% and (ii) UBI Banca held 9,251,800 own shares equal to 0.8085% of the share 
capital of the Issuer. 
Lastly, acceptances “with reserves” were also received in respect of a total number of 334,454 UBI Banca shares 
from 103 acceptors. These acceptances have not been counted for determining the percent acceptance of the 
Offer. Based on the final results indicated above, the Percentage Threshold Condition (i.e. the condition that the 
Offeror comes to hold an overall interest at least equal to 66.67% of the Issuer’s share capital) was fulfilled and 
all the other conditions precedent of the Offer were fulfilled or, as the case may be, waived by Intesa Sanpaolo. 
As a result, the Offer was effective and was able to be completed. 
On 5 August 2020, in exchange for the transfer of the ownership of the UBI Banca shares, Intesa Sanpaolo 
issued and assigned the acceptors of the Offer a total of 1,754,328,645 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
9.107% of the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo, based on the ratio of 1.7000 Intesa Sanpaolo shares to 1 UBI 
Banca share. In addition, on 19 August 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo paid the entitled parties the cash consideration 
(i.e. 0.57 euro for each UBI Banca share tendered in acceptance) which amounted to a total of 588,216,075.39 
euro. 
The interest held directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo in the share capital of UBI Banca at the end of the 
acceptance period was more than 90%, but less than 95%, which meant that the conditions were met for the 
compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, with Intesa 
Sanpaolo having already declared in the Offer Document that it would not implement measures to restore the 
minimum free float conditions for normal trading of the UBI Banca ordinary shares. Therefore, pursuant to 
Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, Intesa Sanpaolo was required to purchase the 
remaining ordinary shares from the shareholders of UBI Banca who requested it, for a total amount of 
112,327,119 UBI shares and representing 9.8163% of the share capital. The consideration per remaining share, 
identified in accordance with the provisions of Article 108, paragraphs 3 and 5, of the Consolidated Law on 
Finance, was determined as follows: 
‒ 
a consideration equal to that offered to the acceptors of the Public Purchase and Exchange Offer, namely 
1.7000 newly issued Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares and 0.57 euro for each UBI Banca share tendered in 
acceptance; or, alternatively, 
‒ 
only to the shareholders so requesting, a cash consideration in full whose amount for each UBI Banca share, 
calculated in accordance with Article 50-ter, paragraph 1, letter a) of the Issuers’ Regulations, was equal to 
the sum of (x) the weighted average of the official prices of the Intesa Sanpaolo shares recorded on the 
Italian Stock Exchange during the five trading days prior to the payment date (i.e. on 29, 30 and 31 July, 
and 3 and 4 August 2020) multiplied by the exchange ratio (2.969 euro) and (y) 0.57 euro, for a total 
consideration of 3.539 euro per remaining share 
The compulsory squeeze-out procedure, pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on 
Finance, which was carried out between 24 August and 11 September 2020, resulted in sale requests for a total 
of 90,691,202 remaining shares, representing 7.9256% of the share capital of UBI Banca and 80.7385% of the 
remaining shares. With reference to the 90,691,202 remaining shares: 
‒ 
for 87,853,597 remaining shares, the owners have requested the consideration established for the Public 
Offer; and 
‒ 
for the other 2,837,605 remaining shares, the owners have requested the cash consideration in full, i.e. 3.539 
per remaining share. 
Taking into account (a) the 1,031,958,027 shares tendered in acceptance of the Offer, (b) the 90,691,202 
remaining shares purchased through the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated 
Law on Finance, (c) the 131,645 ordinary shares of the Issuer held directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo and 
(d) the 8,903,302 own shares held by UBI Banca, Intesa Sanpaolo, following the procedure pursuant to Article 
108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, came to hold a total of 1,131,684,176 UBI Banca shares, 
equal to 98.8988% of the share capital of UBI Banca. Intesa Sanpaolo made the payment of the consideration for 
the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108 paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance on 17 
September 2020 through: 
‒ 
the issuance of 149,351,114 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.77% of the bank’s share capital, and 
the payment of a consideration of 50,076,550.29 euro to the accepting shareholders who chose the 
consideration established for the Offer; 
‒ 
the payment of 10,042,284.10 euro for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash consideration in 
full. 
Subsequent to the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, Intesa 
Sanpaolo, having come to hold more than 95% of the share capital of UBI Banca, exercised its right of squeeze-
out pursuant to Article 111 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and, at the same time, carried out the 
compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 1 of the Consolidated Law on Finance for the 
shareholders of UBI Banca that requested it, through a specific joint procedure that, as agreed with CONSOB 
and Borsa Italiana (the “Joint Procedure”), was carried out in the period 18 – 29 September 2020. The Joint 
Procedure targeted a maximum of 21,635,917 UBI residual shares. The consideration established in the Joint

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
Procedure was the same as that paid for the shares purchased in the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 
2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance. During the Joint Procedure, sale requests were submitted for a total of 
3,013,070 remaining shares, i.e. 13.9262% of the shares subject to the procedure. More specifically: 
‒ 
for 408,474 shares, the owners requested the consideration established for the Public Offer; and 
‒ 
for the other 2,604,596 shares, the owners requested the cash consideration in full, i.e. 3.539 per remaining 
share. 
No sale requests were submitted by the holders of the 18,622,847 remaining shares. Those residual shares also 
include 8,877,911 own shares (representing 0.7758% of the Issuer’s share capital) held by UBI Banca and 
120,985 UBI Banca ordinary shares held on own account by Intesa Sanpaolo before 17 February 2020, the 
announcement date of the Offer. The UBI Banca own shares and UBI Banca ordinary shares held on own 
account by Intesa Sanpaolo were not transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo under the Joint Procedure. Intesa Sanpaolo 
made the payment of the consideration for the Joint Procedure on 5 October 2020 through: 
‒ 
the issuance of 17,055,121 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.09% of the Bank’s share capital and 
the payment of a consideration of 5,718,482.25 euro to the accepting shareholders who chose the 
consideration established for the Offer and to the shareholders that did not submit any sale requests; 
‒ 
the payment of 9,217,655.24 euro for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash consideration in 
full. 
Following the conclusion of the Joint Procedure, Intesa Sanpaolo came to hold 100% of the share capital of UBI 
Banca. 
In addition, with resolution no. 8693 of 17 September 2020, Borsa Italiana ordered the delisting of UBI Banca 
shares from trading on the Mercato Telematico Azionario (electronic stock exchange) as of 5 October 2020 
(settlement date of the Joint Procedure), subject to suspension of the share during the sessions of 1 and 2 
October 2020. 
Lastly, on 29 January 2021, the plan for the merger by incorporation of UBI Banca S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A. was filed with the Torino Company Register. 
The merger was then approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 2 March 2021 and completed on 
12 April 2021. 
Merger of Banca IMI 
Intesa Sanpaolo announced on 2 April 2020 that following authorisation given by the European Central 
Bank, the plan for the merger by incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed with the 
Companies Register of Turin. The merger, which was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo 
on 5 May 2020 and by the shareholders' meeting of Banca IMI, was completed on 20 July 2020. 
2020 Annual General Meeting 
On 27 April 2020, the annual general meeting of the shareholders of Intesa Sanpaolo approved, inter alia, the 
parent company's 2019 financial statements and, further to the Board of Directors' decision to suspend the 
proposal regarding dividend distribution to shareholders, allocation to reserves of the net income for the 2019 
financial year. The shareholders' meeting also resolved to grant powers to the Board of Directors to implement a 
share capital increase by 31 December 2020 by a maximum total amount of €1,011,548,072.60 to serve the UBI 
Banca voluntary public exchange offer. 
Agreement with Trade Unions in respect of at least 5,000 voluntary exits and up to 2,500 new hires by 
2023 
On 30 September 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with the national 
Secretariats and Group Trade Delegations FABI, FIRST CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN, which aims 
at enabling generational change at no social cost, while continuing to ensure an alternative to the possible paths 
for staff reskilling and redeployment as well as the enhancement of the skills of people of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group resulting from the acquisition of UBI Banca finalised on 5 August 2020.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
The agreement identifies ways and criteria to reach the target of at least 5,000 exits on a voluntary basis by 
2023, with Intesa Sanpaolo Group's people either to retire or access the solidarity fund.  
Furthermore, by 2023, indefinite-term employment contracts will be signed according to the proportion of one 
hire for each two voluntary exits, up to 2,500 hires, against a minimum of 5,000 envisaged voluntary exits, a 
calculation which does not include the exits of people who will be moved due to the transfers of business lines. 
The new hires will support the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's growth and its new activities, with a focus on the branch 
Network and on the disadvantaged areas of the country, including through the "stabilisation" of people currently 
on fixed-term contracts. The Intesa Sanpaolo Group envisages that at least half of the hires will concern the 
provinces in which UBI Banca has its historical roots (Bergamo, Brescia, Cuneo and Pavia) and the South of 
Italy. The agreement has been signed well ahead of the deadline originally planned for year-end, thus 
highlighting the effective progress of the integration process.  
Specifically, the agreement provides that:  
• 
the offer relating to the voluntary exits is addressed to all the people of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
Italian companies which apply the CCNL Credito (bank employees National Collective Labour 
Contract), including the mangers;  
• 
people who meet the retirement requirements by 31 December 2026, including by applying the so-
called calculation rules "Quota 100" and "Opzione donna", may subscribe to the offer in accordance 
with the ways communicated by the Group;  
• 
people who subscribed to the Intesa Sanpaolo 29 May 2019 Agreement or the UBI 14 January 2020 
Agreement but were not included in the lists can submit requests for voluntary exit under defined terms;  
• 
in the event that applications for retirement or access to the Solidarity Fund are in excess of the number 
of 5,000, a single list will be drawn up at Group level based on the date when the retirement 
requirement is met. The list will give priority to those people who have previously subscribed to the 
former Intesa Sanpaolo Group 29 May 2019 agreement or to the former UBI Group 14 January 2020 
agreement and have not been included among the envisaged exits, as well as to people entitled to 
provisions under art. 3, paragraph 3 of Law 104/1992 for themselves, and to disabled people with a 
disability of at least 67%.  
Capital requirement set by the ECB  
On 25 November 2020 following the communication received from the ECB in relation to the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"), Intesa Sanpaolo announced that the Bank, on a consolidated basis, 
must continue to meet the capital requirement that was established last year. The overall capital requirement the 
Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.44% under the transitional arrangements for 2020 
and 8.63% on a fully loaded basis. 
This is the result of: 
− 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.5% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.5%, of which 0.844% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying the regulatory 
amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
− 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
− 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% on a fully loaded basis from 2019, 
− 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.56% under the transitional 
arrangements for 2020 and 0.75% on a fully loaded basis in 2021, 
− 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.032% under the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 
0.037% on a fully loaded basis in 202112.  
 
12  Calculated taking into account the exposures as at 30 September 2020 in the various countries where the Group has a

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo's capital ratios as at 30 September 2020 on a consolidated basis - net of around €2.3 billion 
dividends accrued in the first nine months of 2020 - were as follows: 
− 
14.7% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio1314; 
− 
19.6% in terms of Total Capital ratio calculated1516 by applying the transitional arrangements for 
2020; 
− 
15.2% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis1718; 
and 
− 
20.6% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis1920. 
On 15 December 2020 and 18 December 2020, two securitisations were completed on portfolios of bad loans of 
UBI Banca and Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., previously sold to a vehicle under Law 130/99, worth around 5.1 billion 
euro gross and around 1.6 billion euro net, which comply with the regulatory requirements for bearing a State 
guarantee (GACS). The securitisation vehicles issued senior and subordinated notes amounting, respectively, to 
87% and 13% of the portfolio price for the transaction carried out by UBI Banca and 81% and 19% of the 
portfolio price for the transaction carried out by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
In both cases, the senior notes were fully underwritten, and will be retained by UBI Banca and Intesa Sanpaolo, 
respectively. These securities, which have received an investment grade rating from specialist agencies, are 
expected to bear a GACS by the first quarter of 2021. 
The subordinated notes, also initially underwritten by UBI Banca and Intesa Sanpaolo, were sold 95% to third-
party investors with the remaining 5% retained in compliance with current regulatory requirements in order to 
obtain full accounting and regulatory derecognition of the portfolio. 
Sovereign risk exposure  
As at 31 December 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo Group's exposure in securities to Italian sovereign debt – including the 
insurance business – amounted to a total of almost €90 billion, in addition to receivables for almost €10 billion. 
The security exposures increased compared to €85,826 million (which did not include UBI Banca) as at the 31 
December 2019. 
 
presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating either to 2020-
2021, where available, or to the latest update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 
2020). 
13  After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year excluding the 
negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
14  Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 14% for the Common 
Equity Tier 1 ratio and 19.2% for the Total Capital ratio. 
15  After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year excluding the 
negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
16  Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 14% for the Common 
Equity Tier 1 ratio and 19.2% for the Total Capital ratio. 
17  After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year excluding the 
negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
18  Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2020, taking into 
account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan adjustments, the first 
time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285 million covering the integration and 
rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, 
the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and on the sale of the going concern to BPER Banca in 
relation to the acquisition of UBI Banca, and the expected distribution of the nine months 2020 net income of insurance 
companies. 
19  After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year excluding the 
negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
20  Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2020, taking into 
account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan adjustments, the first 
time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285 million covering the integration and 
rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, 
the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and on the sale of the going concern to BPER Banca in 
relation to the acquisition of UBI Banca, and the expected distribution of the nine months 2020 net income of insurance 
companies.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
Recent Events  
After the end of the 2020 financial year, the transfer to BPER Banca of the former UBI Banca going concern - 
including a business line owned by UBISS (a consortium company controlled by UBI Banca) essentially 
focused on services to the branches subject to acquisition - became effective on 22 February 2021, while the sale 
of the branches owned by Intesa Sanpaolo will take effect from 21 June 2021. 
Management 
Board of Directors  
The composition of Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors as at the date hereof is as set out below. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., where significant with respect to the Issuer's 
activities  
Gian Maria Gros-Pietro 
Chairman 
Director of ABI Servizi S.p.A. 
Paolo Andrea Colombo (#) 
(##) 
Deputy 
Chairperson 
Director of Colombo & Associati S.r.l.  
Carlo Messina (*) 
Managing 
Director and CEO 
None 
Bruno Picca(#) 
Director 
None 
Rossella Locatelli  (##) 
Director 
Director of Società per la Bonifica dei Terreni Ferraresi e per 
Imprese Agricole S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Darma SGR, a 
company in administrative compulsory liquidation 
Chairwoman of B.F. S.p.A. 
Chairwoman of B.F. Agricola S.r.l. – Società Agricola 
Director of CAI – Consorzio Agrari d'Italia S.p.A. 
Livia Pomodoro (##) 
Director 
Director of Febo S.p.A. 
Franco Ceruti 
Director 
Chairman of Intesa Sanpaolo Expo Institutional Contact S.r.l. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
Chairman of Società Benefit Cimarosa 1 S.p.A. 
Daniele Zamboni (##)(1) (#) 
Director 
None 
Maria Mazzarella (##)(1) 
Director 
None 
Milena Teresa Motta (##) (#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Strategie & Innovazione S.r.l. 
 
Alberto Maria Pisani (##)(1) 
(#) 
Chairman of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., where significant with respect to the Issuer's 
activities  
Maria-Cristina Zoppo(##)(#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Newlat Food S.p.A.  
Chairwoman of the Board of Statutory Auditors Schoeller 
Allibert S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Coopers & Standard 
Automotive Italy S.p.A.  
Luciano Nebbia 
Director 
Deputy Chairman of Equiter S.p.A. 
Maria 
Alessandra 
Stefanelli(##) 
Director 
None 
Guglielmo Weber(##) 
Director 
None 
Anna Gatti(##)(1) 
Director 
Director of Fiera Milano S.p.A.   
Director of WiZink Bank S.A. 
Director of Lastminute Group 
Fabrizio Mosca(##) (#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Olivetti 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Aste Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
Metalli Preziosi S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of M. Marsiaj & C. S.r.l. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Moncanino S.p.A. 
Roberto Franchini (##)(3)(4) (#) 
Director 
None 
Andrea Sironi (##)(2) 
Director 
Chairman of the Board of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of London Stock Exchange Group 
Holding Italia S.p.A. 
(*) Carlo Messina was appointed Managing Director and CEO by the Board of Directors on 2 May 2019. He is 
the only executive director on the Board. 
(#) Is enrolled on the Register of Statutory Auditors and has practiced as an auditor or been a member of the 
supervisory body of a limited company 
(##) Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Article 13.4.3 of the Articles of Association, the 
Corporate Governance Code and Article 148, third paragraph, of Legislative Decree 24 February 1998 no. 58. 
(1) is a representative of the Minority List 
(2) was appointed as a director at the shareholders' meeting of 27 April 2020, following co-option by the Board 
of Directors on 2 December 2019 
(3) was appointed as a director at the shareholders' meeting of 27 April 2020, replacing Corrado Gatti who had 
ceased to hold office 
(4) Minorities representative 
Conflicts of Interest

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and to the Bank's knowledge, no member of the Board of Directors of 
Intesa Sanpaolo is subject to potential conflicts of interest between their obligations arising out of their office or 
employment with the Issuer or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and any personal or other interests.  
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee compliance with 
the relevant regulation on board member conflicts of interest. 
Such internal measures and procedures are available in the following section of the Issuer’s website 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/governance/company-documents/2021. 
Principal Shareholders 
As of 28 April 2021, the shareholder structure of Intesa Sanpaolo was composed as follows (holders of shares 
exceeding 3 per cent (*)(**)). Such figures are updated based on the results from the register of shareholders and 
the latest communications received. 
Shareholder Ordinary shares and percentage of ordinary shares  
Shareholder 
Ordinary shares 
% of ordinary shares 
Compagnia di San Paolo 
1,188,947,304 
6.119% 
BlackRock Inc. (1) 
972,416,733 
5.005% 
Fondazione Cariplo(2) 
767,029,267 
3.948% 
 
(*) Shareholders that are fund management companies may be exempted from disclosure up to the 5% threshold. 
(**) JP Morgan Chase & Co. holds an aggregate investment equal to 5.027% as per form 120 B dated 9 April 
2021. 
(1) BlackRock Inc. holds, as a fund management company, an aggregate investment equal to 5.066%, as per form 
120 B dated 4 December 2020. 
(2) The percentage held has been recalculated due to the changes in Intesa Sanpaolo’s share capital of 5 August 
2020, 17 September 2020 and 5 October 2020 as a result of the share capital increase to serve the Public 
Purchase and Exchange Offer for UBI Banca shares, the ensuing Procedure for the Compulsory Squeeze-Out 
pursuant to art. 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance ("TUF") and the subsequent Joint 
Procedure for the Right of squeeze-out pursuant to art. 111 of the TUF and Compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to 
art. 108, paragraph 1, of the TUF. 
Note: figures may not add up exactly due to rounding differences. 
The Italian regulations (Article 120 of Consolidated Law on Finance “TUF”) set forth that holdings exceeding 
3% of the voting capital of a listed company shall be communicated to both the latter and CONSOB. Moreover, 
under Article 19 of Consolidated Law on Banking "TUB" prior authorisation by the Bank of Italy shall be 
required for the acquisition of holdings of capital in banks that are either significant or make it possible the 
exercise of significant influence or confer a share of voting rights or capital equal to at least 10%. The Italian 
regulations also set forth the obligation to disclose any agreements between shareholders. Furthermore, Article 
120, paragraph 4-bis, of the “TUF” sets forth the obligation for investors who acquire holdings in listed issuers 
with Italy as home Member State, equal to or above 10% of the relevant capital or a lower threshold as defined 
by CONSOB, to declare the objectives they are pursuing. 
Legal Proceedings 
Disputes relating to anatocism and other current account and credit facility conditions, as well as usury 
During 2020, the disputes of this type – which for many years have been a significant part of the civil disputes

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
brought against the Italian banking industry – did not change significantly either in number or in total value of 
claims made compared to the previous year. Overall, the number of disputes, including mediations, with likely 
risk amounted to around approximately 3,800 (of which 900 for the UBI Group). The remedy sought amounted 
to around 637 million euro (of which 108 million euro for the UBI Group), with provisions of 199 million euro 
(of which 47 million euro for the UBI Group). As is the case for the other civil disputes, the assessment of the 
risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking into account the claims made, the defences 
submitted, the progress of the proceedings and case-law decisions, for each dispute.  
In 2014 and 2016, Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Banking, which governs the compounding of interest 
in banking transactions, was amended with the establishment of the ban on anatocism and the delegation of the 
CICR (Interdepartmental Committee for Credit and Savings) to regulate this matter. In February 2017, the 
Italian Antitrust Authority initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo for alleged unfair business practices 
involving, among other things, the methods used to request the above-mentioned authorisation from customers 
for the charging of the interest to the account imposed by the new regulations introduced in 2016. The Authority 
completed the proceedings in October 2017, ruling that Intesa Sanpaolo had implemented an “aggressive” policy 
aimed at acquiring the authorisation, by soliciting customers to provide it through various means of 
communications and without putting them in a position to consider the consequences of that choice in terms of 
the interest calculation on the compounded debt interest. As a result, the Authority issued a fine of 2 million euro 
against Intesa Sanpaolo. Intesa Sanpaolo has submitted an appeal with the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, 
on the grounds that the ruling was unfounded. The proceedings are still pending. 
Disputes relating to investment services 
Also in this area, the disputes showed a slight downtrend in terms of number compared to the previous year. The 
most significant sub-group was disputes concerning derivatives, which remained substantially stable in number 
and value, but were nevertheless not significant in amount overall. The total number of disputes with likely risk 
for this type of litigation amounted to around 580 (of which 180 for the UBI Group). The total remedy sought 
amounted to around 272 million euro (of which 87 million euro for the UBI Group) with provisions of 129 
million euro (of which 49 million euro for the UBI Group). As is the case for the other civil disputes, the 
assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking into account the claims 
made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and the case-law guidance, for each dispute. The 
disputes to which the UBI Group is a party also include approximately 173 disputes with a remedy sought of 
146 million euro initiated by “wiped out” shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former “Old Banks” 
of Banca delle Marche, Banca Popolare dell’Etruria e del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di 
Chieti, deemed to be of possible risk.  
Judgement of the Court of Cassation on derivatives with local entities 
By way of judgement no. 8770/2020, handed down by its Joint Sections on 12 May 2020, the Court of Cassation 
affirmed the nullity of several OTC derivative contracts (Interest Rate Swaps with upfront payments) entered 
into by an Italian bank and a Municipality, essentially establishing that: 1) the upfront payment was a type of 
new debt resulting in long-term expenditure borne by the entity and, therefore, derivative contracts that comprise 
an upfront payment require the authorisation of the Municipal Council (not the Municipal Executive 
Committee), which, if lacking, shall invalidate the derivatives; 2) swap contracts constitute a “legal bet”, 
permitted only in the amount in which these contracts acquire the form of a “rational bet”, concluded in terms 
which enable both parties to understand the risks underlying the contract, which thus, must indicate the mark to 
market, implicit costs and probabilistic scenario.  
The decision has been criticised by many authors and several lower courts have already deviated from the 
principles confirmed by the Court of Cassation.  
Nonetheless, in September, two decisions unfavourable to the Bank in this sense were issued: 1) the Court of 
Pavia ordered the Bank to refund approximately 9.3 million euro, in addition to ancillary charges, to the 
Province of Pavia, stating the grounds for the ruling of the Court of Cassation, word-for-word; 2) the Court of 
Appeal of Milan rejected the appeal lodged by the Bank in the proceedings promoted by the Municipality of 
Mogliano Veneto. That ruling (which is only partially based on the arguments of the Court of Cassation) 
confirmed the first instance ruling which had ordered the Bank to refund the Municipality 5.8 million euro, a 
payment made in 2018. Both decisions were appealed.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Moreover, despite referring to a Municipality, the decision contains some general principles on the case and the 
subject matter of the swaps, which could be deemed applicable to all derivative contracts.  
Within this framework, in order to assess the impact of the decision of ongoing disputes in light of the evolution 
of case-law, a specific reassessment was conducted of risks connected with the proceedings regarding derivative 
contracts entered into with local entities, companies controlled by entities and private parties and, where deemed 
appropriate, specific provisions were allocated. 
Disputes relating to loans in CHF against the Croatian subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb Dd 
As already noted in the previous financial statements, Privredna Banka Zagreb (“PBZ”) and seven other 
Croatian banks were jointly sued by the plaintiff Potrošač (Croatian Union of the Consumer Protection 
Association), which claimed - in relation to loans denominated or indexed in Swiss francs granted in the past - 
that the defendants engaged in an unfair practice by allegedly using unfair contractual provisions on variable 
interest rate changed unilaterally by the banks and by linking payments in local currency to Swiss franc, without 
(allegedly) appropriately informing the consumers of all the risks prior to entering into a loan agreement. In 
September 2019, the Croatian Supreme Court rendered a ruling in the collective action proceedings, rejecting the 
appeals filed by the sued banks against the High Commercial Court ruling from 2018 and confirming the 
position of courts of lower instance that banks had breached collective interests and rights of consumers by 
incorporating unfair and null and void provisions on CHF currency clause. The decision of the Supreme Court 
was challenged by PBZ before the Constitutional Court, which rejected the claim at the beginning of 2021.  
In connection with the mentioned proceedings for the protection of the collective interests of consumers, 
numerous individual proceedings have been brought by clients against PBZ, despite the fact that most of them 
voluntarily accepted the offer to convert their CHF loans into EUR denominated loans retroactively, in 
accordance with the Act on the Amendments to the Consumer Credit Act (Croatian Official Gazette 102/2015).  
In March 2020, the Croatian Supreme Court, within model case proceedings (a Supreme Court proceedings with 
obligatory effect on lower instance courts with the aim of unifying/harmonising case law), ruled that the 
conversion agreements concluded between banks and borrowers under the Croatian Conversion Law of 2015 
produce legal effects and are valid even in the case when the provisions of the underlying loan agreements on 
variable interest rate and currency clause are null and void. Such decision will positively impact the individual 
proceedings related to converted loans in Swiss francs (or indexed to that currency), which should ultimately be 
settled, then, in favour of the Croatian subsidiary.  
In 2020 the number of individual lawsuits filed against PBZ increased; anyhow, at the end of 2020 the total 
pending cases still amounted to a few thousand. It cannot be excluded the possibility that additional lawsuits 
might be filed against PBZ in the future in connection with CHF loans.  
The amount of provisions recognized as at 31 December 2020 is reasonably adequate – according to available 
information – to meet the obligations arising from the claims filed against the subsidiary so far. The evolution of 
the overall matter is anyhow carefully monitored in order to take appropriate initiatives, if necessary, in 
consistence with any future developments.  
ENPAM lawsuit 
In June 2015 Fondazione ENPAM – Ente Nazionale di Previdenza ed Assistenza dei Medici e degli Odontoiatri 
(ENPAM) sued Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze (subsequently merged into Intesa Sanpaolo), along with other 
defendants including JP Morgan Chase & Co and BNP Paribas, before the Court of Milan. ENPAM’s claims 
related to the trading (in 2005) of several complex financial products, and the subsequent “swap” (in 2006) of 
those products with other similar products; the latter were credit linked notes, i.e. securities whose repayment of 
principal at maturity was tied to the credit risk associated with a tranche of a synthetic CDO. Due to the defaults 
on the CDO portfolio, the investment allegedly resulted in significant losses.  
In the writ of summons, ENPAM submitted several petitions for enquiries and rulings, in particular for 
contractual and tort liability and breach of Articles 23, 24 and 30 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, asking for 
the repayment of an amount of around 222 million euro and compensation for damages on an equitable basis; 
the part relating to Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze’s position should be around 103 million euro (plus interest and 
purported additional damages).

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze was sued as the transferee of the Italian branch of Cortal Consors S.A. 
(subsequently merged into BNP Paribas), which had provided ENPAM with the investment services within 
which the above-mentioned securities had been subscribed.  
Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze raised various objections at the preliminary stage (including a lack of standing to 
be sued and the time bar). On the merits, it argued, among other positions, that the provisions of the 
Consolidated Law on Finance cited were not applicable and that there was no evidence of the damages. If an 
unfavourable judgement is rendered, Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze has requested that the court determine its 
internal share of the total liability of the defendants and that the other defendants be ordered to hold it harmless.  
In February 2018, the judge ordered a court-appointed expert’s review aimed at determining, among other 
matters:  
–  
whether the securities were fit for the purpose indicated in the entity's Charter and Investment Guidelines;  
–  
the difference, if any, between the performance achieved by ENPAM and the performance that would have 
resulted if other investments consistent with the entity's Charter and Investment Guidelines had been 
undertaken (also considering the need for diversification of the risk).  
At the end of the expert review process the judge advocated the settlement of the dispute. A settlement 
agreement involving payment to ENPAM was finalised between the parties in November 2020; Intesa 
Sanpaolo's share was fully covered by the amount that had been set aside the previous year precisely in view of a 
possible settlement. The case was declared dismissed at the hearing on 2 December 2020. 
Florida 2000 
In 2018, Florida 2000 s.r.l. (together with two directors of the company) challenged the legitimacy of the 
contractual terms and conditions applied to the accounts held with the Bank, requesting that the latter be ordered 
to pay back 22.6 million euro in interest and fees that were not due, plus compensation for damages quantified as 
an additional amount of 22.6 million euro.  
In the technical document filed recently by the court-appointed expert, the sum to be reimbursed with regard to 
the claim relating to the contractual terms was quantified as modest in amount. On the other hand, it is unlikely 
that the claim for compensation for the damages in question will be granted as it is devoid of evidence. The case 
was declared ready for decision in December 2020 after the final expert’s report filed was examined.  
Alitalia Group: Claw-back actions 
In August 2011, companies of the Alitalia Group – namely Alitalia Linee Aeree, Alitalia Servizi, Alitalia Airport 
and Alitalia Express – brought five bankruptcy claw-back proceedings against the Bank before the Court of 
Rome (of which one against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze), requesting the repayment of a total of 
44.6 million euro.  
When the proceedings were initiated, a line of defence was adopted based mainly on the grounds that the actions 
were invalid due to the vagueness of the claims, that the condition of knowledge of the Alitalia Group’s state of 
insolvency (subject first of the Air France plan and then of the subsequent rescue conducted by the Italian 
Government) did not apply, and that the credited items were not eligible for claw back, due to the specific nature 
of the account movements. In March 2016, the Court of Rome upheld Alitalia Servizi’s petition and ordered the 
Bank to repay around 17 million euro, plus accessory costs.  
In addition to being contestable on the merits, the ruling was issued before the deadline for filing of the final 
arguments. Accordingly, in the appeal subsequently lodged, a preliminary objection was made regarding the 
invalidity of the judgment, together with an application for suspension of its provisional enforceability, which 
was upheld by order of 15 July 2016 of the Court of Appeal. The final arguments have been filed in the case and 
the judgment is pending.  
The lawsuit brought by Alitalia Linee Aeree was won in the first instance and is in the appeal phase, whereas the 
lawsuits brought by Alitalia Express and Alitalia Servizi against the former C.R. di Firenze were favourably 
concluded in the first two instances and a time period has been set for appealing to the Court of Cassation.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
For Alitalia Airport, which was also won at first instance, the favourable judgment has become final.  
Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. (Extraordinary Administration): Claw-back actions 
In July 2013, Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. filed two bankruptcy claw-back actions before the Court of Rome 
against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Venezia for 2.7 million euro and against the former Banco di Napoli 
for 33.8 million euro.  
In both cases, the plaintiff claimed that there was knowledge of the state of insolvency for the entire half year 
prior to admission to extraordinary administration on the basis of media reports, the non-renewal of shipping 
concessions, the absence of state subsidies (because they were considered state aid), and the information from 
the central credit register.  
The claim was quantified on the same basis as the so-called “return of profits” earned on Tirrenia’s accounts, 
corresponding to the difference between the maximum debt exposure and the final balance of the accounts 
generated in the half year prior to the declaration of insolvency.  
The case against the former CR Venezia was concluded at first instance in 2016 with an order for payment of 2.8 
million euro and is pending an appeal brought by the Bank.  
In the trial involving the former Banco di Napoli, on the other hand, the final arguments were filed in December 
and the judgment is pending. 
Selarl Bruno Raulet (formerly Dargent Tirmant Raulet) dispute  
The claim was filed before a French Court in 2001 by the trustee in bankruptcy for the bankruptcy of the real 
estate entrepreneur Philippe Vincent, which made a request to the Bank for compensation of 56.6 million euro 
for the alleged “improper financial support” provided to the entrepreneur. The claim of the trustee in bankruptcy 
has consistently been rejected by the courts of different instance which dealt with the case over 17 years, until 
the Court of Colmar, in May 2018, ordered the Bank to pay compensation of around 23 million euro. The 
Colmar judgment was appealed before French Supreme Court of Cassation, which in January 2020 overturned 
and quashed the decision of the Court of Appeal of Colmar and referred the matter to the Court of Appeal of 
Metz.  
Consequently, in the first quarter of 2020, the Bank obtained the refund of the around 23 million euro paid 
according to the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Colmar in 2018.  
At the end of July, the bankruptcy receiver referred the dispute to the Court of Appeal of Metz, requesting 
payment of 55.6 million euro (equal to the entire amount of insolvency liabilities, minus the amount obtained 
from the sale of the property whose purchase was financed by the Bank). In turn, the Bank filed an appearance 
and challenged the opposing party’s claims. Last November, the Court set the date of the hearing for March 
2021, to be preceded by an additional exchange of filings, and the court will then decide the case (estimated to 
occur by summer 2021).  
Disputes regarding tax-collection companies 
In the context of the government’s decision to re-assume responsibility for tax collection, Intesa Sanpaolo sold 
to Equitalia S.p.A., now the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division, full ownership of Gest Line and 
ETR/ESATRI, companies that managed tax-collection activities, undertaking to indemnify the buyer against any 
expenses associated with the collection activity carried out up to the time of purchase of the equity interests.  
In particular, such expenses refer to liabilities for disputes (with tax authorities, taxpayers and employees) and 
out-of-period expenses and capital losses with respect to the financial situation at the time of the sale. Overall, 
the claims made amount to approximately 80 million euro. A technical roundtable has been formed with the 
Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division in order to assess the parties’ claims.  
Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena (FPMS) 
In 2014, FMPS brought an action for compensation for the damages allegedly suffered as a result of a loan

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
granted in 2011 by a pool of 13 banks and intended to provide it with the resources to subscribe for a capital 
increase of MPS. The damages claimed were allegedly due to the reduction in the market value of the MPS 
shares purchased with the sums disbursed by the banks. In the proceedings, FMPS summoned 8 former directors 
of the Foundation that were in office in 2011 and the 13 banks in the pool (including Intesa Sanpaolo and Banca 
IMI). The banks have been charged with non-contractual liability due to their participation in the alleged 
violation by the former directors of the debt-equity ratio limit set in the charter. The claim for damages has been 
quantified at around 286 million euro, jointly and severally for all the defendants.  
The defence adopted by the banks included the argument that the alleged breach of the aforementioned charter 
limit did not apply, because it was based on an incorrect valuation of the Foundation’s balance sheet items. In 
addition, in the loan agreement, FMPS itself assured the banks that the charter limit had not been breached and, 
therefore, any breach of the charter would at most give rise to the sole responsibility of the former directors of 
the Foundation.  
In November 2019, the Court of Florence, before which the trial is currently pending, handed down a non-
definitive judgment rejecting some preliminary arguments/arguments as to jurisdiction raised by the banks, 
while reserving the parties’ preliminary applications for decision. The banks appealed the judgment before the 
Florence Court of Appeal in respect of the rejection of the argument as to lack of jurisdiction, finding there to be 
solid arguments for the judgment in question to be overturned; the first hearing for appearance has been set for 
May 2021.  
The judge of the first instance lifted the reserve to decide the preliminary applications and admitted the court-
appointed expert witness testimony requested by the Foundation on exceeding the debt limit set by the Articles 
of Association when the loan was granted. The trial was then declared stayed due to the death of one of the 
defendants; the hearing for continuation of the trial has been set for April 2021. The expert witness testimony is 
necessary for a thorough assessment of the risk of the case. At present, the risk may be considered possible. 
Gruppo Elifani  
Lawsuit brought in 2009 by Edilizia Immobiliare San Giorgio 89 S.r.l., San Paolo Edilizia S.r.l., Hotel Cristallo 
S.r.l. and the guarantor-shareholder Mario Elifani seeking compensation for damages suffered due to alleged 
unlawful conduct by the Bank for having requested guarantees disproportionate to the credit granted, enforced 
pledge guarantees, applied usurious interest to mortgage loans and submitted erroneous reports to the Central 
Credit Register. The initially claimed amount was approximately 116 million euro and the dispute refers to the 
same circumstances mostly already cited in the disputes regarding anatocism and interest in excess of the legal 
amount brought by the aforementioned companies in 2004 and settled in early 2014. The lawsuit had a 
favourable outcome for the Bank in both the first and second instances. By order of 27 December 2019, the 
Court of Cassation partially granted the adverse parties’ petition, with referral of the matter. The adverse parties 
resumed the lawsuit before the Milan Court of Appeal, quantifying the claim at approximately 72 million euro, 
in addition to interest and inflation, and thus at a total of approximately 100 million euro. The hearing for the 
submission of final arguments has been set for June 2021. The Bank also has a valid basis for its defence in this 
stage of the dispute, given that in the previous instances of the trial the disputed conduct was essentially found to 
be correct. At present, the risk of a lawsuit is deemed possible, whereas further elements may emerge from the 
upcoming hearing.  
Energy s.r.l.  
Energy s.r.l., to which the bankruptcy receiver of C.I.S.I. s.r.l. transferred all its rights towards third parties, 
brought a claim before the Court of Rome against Intesa Sanpaolo seeking to quash the revocation of the 
subsidised loan of approximately 22 million euro granted to C.I.S.I. s.r.l. in 1997 pursuant to Law 488/92 and a 
judgment ordering the Ministry of Economic Development, Intesa Sanpaolo (as the concessionaire for the 
procedural application process) and Vittoria Assicurazioni (guarantor of the payment of the second instalment of 
the loan), jointly and severally between them, to provide compensation for damages allegedly incurred, 
quantified at a total of approximately 53 million euro. The company justified its claim by citing a favourable 
judgment rendered in criminal proceedings originating from a complaint filed against C.I.S.I. and its director 
alleging grave irregularities and breach in the execution of the business plan to which the loan referred – 
proceedings that had led to the revocation of the subsidised loan. Intesa Sanpaolo entered its appearance, 
denying that there was any basis for the adverse parties’ claims, arguing that all claims for compensation against 
the Bank had become time barred, the claims were groundless on the merits and the damages had been

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
represented inappropriately. The first hearing was held and the preliminary statements were exchanged; the 
hearing for the entry of conclusions has been set for March 2021. Previous legal initiatives taken by C.I.S.I. and 
then by its bankruptcy receiver before the administrative and ordinary courts were rejected with regard to Intesa 
Sanpaolo’s position (in particular, a claim for compensation against the Bank for alleged damages). Despite the 
favourable outcome of the previous disputes and the defences presented, the risk of the lawsuit is currently 
deemed possible. 
Private banker (Sanpaolo Invest) 
An inspection conducted by the Audit function identified serious irregularities by a private banker of Sanpaolo 
Invest.  
The checks carried out revealed serious irregularities affecting several customers, including misappropriation of 
funds and reports with false incremental amounts. On 28 June 2019, the Company terminated the agency 
contract with the private banker due to just cause and communicated the findings to the Judicial Authority and 
the Supervisory Body for financial advisors, which first suspended and then removed the private banker from the 
Register of Financial Advisors in December 2019.  
Following the unlawful actions, the company received a total of 276 compensation claims (including complaints, 
mediation proceedings and lawsuits), for a total amount of approximately 62 million euro, mostly based on 
alleged embezzlement, losses due to disavowed transactions in financial instruments, false account statements 
and the debiting of fees relating to advisory service.  
There are currently 173 pending claims, with a present value of approximately 51 million euro, following the 
resolution of 103 positions (34 settled and 69 withdrawn or resolved by virtue of commercial agreements).  
The total amount of 4.2 million euro was recovered from the improperly credited customers (and already 
returned to the customers harmed) and there are pending attachments of approximately 4 million euro.  
A precautionary attachment was ordered against the private banker for an amount equal to the balance found in 
the accounts and deposits held with credit institutions and the social-security position with Enasarco. In the 
ensuing case on the merits, the former private banker filed a counterclaim in the total amount of 0.6 million euro 
by way of non-payment of indemnity for termination of the relationship.  
Another lawsuit was also brought against former private bankers to recover the claims arising from withdrawal 
from the agency contract, in the total amount of 1.6 million euro, in addition to interest by way of indemnity in 
lieu of notice, penalty relating to a loan agreement and reimbursement of advances of bonuses.  
The company has set aside adequate provisions for the risks associated with the unlawful conduct discussed 
above, in the light of its foreseeable outlays, without considering the cover provided for in the specific insurance 
policy. 
Ruling of the EU Court of Justice of 11 September 2019 on credit agreements for consumers - so-called 
Lexitor ruling  
Article 16, paragraph 1, of Directive 2008/48 on credit agreements for consumers states that in the event of early 
repayment of the loan the consumer is “entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, such reduction 
consisting of the interest and the costs for the remaining duration of the contract”. According to the Lexitor 
ruling, this provision must be interpreted as meaning that the right to a reduction in the total cost of the credit 
includes all the costs incurred by the consumer and therefore also includes the costs relating to services prior to 
or connected with the signing of the contract (upfront costs such as processing costs or agency fees).  
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 has been transposed in Italy through Article 125 sexies of the 
Consolidated Law on Banking, according to which in the event of early repayment “the consumer is entitled to a 
reduction in the total cost of the credit, equal to the amount of interest and costs due for the remaining life of the 
contract”. On the basis of this rule, the Bank of Italy, the Financial Banking Arbitrator and case law have held 
that the obligation to repay only relates to the charges that have accrued during the course of the relationship 
(recurring costs) and have been paid in advance by the customer to the lender. In the event of early repayment, 
these costs must be repaid in the amount not yet accrued and the obligation to repay does not include the upfront

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
costs.  
Following the Lexitor judgment, the question has arisen as to whether Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated 
Law on Banking should be interpreted in accordance with the principle laid down therein or whether the new 
principle requires a legislative amendment.  
According to the EU principle of “consistent interpretation”, national courts are required to interpret the rules in 
their own jurisdiction in a manner consistent with the European provisions. However, if the national rule has an 
unambiguous interpretation, it cannot be (re)interpreted by the court in order to bring it into line with the various 
provisions of a European directive: the principles recognised by European Union law prevent the national court 
from being required to make an interpretation that goes against the provisions of the domestic law. In this 
regard, we note that Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking is clear in its wording and its scope: 
it states that, in the event of early repayment, the obligation to repay relates only to recurring costs and therefore 
does not include upfront costs. The unambiguity of the scope of the provision is confirmed by the fact that – as 
stated above – it has always been interpreted and applied in this way.  
However, in December 2019 the Bank of Italy issued “guidance” for the implementation of the principle 
established by the EU Court of Justice, to the effect that all costs (including upfront costs) should be included 
among the costs to be refunded in the event of early repayment, both for new relationships and for existing 
relationships.  
Intesa Sanpaolo has decided to follow the Bank of Italy “guidance”, even though it believes that the legal 
arguments set out above regarding the fact that Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking cannot 
be interpreted in a manner that complies with the Lexitor ruling are well founded. Accordingly, Intesa Sanpaolo 
reserves the right to reconsider this operational stance in the light of future developments. A provision has 
therefore been made in the Allowance for Risks and Charges corresponding to the estimated higher charges 
resulting from the decision to follow the Bank of Italy “guidance”.  
With regard, on the other hand, to disputes relating to terminated relationships, in 2020 the court decisions have 
been discordant and no prevailing case-law has emerged. In view of this and in the light of the legal arguments 
set out above (which will be broadened and included in the defences presented in the above-mentioned disputes), 
at this stage there is no evidence to consider that a general negative outcome of this type of disputes will be 
likely.  
In 2020, 1,062 suits were brought concerning early termination of salary-backed loans (417 for the UBI Group), 
for a total remedy sought of 2.6 million euro (of which 1.1 million euro for the UBI Group). In 2019, 924 suits 
were brought (382 for the UBI Group), for a total remedy sought of 2.4 million euro (of which 1.1 million euro 
for the UBI Group). 
Offering of diamonds 
In October 2015, the Bank signed a partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) governing 
how diamond offerings were made by DPI to the customers of Intesa Sanpaolo. The aim of this initiative was to 
provide customers with a diversification solution with the characteristics of a “safe haven asset” in which to 
allocate a marginal part of their assets over the long-term. Diamonds had already been sold for several years by 
other leading national banking networks.  
This recommendation activity was carried out primarily in 2016, with a significant decline starting from the end 
of that year.  
A total of around 8,000 customers purchased diamonds, for a total of around 130 million euro. The marketing 
process was based on criteria of transparency, with safeguards progressively enhanced over time, including 
quality controls on the diamonds and the fairness of the prices applied by DPI.  
In February 2017, the AGCM (the Italian Competition Authority) brought proceedings against companies that 
marketed diamonds, (DPI and other companies), for alleged conduct in breach of the provisions on unfair 
business practices.  
In April, those proceedings were extended to the banks that carried out the recommendation of the services of

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
those companies.  
At the end of those proceedings, on 30 October 2017, the AGCM notified the penalties imposed for the alleged 
breach of the Consumer Code through the conduct of DPI and of the banks which the proceedings had been 
extended to, consisting - in short - of having provided partial, deceptive and misleading information on the 
characteristics of the diamond purchases, the methods used to calculate the price - presented as being the market 
price - and the performance of the market. The Authority issued a fine of 3 million euro against Intesa Sanpaolo, 
reduced from the initial fine of 3.5 million euro, after the Authority had recognised the value of the measures 
taken by the Bank from 2016 to strengthen the safeguards on the offering process aimed, in particular, at 
ensuring proper information to customers.  
Following the order by the AGCM, the Bank paid the amount of the fine and filed an appeal with the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court against the order. There were no developments regarding this appeal during 
2020. From November 2017, the Bank:  
−  
terminated the partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) and ceased the activity, 
which had already been suspended in October 2017; 
−  
started a process that provides for the payment to customers of the original cost incurred for the purchase of 
the diamonds and the withdrawal of the stones, in order to satisfy the customers’ resale needs which, due to 
the illiquidity that had arisen in the market, are not met by DPI;  
−  
sent a communication in January 2018 to the diamond-holding customers reiterating the nature of the 
stones as durable goods, and also confirming the Bank’s willingness to intervene directly in relation to any 
realisation needs expressed by the customers and not met by DPI.  
As at 31 December 2020, a total of 6,725 repurchase requests had been received from customers and met by the 
Bank, for a total value of 114.3 million euro, with the flow of requests steadily decreasing in 2020. The 
valuation of the repurchased diamonds is carried out using the values provided by the IDEX Diamond Retail 
Benchmark, one of the main online trading platforms used in the main markets by over 7,000 traders.  
In February 2019, an order for preventive criminal seizure of 11.1 million euro was served, corresponding to the 
fee and commission income paid by DPI to the Bank.  
The preliminary investigations initiated by the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Milan also concern four other banks 
(more involved) and two companies that sell diamonds.  
In October 2019, the notice of conclusion of the investigation was served, which stated that two of the Bank’s 
operators were currently under investigation for alleged aggravated fraud (in collusion with other parties to be 
identified) and other persons are being identified for allegations of self-laundering, while ISP is being charged 
with the administrative offence pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 in relation to this latter predicate 
offence.  
In September 2020 the Bank learned from press sources of the conclusion of the preliminary investigations by 
the Milan Public Prosecutor’s Office within the framework of an additional pending criminal proceeding relating 
to this affair, in which neither the Bank nor its management board members and key function holders/employees 
have been involved to date. 
Disputes arising from the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships of Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in compulsory 
administrative liquidation 
We remind you first of all that:  
a)  
based on the agreements between the two Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and Intesa 
Sanpaolo (Sale Contract of 26 June 2017 and Second Acknowledgement Agreement of 17 January 2018), 
two distinct categories of disputes have been identified (also relating to the subsidiaries of the former 
Venetian banks included in the sale):

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
o 
the Previous Disputes, included among the liabilities of the Aggregate Set transferred to Intesa 
Sanpaolo, which include civil disputes relating to judgements already pending at 26 June 2017, with 
some exceptions, and in any case different from those included under the Excluded Disputes (see the 
point below); 
o 
the Excluded Disputes, which remain under the responsibility of the Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation and which concern, among other things, disputes brought (also before 26 
June 2017) by shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate bondholders of one of the two former 
Venetian banks, disputes relating to nonperforming loans, disputes relating to relationships terminated 
at the date of the transfer, and all disputes (whatever their subject) arising after the sale and relating to 
acts or events occurring prior to the sale;  
b)  
the relevant allowances were transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo along with the Previous Disputes; in any case, 
if the allowances transferred prove insufficient, Intesa Sanpaolo will be entitled to be indemnified by the 
Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, at the terms provided for in the Sale Contract of 26 June 
2017;  
c) 
after 26 June 2017, a number of lawsuits included within the Excluded Disputes were initiated or resumed 
against Intesa Sanpaolo. With regard to these lawsuits:  
o 
Intesa Sanpaolo is pleading and will plead its non-involvement and lack of capacity to be sued, both on 
the basis of the provisions of Law Decree 99/2017 (Article 3) and the agreements signed with the 
Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and in compliance with the European Commission 
provisions on State Aid (Decision C(2017) 4501 final and Attachment B to the Sale Contract of 26 June 
2017), which prohibit Intesa Sanpaolo from taking responsibility for any claims made by the 
shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former Venetian Banks; 
o 
if there were to be a ruling against Intesa Sanpaolo (and in any event for the charges incurred by Intesa 
Sanpaolo for any reason in relation to its involvement in any Excluded Disputes), it would have the 
right to be fully reimbursed by the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation; 
o 
the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation have contractually acknowledged their capacity to 
be sued with respect to the Excluded Disputes, such that they have entered appearances in various 
proceedings initiated (or reinitiated) by various shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate 
bondholders against Intesa Sanpaolo (or in any case included in the category of Excluded Disputes), 
asking for the declaration of their exclusive capacity to be sued and the consequent exclusion of Intesa 
Sanpaolo from those proceedings; 
d)  
pursuant to the agreements between the two Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and Intesa 
Sanpaolo, the disputes regarding the marketing of shares/convertible and/or subordinated bonds initiated 
against Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (subsequently merged by incorporation into Intesa Sanpaolo) are 
also included in the Excluded Disputes (and therefore have the same treatment as described above, as a 
result of the above-mentioned provisions and based on the criteria set out in the retransfer agreements 
signed on 10 July 2017, as subsequently supplemented).  
The above-mentioned disputes in the Excluded Disputes include 90 disputes (for a total remedy sought of 
around 94 million euro) involving claims relating to loans sold to Intesa Sanpaolo and deriving from so-called 
“operazioni baciate”; this term refers to loans granted by the former Venetian banks (or their Italian subsidiaries 
Banca Nuova/Banca Apulia) for the purpose of, or in any case related to, investments in shares or convertible 
and/or subordinated bonds of the two former Venetian Banks.  
The most recurrent claims relate to:  
o 
the violation by the former Venetian banks (or their subsidiaries) of the requirements of the rules on 
investment services; the customers claim that they were induced to purchase the shares on the basis of 
false or misleading information on the product’s risk characteristics;  
o 
the invalidity of the “baciata” transaction due to the breach of Article 2358 of the Italian Civil Code, 
which prohibits companies from granting loans for the purchase of treasury shares, except in certain 
limited cases.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
The case law regarding such transactions is still very limited and does not provide a basis for inferring the 
destiny of the loans in question for Intesa Sanpaolo. Among the few judgments that have been rendered to date, 
four voided the loan sold to Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of the part intended for the purchase of shares and were 
or will be appealed. In six cases, the decision was favourable to Intesa Sanpaolo, which proved that there was no 
effective correlation between the loan and equity investment, or successfully claimed that it was not liable, since 
the disputes began after the sale but referred to events predating it. 
With regard to the risks arising from these disputes, it should be borne in mind that the Sale Contract establishes 
the following:  
o 
that any liability, charge and/or negative effect that may arise to Intesa Sanpaolo from actions, disputes 
or claims made by shareholders and subordinated bondholders constitutes an Excluded Liability under 
the Contract and, as such, must be subject to indemnification by the Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation;  
o 
the obligation of each Bank in compulsory administrative liquidation to indemnify Intesa Sanpaolo 
against any damage arising from, or connected to, the violation or non-compliance of the 
Representations and Warranties issued by the two Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation with 
respect to the Aggregate Set transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo, and, in particular, those relating to the full 
propriety, validity and effectiveness of the loans and contracts transferred.  
On the basis of these provisions, Intesa Sanpaolo is entitled to be indemnified by the Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation against any negative effect incurred if these loans are totally or partially invalid, 
unrecoverable, or in any case not repaid as a result of legal disputes.  
Intesa Sanpaolo has already made a formal reservation in this regard to the two Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation for all the loans acquired and arising from loans potentially qualifying as “operazioni 
baciate”, even if they have not (yet) been formally contested by customers (see below “Initiatives undertaken 
with respect to the compulsory administrative liquidations”). 
In 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo sent several claims to the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation containing 
requests (or reservations of the right to make subsequent requests) for reimbursement/indemnification of 
damages already incurred or potentially incurred and violations of the above-mentioned Representations and 
Warranties, in relation to Previous Disputes and Excluded Disputes, as well as in relation to the value and 
recoverability of several assets transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo.  
To enable the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation to perform a more thorough examination of the 
claims made, on several occasions, at the request of the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, Intesa 
Sanpaolo granted extension (with respect to the contractual provisions) of the deadline for contesting the claims 
made. The period is currently set to end on 30 September 2021.  
The indemnity claims relating to the Previous Disputes and Excluded Disputes, for the charges accrued through 
30 June 2020, were submitted to the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation on 22 January 2021.  
No disputes have emerged with regard to the claims already served, nor is there any reason to fear that the 
passage of time will weaken our claims  
In this regard, it should also be noted that Paragraph 11.1.9 of the Sale Contract establishes that “the precise and 
timely payment of any obligations and liabilities assumed in favour of the ISP by BPVi and/or VB shall be 
guaranteed by the Issuing Body (i.e. the Ministry of the Economy and Finance): (i) with regard to the 
indemnification obligations assumed by BPVi and/or VB and relating to the Previous Disputes, up to the 
maximum amount of the remedy sought for each of the Previous Disputes as indicated in the case documents, 
net of the specific risk allowances transferred to ISP with the Aggregate Set; and (ii) with regard to the 
remaining obligations and liabilities assumed by BPVi and/or VB, up to the maximum amount of 1.5 billion 
euro” (the “Indemnification Guarantee”).  
This provision is consistent with and implements Article 4, paragraph 1, letter c) of Law Decree no. 99/2017: the 
Ministry of the Economy and Finance “grants the Government independent first demand guarantee on the 
performance of the obligations of the entity in liquidation arising from commitments, representations and

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
warranties issued by the entity in liquidation in the sale contract, for a maximum amount equal to the sum of 
1,500 million euro plus the result of the difference between the value of the past disputes of the entities in 
liquidation, as indicated in the case documents, and the related risk provision, up to a maximum of 491 million 
euro”. 
The Indemnification Guarantee is therefore an essential prerequisite of the Sale Contract. To date, this guarantee 
has not yet been formalised by a specific Decree from the Ministry of the Economy and Finance. The issuance 
of the guarantee by the government is a required procedure that is envisaged, not only by the Sale Contract of 26 
June 2017, but also by the abovementioned Law Decree 99/2017.  
In January 2018, as part of a criminal proceeding before the Court of Rome for the alleged market rigging and 
obstructing the Supervisory Authorities in the performance of their functions with respect to officers and 
executives of Veneto Banca, the preliminary hearing judge decided that Intesa Sanpaolo could be charged with 
civil liability. According to the judge, the exclusion from the sale to Intesa Sanpaolo of the debts, responsibilities 
and liabilities deriving from the sale of shares and subordinated bonds – envisaged by Law Decree 99/2017 – 
would not be objectionable by third parties, while Article 2560 of the Italian Civil Code would be applicable in 
the case in question and Intesa Sanpaolo should therefore take on those liabilities.  
As a result of this decision, more than 3,800 civil plaintiffs holding Veneto Banca shares or subordinated bonds 
joined the proceedings. Intesa Sanpaolo therefore entered an appearance requesting its exclusion from the 
proceedings, in application of the provisions of Law Decree 99/2017, of the rules established for the compulsory 
administrative liquidation of banks and, before that, of the principles and rules contained in the bankruptcy law, 
in addition to the constitutional principles and decisions made at EU level with regard to the operation relating to 
the former Venetian banks. In turn, Veneto Banca in compulsory administrative liquidation intervened 
voluntarily affirming its exclusive, substantial and procedural capacity to be sued.  
In March 2018, the preliminary hearing judge declared his lack of territorial jurisdiction, transferring the files to 
the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Treviso. The charge of civil liability and the joinders of the civil parties were 
therefore removed.  
After the case documents were forwarded to the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Treviso, the former Managing 
Director of Veneto Banca, Vincenzo Consoli, was committed to trial for the offences of market-rigging, 
obstructing banking supervisory authorities and financial reporting irregularities.  
The Judge for the Preliminary Hearing rejected the motion to authorise the summons of Intesa Sanpaolo as 
civilly liable party. A similar motion was rejected in the criminal proceedings before the Court of Vicenza 
against management board members and key function holders and executives of Banca Popolare di Vicenza. 
Metropolitan City of Rome the Capital (formerly the Province of Rome)  
Criminal proceedings are pending before the Rome Public Prosecutor’s Office against a former Banca IMI 
manager for co-commission of aggravated fraud against the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital (formerly the 
Province of Rome).  
The proceedings relate to the overall transaction for the purchase by the local authority, through the real estate 
fund Fondo Immobiliare Provincia di Roma (fully owned by the Province of Rome), of the new EUR premises.  
The real-estate transaction received financing of 232 million euro from UniCredit, BNL and Banca IMI (each 
with 1/3).  
The former Banca IMI employee is accused of having misled – with three other managers of the two other 
lending banks, seven managers of the asset management company that manages the provincial fund and two 
public officials – the fund’s internal control bodies and representatives of the Province, allowing the lending 
banks to obtain an unjust profit and thus causing significant damages to the public authority. In addition, the 
Public Prosecutor claims that the lending banks and the Fund entered into a loan under different, more 
burdensome conditions than those provided for in the call for tenders held by the public entity for the 
transaction.  
ISP (as the company that absorbed Banca IMI) is investigated in the criminal proceeding pursuant to Legislative

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
Decree 231/01 together with the other two lending banks and the real-estate fund management company. Based 
on early reconstructions, there is reason to believe that the correctness of the Bank’s actions will be confirmed.  
Significant disputes involving the UBI Group 
Oromare Bankruptcy 
The bankruptcy receiver for Oromare società consortile a r.l. sued UBI in October 2018, claiming that banking 
credit had been unlawfully granted and maintained by the bank to the bankrupt company, seeking compensation 
for damages of 22.5 million euro.  
The defence counsel of UBI argued that the bankruptcy receiver lacked standing to sue, citing the position in 
case law according to which it is individual creditors, not the body of bankruptcy creditors, who have standing to 
bring an action. It was also emphasised that the disputed loan was granted to support the company at a moment 
of particular growth and balanced financial performance.  
An adverse outcome to the proceedings, which are in the preliminary phase, is possible.  
Eugenio Tombolini S.p.A. bankruptcy receiver and others  
In 2016, Eugenio Tombolini S.p.A. and its shareholders and guarantors sued Nuova Banca delle Marche, 
claiming that it had not fulfilled a restructuring agreement pursuant to Article 182-bis of the Bankruptcy Law 
and that it had applied unlawful interest on current accounts and loans, quantifying its claim at 94 million euro.  
The bank entered its appearance, objecting that some of the claimants lacked standing to sue and that it lacked 
standing to be sued in respect of some of the disputed relationships, since they were outside the scope of the 
acquisition. In addition, it was argued that some claims had become time barred and that the reconstruction of 
the facts by the adverse party regarding the restructuring agreement pursuant to Article 182-bis of the 
Bankruptcy Act was groundless, as were the claims regarding the interest applied. Nuova Banca delle Marche 
thus requested the authorisation to summon the third party REV Gestione Crediti S.p.A. (fully owned by the 
Bank of Italy) to the proceedings, as it is party to some of the disputed relationships.  
The trial, which was suspended due to the bankruptcy of Eugenio Tombolini Spa and of some of the other 
claimants, was resumed. UBI Banca SpA appeared in lieu of Nuova Banca delle Marche and Rev Gestione 
Crediti S.p.A. In June 2020 the Court ordered an accounting expert review, which is still ongoing. An adverse 
outcome to the proceedings is possible.  
Engineering Service Srl  
In 2015, Engineering Service Srl brought a civil suit against the Ministry of Economic Development, BPER and 
UBI regarding the granting of public subsidies to businesses. The claimant accuses UBI (and BPER) of delays in 
managing the approval procedure and disbursements – delays that allegedly resulted in a liquidity crisis for the 
company and the consequent loss of the public contribution.  
A claim for damages for approximately 28 million euro has been brought against UBI.  
UBI’s defence underscored that the bank was the leader of the temporary consortium formed by BPER and that 
the approval times depended on the latter. UBI then claimed indemnification from BPER. The trial is still in the 
preliminary phase. The risk of a negative outcome is deemed possible.  
Fondazione Cassa Risp. di Pesaro  
In 2018, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca (as the 
alleged successor-in-interest to Banca Marche S.p.A.) and PwC (the auditing firm that certified all the financial 
statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the defendants published data and 
information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca della Marche S.p.A. that later proved to 
be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial statements as at 31 December 
2010 and 30 June 2011 and included in the Prospectus, is claimed to have led the Foundation to subscribe for the 
bank’s shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 2012. The value of these shares then fell to zero,

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
resulting in a loss quantified at approximately 52 million euro.  
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by UBI, by 
virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for Banca delle 
Marche. The Court rejected all preliminary applications filed and adjourned the case to 8 June 2021 for the entry 
of conclusions.  
Abba' Andrea + 207  
This is a dispute pending before the Court of Milan, Business Section, initiated in 2019 by Mr. Abbà and 207 
subordinated bondholders of Banca delle Marche. The claimants seek a declaration voiding the bonds and 
compensation for the damages suffered. The claim has been quantified at approximately 31 million euro.  
The bank entered its appearance, objecting that it lacked capacity to be sued, arguing in particular that the bonds 
in question were outside the scope of the sale by the Old Bank to the Bridge Entity. UBI also argued that the 
claimant’s claims had become time barred and that the adverse parties lacked capacity, since they were not the 
“first borrowers” and thus by law were not entitled to claim that the original bonds were inherently flawed. 
Finally, the lack of grounds to void the bonds and of evidence of the causal relationship between the bank’s 
conduct at issue and the damages was underscored.  
As the manager of the National Resolution Fund, the Bank of Italy intervened in the proceedings, upholding the 
arguments and conclusions formulated by UBI.  
The trial is still in the initial phase, since the preliminary phase has yet to be held.  
Terni Reti srl  
Lawsuit initiated in July 2020 before the Court of Terni by Terni Reti Sud s.r.l., with share capital wholly held 
by the Municipality of Terni, seeking a declaration voiding the collar derivative contract entered into in August 
2007 due to the alleged breach of the disclosure obligations applicable to the intermediary (former Banca delle 
Marche). The plaintiff also alleges a lack of abstract and concrete cause of the contract at issue, since the Bank 
purportedly did not share with the Company information regarding the mark-to-market and probabilistic 
scenarios relating to the derivative, but instead allegedly also suggested an inefficient derivative, in view of 
pursuit of hedging goals in relation to the underlying debt, with the consequent deviation from the ‘concrete 
cause’.  
The bank entered an appearance promptly, arguing on the merits that the plaintiff’s claims were baseless since 
the bank had provided extensive information regarding the characteristics of the derivative in question, enabling 
the customer to make an informed choice of the product subscribed. The claims that the contract was allegedly 
ineffective were also challenged on the basis of the results of the technical expert report requested by UBI in 
conducting its defence.  
The lawsuit is in the initial phase, since the first hearing was held on 15 December 2020.  
Ac Costruzioni s.r.l. 
Proceedings brought by AC Costruzioni S.r.l. (subsequently declared bankrupt) and Cava Aurelio (deceased 
during the trial) against Banca Carime S.p.A. seeking a declaratory judgment establishing contractual and/or 
extracontractual liability of the bank for the revocation of the credit facilities on 28/05/1998 and a judgment 
ordering the bank to provide compensation for the damages resulting from revocation, quantified at a total of 
around 33 million euro.  
The adverse party’s claims were rejected in full by both the Court of Cosenza and the Catanzaro Court of 
Appeal, which upheld the arguments made by the defendant. The judgment of the second instance was appealed 
by Cava’s heirs and then by the receiver to AC Costruzioni by counter-appeal and cross-appeal. The proceedings 
before the Court of Cassation are still in the initial phase, since the hearing has yet to be scheduled. 
Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A. in liquidation and bankruptcy ("MBFG")

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
In January 2018 the receiver to Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A. sued the former directors and statutory 
auditors of Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A, its auditing firm and UBI Banca (as the company that 
absorbed Centrobanca), seeking a judgment ordering compensation for alleged damages suffered due to the 
many acts of mismanagement of the company while in good standing.  
According to the claimant’s arguments, Centrobanca, which was merged into UBI, continued to provide 
financial support to the parent company of the bankrupt company (Mariella Burani Holding S.p.A.), despite the 
signs of insolvency that began to show in September 2007, causing damages quantified at approximately 94 
million euro.  
On a preliminary level, the bank argued that the receiver lacked capacity to sue since the disputed loan had been 
disbursed to the parent company of Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A.; moreover, the alleged damages for 
which the receiver claims compensation were argued to have been in fact sustained by the company’s creditors 
(and not by the procedure).  
As regards the merit of the claims, the bank stressed that it had acted properly and the borrower in good standing 
was solely liable since it bore exclusive responsibility for preparing the untrue financial statements, circulating 
the misinformation and continuing to operate the company in an alleged situation of insolvency.  
Fondazione Cassa Risparmio di Jesi  
In January 2016, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca (as 
the alleged successor-in-interest to Banca Marche S.p.A.) and PwC (the auditing firm that certified all the 
financial statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the defendants published data and 
information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca della Marche S.p.A. that later proved to 
be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial statements as at 31 December 
2010 and 30 June 2011 and included in the Prospectus, is claimed to have led the Foundation to subscribe for the 
bank’s shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 2012. The value of these shares then fell to zero, 
resulting in a loss quantified at approximately 25 million euro.  
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by UBI, by 
virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for Banca delle 
Marche.  
By judgment rendered on 18 March 2020, the Court of Ancona granted the objection of lack of capacity to be 
sued raised by the bank, rejecting the claims lodged. The appeal filed by the Foundation is currently pending 
before the Ancona Court of Appeal.  
Melania Group S.p.A.  
Proceedings brought by Melania Group and its guarantors in 2015 claiming unlawful suspension of credit and 
improper reporting to the Central Credit Register and seeking compensation for damages suffered quantified at 
38 million euro. The claimants also sought the reversal of the interest accrued on the current accounts held by 
the company due to exceeding the “threshold rate”. When entering its appearance, the bank motioned the court 
to reject the claims formulated and lodged a counterclaim by virtue of the debt balances in the Melania Group’s 
name. By judgment of December 2019, the Court of Ancona rejected the compensation claims formulated by the 
adverse party, granting the bank’s counterclaim in a lesser amount than sought. The appeal initiated by UBI 
(which absorbed Banca Adriatica) is pending, with the first hearing scheduled for April 2021.  
Isoldi Holding bankruptcy receiver  
The receiver to Isoldi sued UBI (which absorbed Nuova Banca Etruria and Centrobanca) and five other banks in 
June 2020, claiming that they were liable, jointly and severally with the management body of Isoldi Holding, for 
a series of acts of diversion of assets that are claimed to have contributed to the company’s artificial survival in 
the period June 2011 – June 2013. The scheme is claimed to have been implemented by preparing a turnaround 
plan pursuant to Article 67, para. 3, letter d), of the Bankruptcy Law based on unlawful acts and a connected 
agreement governing the disbursement of new finance, acts that are argued to have artificially deferred the 
company’s crisis and concealed the irrevocability of its default. The total damages claimed amount to 
approximately 33.5 million euro.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
UBI Banca entered its appearance, claiming that it lacked capacity to be sued with regard to the claims bearing 
on Banca Etruria, since the circumstances in question are excluded from the sale. REV Gestione Crediti (fully 
owned by the Bank of Italy) joined the proceedings.  
Labour litigation  
There were no significant cases of labour litigation from either a qualitative or quantitative standpoint as at 31 
December 2020. In general, all labour litigation is covered by specific provisions adequate to meet any outlays.  
Contingent assets  
As for contingent assets, and the IMI/SIR dispute in particular, it should be recalled that following the final 
judgement establishing the criminal liability of the corrupt judge Metta (and his accomplices Rovelli, Acampora, 
Pacifico, and Previti), the defendants were ordered to pay compensation for damages, with the determination of 
those damages referred to the civil courts. Intesa Sanpaolo then brought a case before the Court of Rome to 
obtain an order of compensation for damages from those responsible.  
In its ruling of May 2015, the Court of Rome quantified the financial and non-financial damages for Intesa 
Sanpaolo and ordered Acampora and Metta – the latter also jointly liable with the Prime Minister’s Office 
(pursuant to Law no. 117/1988 on the accountability of the judiciary) – to pay Intesa Sanpaolo 173 million euro 
net of tax, plus legal interest accruing from 1 February 2015 to the date of final payment, plus legal expenses. 
The amount ordered took account of the amounts received in the meantime by the Bank as part of the 
settlements with the Rovelli family and with the counterparties Previti and Pacifico. In July 2016, the Rome 
Court of Appeal stayed the enforcement of the judgment of first instance with respect to the amount in excess of 
130 million euro, in addition to ancillary charges and expenses, and adjourned the hearing of the final pleadings 
to June 2018. As a result of this decision, in December 2016 the Office of the President of the Council of 
Ministers credited Intesa Sanpaolo with the sum of 131,173,551.58 euro (corresponding to the 130 million euro 
of the order, in addition to legal interest and reimbursement of expenses). To avoid dispute, only the exact 
amount of the order, without applying the gross-up, was demanded and collected. On 16 April 2020, the ruling 
of the Court of Appeal of Rome was filed, which essentially upheld the Court's ruling, while reducing the 
amount of non-financial damages to 8 million euro (compared to 77 million euro that had been quantified by the 
court of first instance), and set the amount to be paid at 108 million euro, to be considered net of tax, plus legal 
interest and expenses.  
In the second quarter of 2020 the bank filed a petition for the correction of a material error contained in the 
finding regarding the calculation of the damages liquidated; the Court of Appeal rejected the bank’s petition by 
ruling filed on 7 December 2020. Intesa Sanpaolo will therefore file an appeal to the Court of Cassation against 
the decision of the Court of Appeal in regard to the quantification of the non-financial damage and the erroneous 
calculation of the financial damage, for which an application for correction was filed.  
Tax litigation  
At Group level, the total value of the claims for tax disputes (taxes, penalties and interest) was equal to 211 
million euro as at 31 December 2020, which represents an increase compared to 175 million euro as at 31 
December 2019.  
The Group's tax litigation risks are covered by adequate provisions to the allowances for risks and charges (74 
million euro in 2020 compared to 62 million in 2019).  
As at 31 December 2020, the Parent Company had 687 pending litigation proceedings (612 as at 31 December 
2019) for a total amount claimed (taxes, penalties and interest) of 139 million euro (111 million euro as at 31 
December 2019), considering both administrative and judicial proceedings at various instances. In relation to 
these proceedings, the actual risks were quantified at 57 million euro as at 31 December 2020 (54 million euro 
as at 31 December 2019).  
Compared to 31 December 2019, the main events that gave rise to significant movements for the Parent 
Company in 2020 consisted of:

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
o 
on the increase (approximately +42 million euro), the transfer to the Tax Litigation team of the Parent 
Company of a longstanding dispute in Brazil dating back to 1995, which until 2019 was taken care of 
by the Legal Litigation team of the Parent Company, amounting to 35 million euro (the dispute is 
related to the guarantees provided by ISP to Banca Santander in connection with the sale of the former 
subsidiary Banco Sudameris), and new disputes relating to the municipal property tax (“IMU”) and 
registration tax for a total amount of 5.4 million euro, in addition to interest accrued on the existing 
disputes;  
o 
on the decrease (approximately -13.8 million euro), the resolution of the Infogroup claim amounting to 
7.3 million euro, the favourable resolution of disputes regarding substitute tax on loans, registration tax, 
property value increase tax (“INVIM”) regarding a long-standing dispute over contributions of real 
estate assets made in 1997 by Carical to Carime, and municipal property tax (“IMU”) for a total amount 
of 4.5 million euro and, finally, the resolution of the former Centro Leasing dispute involving the 
payment of registration tax on the leased property located in Rome at Via Tuscolana, amounting to 
approximately 2 million euro.  
The main differences in the provisions booked by the Parent Company compared to 31 December 2019 related 
to:  
o 
on the increase (approximately +13 million euro), tax disputes relating to the municipal property tax 
(“IMU”), discussed further below, the transfer of the aforementioned tax dispute in Brazil and the 
interest accrued on the pending disputes;  
o 
on the decrease (approximately -10 million euro), the resolution of the Infogroup claim, involving the 
use of approximately 7.3 million euro for VAT and direct taxes (IRES and IRAP), the resolution of the 
aforementioned dispute known as “Immobiliare Tuscolana” amounting to approximately 2 million 
euro, and the resolution of the INVIM dispute relating to contributions of real estate assets by Carical, 
amounting to approximately 0.8 million euro.  
During the year, 212 disputes were closed at the level of the Parent Company for a total of 13.8 million euro 
with a disbursement of around 9 million euro.  
A the level of the Italian subsidiaries, tax disputes totalled 63 million euro as at 31 December 2020 (53 million 
euro as at 31 December 2019), covered by specific provisions amounting to 10 million euro (1 million euro in 
the 2019 financial statements). The figures presented also include the disputes in which UBI Banca and its 
subsidiaries are defendants. Compared to 31 December 2019, the main events that gave rise to significant 
movements of the total amount of both the claims (+10 million euro) and the provisions (+9 million euro) were 
as follows:  
o 
inclusion of the UBI Group companies (total claims of 9.9 million euro and provisions of 2.7 million 
euro);  
o 
with respect to Intesa Sanpaolo Provis, an increase of 0.6 million euro in the total claims and an 
increase of 1.5 million euro in the provision for numerous cases involving modest individual amounts. 
The change in the provision is due to the controversial issue of the liability for municipal property tax 
(“IMU”) in respect of property lease contracts terminated without repossession of the assets, for which 
it was deemed appropriate to provision in full for the risk;  
o 
with respect to Banca Fideuram, a prudential provision was recognised following the most recent 
unfavourable judgment of the Regional Tax Commission of Lazio No. 3417/16/20 filed on 11 
November 2020 in respect of pending claims concerning the failure to withhold a withholding tax of 
27% on the interest accrued in 2009, 2010 and 2011 on foreign bank accounts held at Fideuram Bank 
(Luxembourg) by two “historic” Luxembourg mutual funds (Fonditalia and Interfund SICAV), for 
which Banca Fideuram was only the placement bank and correspondent bank (total value of the 
disputes of 9.3 million euro).  
Tax disputes involving foreign subsidiaries amounted to 9 million euro at year-end (11 million euro at the end of 
2019), covered by provisions of 7 million euro (in line with 2019). The decrease in the claimed amount was 
mainly due to the disputes involving Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania, which were settled, and the reduction in the 
value of the lawsuits involving Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil S.A. and Alexbank due to the use of the exchange rate at

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
year-end. The provisions from the previous year were confirmed.  
There were no new disputes of significant amounts initiated during the year.  
However, it should be emphasised that due to the extension of the terms of forfeiture and time bar, imposed by 
the various legislative measures pertaining to the COVID-19 pandemic, the notices of tax assessment, payment 
due, claims and penalties, expiring between from 9 March and 31 December 2020 and issued by the tax 
authorities by 31 December 2020, will be validly served on the taxpayers during the period from 1 January to 31 
December 2021. 
Parent Company  
Disputes regarding registration tax, with a total remedy sought of 38 million euro, on the reclassification of 
business contribution and subsequent sale of the participations as sale of business and the consequent 
assessment of a higher business value  
These are disputes concerning the recovery of registration tax paid on the contributions of business units and the 
subsequent sales of the participations, which were reclassified by the tax authorities as sales of business units, 
with the consequent assessment of a higher value for the business units. These disputes were not settled under 
the tax amnesty pursuant to Article 6 of the tax decree connected to the 2019 Budget Law (Decree-Law 
119/2018), either because the Bank had already paid the full amount assessed and as a result of settlement would 
not have been entitled to the repayment of the sums in excess of the amount due for settlement, or because there 
were sound prospects of a favourable outcome to the trials pending before the Court of Cassation.  
Those disputes also include the dispute (remedy sought of 8 million euro) pending before the Court of Cassation 
on petition of the Attorney General against the judgment of the second instance favourable to the Bank, 
regarding the registration tax due further to the reclassification as a sale of a business unit of the overall 
transaction whereby Manzoni s.r.l. transferred a private equity business unit – that it had acquired through two 
different contributions of business units by Intesa Sanpaolo and the former IMI Investimenti – to Melville S.r.l., 
through a partial, non-proportional demerger. The Bank has appointed a major law firm to represent it at trial. 
Dispute regarding the municipal property tax (“IMU”) on real estate not repossessed following the termination 
of the related lease contracts  
There is longstanding discussion regarding the identification of the taxpayer liable for the municipal property tax 
in relation to real estate assets owned by the leasing companies and leased out to third parties, where the lease 
was terminated early due to default by the lessee, or as a result of insolvency proceedings involving the lessee, 
but without the lessee having returned the asset to the lessor. Over the years a tax dispute arose on this matter 
(also affecting the former Mediocredito Italiano and Provis) relating to whether the lessee is (still) liable for the 
municipal property tax rather than (already) the leasing company in the period between the date of termination 
(or dissolution) of the lease and the date of physical return of the asset to the lessor. Until 2019, the position 
adopted by Intesa Sanpaolo – in line with that of all the other Italian leasing companies and the 
recommendations from ASSILEA (Italian association of leasing companies) – had been that over the period in 
question the lessee should continue to be liable for municipal property tax. In late 2019, the position of the Court 
of Cassation on the matter was still undefined, but in 2020 the Court of Cassation settled on the view that the 
leasing company was liable for municipal property tax from the date of legal termination of the contract, 
regardless of repossession of the asset. In addition, the 2020 Budget Law provided for the abolition of the single 
municipal tax (IUC), with regard to its components relating to IMU and TASI, and the unification of the two 
taxes into the new municipal property tax (IMU). On 18 March 2020, the Ministry of the Economy and Finance 
– Finance Department – Tax Legislation and Tax Federalism Unit, with circular no. 1/DF, commenting on the 
latter changes, provided precise indications regarding the liability for the new municipal property tax with regard 
to the date of termination of the lease agreement in accordance with the prevailing case law. Accordingly, 
starting from 2020, the bank decided to proceed with the payment of municipal property tax for all leased real 
estate assets with terminated contracts, regardless of repossession of the asset, seeking recovery from the former 
users, where possible. It was also decided to gradually withdraw from all pending disputes (over 300 for the 
Parent Company) on assessments relating to years up to 2019, following an attempt at settlement with the 
interested municipalities to quash the penalties and offset trial fees. The total remedy sought is 11 million euro, 
fully provisioned for.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
Dispute regarding VAT on boat lease transactions  
On 17 April 2019, the Milan Tax Police (Guardia di Finanza) initiated a general audit of the former 
Mediocredito Italiano (now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo), concerning tax years 2014 and 2015 for VAT 
purposes and tax years 2015 and 2017 for direct tax purposes. The audit was concluded on 13 October 2020.  
With regard to tax year 2014, the Tax Police served a tax audit report on 31 July 2019, contesting: i) the VAT 
exemption applied, in accordance with Article 8-bis of Presidential Decree 633/72, by the company to the 
nautical leases, and ii) the VAT exemption established in Article 7-bis of Presidential Decree 633/72 for the 
buyback of a vessel. The total amount of claimed VAT amounted to 2.3 million euro (of which 1.7 million euro 
on the first charge and 0.6 million euro on the second). The Lombardy Regional Tax Office thus served a notice 
of assessment (with interest and penalties), against which an appeal was lodged. The hearing of the appeal, 
originally set by the Milan Provincial Tax Commission on 24 November 2020, was postponed until 24 March 
2021. On this dispute, the bank made provisions with regard to the former claim, solely for the risk of tax and 
interest, and not also for the risk of penalties, whereas for the latter claim, the potential tax liability is believed to 
be borne contractually by the customer.  
With regard to tax year 2015, the Tax Police served the tax audit report on 13 October 2020, contesting, as done 
for the previous year, the VAT exemption applied, in accordance with Article 8-bis of Presidential Decree 
633/72, by the company to the nautical leases. The total amount of claimed VAT amounts to 0.9 million euro. 
The related notice of assessment has yet to be served. For this dispute as well, in the previous year the bank 
booked a provision corresponding to the portion of the dispute relating to the risk for tax and interest, as it did in 
2014.  
With regard to tax years 2015 and 2017, the audit was concluded without detecting any irregularities in the field 
of direct taxes. 
*** 
With regard to the merged company Banca Nuova (formerly a member of the Banca Popolare di Vicenza 
Group), discussions are in progress with the Sicily Italian Revenue Agency for the settlement of the tax audit 
report relating to tax period 2015 served on Intesa Sanpaolo, as the surviving company, on 20 December 2019 
and containing findings for a total of 1.6 million euro of greater taxable profit and IRES and IRAP taxes for a 
total of 0.46 million euro, in addition to penalties and interest. The dispute was notified to Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza (in compulsory administrative liquidation) - and to the Ministry of the Economy and Finance for their 
consideration and in view of the guarantees provided under Art. 2, paragraph c), of Ministerial Decree 187 of 25 
June 2017, in accordance with Art. 4, paragraph 1, letter c), of Decree-Law 99 of 25 June 2017 - which has the 
obligation to indemnify ISP against any liability, pursuant to Article 11 of the agreement entered into on 26 June 
2017, for the acquisition of assets, liabilities and legal relationships. After the audit is resolved in 2021, a formal 
indemnity request will be submitted for the amount definitively due to the tax authorities.  
With regard to the disputes involving Intesa Sanpaolo and settled during the period, mention should be made of 
the favourable ruling by the Court of Cassation concerning the former Cassa di Risparmio di Piacenza e 
Vigevano regarding the registration tax due on the capital increase based on the incentives under the Amato Law 
and amounting to around 0.8 million euro. In addition, the Court of Cassation ruled against the notice of 
payment of registration tax of approximately 2 million euro issued against the merged company Centro Leasing 
in relation to the sale of a leased property in Rome, in Via Tuscolana. Finally, it is worth highlighting the dispute 
between the Provincial Tax Office of Florence and Engineering – Ingegneria Informatica S.p.A on the VAT 
treatment applied in 2014 by Infogroup Informatica e Servizi Telematici S.c.p.A.  
With regard to the Intesa Sanpaolo branches located abroad, it should be noted that: i) a VAT audit on the 
London branch is in progress for the years 2016, 2017 and 2018; ii) three tax audits concerning direct taxes of 
the New York branch for the tax periods 2015, 2016 and 2017 are in progress; and iii) a fourth audit conducted 
by the IRS of the income tax return filed for tax period 2018 by the New York branch is in the early stages. 
Finally, the audit at the Frankfurt branch with regard to the following areas relating to the tax periods from 2016 
to 2018 was concluded in November 2020: i) income taxes; ii) VAT; iii) withholding taxes; iv) tax losses carried 
forward; v) transfer pricing; and vi) German trade tax. The German tax authority presented a single finding 
relating to head office expenses, assessing greater tax of 1.2 million euro overall for all years, without levying 
any penalties. On the basis of the external advisor’s opinion, the branch decided to settle the claim.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
Group Companies  
For Banca Fideuram, mention has been made above of the dispute concerning alleged failure to withhold the 
withholding tax due on interest accrued on foreign bank accounts held at Fideuram Bank (Luxembourg) by two 
“historic” Luxembourg mutual funds. In further detail, the second instance judgement in November 2020 was 
unfavourable to the bank, including with regard to 2011, as in the case of 2009 and 2010. Accordingly, it was 
decided, after consultation with the consultant engaged to assist the bank in the cases pending before the Court 
of Cassation, to set up a provision for risks, including penalties and interest.  
Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking has long had pending IRES and IRAP disputes relating to the deduction (in 
2011 and the following years) of the amortisation charge for the goodwill arising from the transfers of the 
private banking business lines of Intesa Sanpaolo and Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì e della Romagna in 2009, 
Banca di Trento e Bolzano and Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze in 2010 and Cassa di Risparmio Pistoia e 
Lucchesia and Cassa di Risparmio dell’Umbria in 2013, realigned by the transferee in accordance with Article 
15, paragraph 10, of Law Decree no. 185 of 29 November 2008.  
With regard to the disputes, please note the following:  
o 
year 2011: the favourable ruling no. 2763/2019, filed on 26 June 2019, by the Lombardy Regional Tax 
Commission, which rejected the main appeal by the Italian Revenue Agency against the ruling no. 
7028/2017 by the Milan Provincial Tax Commission (total claim amount of 7.9 million euro, of which 
3.8 million euro for taxes and 3.5 million euro for penalties). The court of second instance also upheld 
the company’s cross-appeal on the preliminary matter of the lapse of the tax administration’s power of 
assessment: the realignment of goodwill had been reported in the tax return for the 2010 tax year, and 
the notices were served in 2017, i.e. beyond the time limits laid down in Article 43 of Presidential 
Decree 600/73. The case is pending before the Court of Cassation on appeal by the Attorney General 
and a counterappeal has been prepared by the external advisor appointed by the bank;  
o 
year 2012: unfavourable rulings no. 5172/2019 and 5173/2019 by the Lombardy Regional Tax 
Commission, which granted the appeals by the Italian Revenue Agency (total claim amount of 8 
million euro, of which 3.9 million euro for taxes and 3.5 million euro for penalties). The appeal before 
the Court of Cassation has been entrusted by the bank to the same advisor;  
o 
year 2013: the proceedings are pending before the Lombardy Regional Tax Commission on appeal by 
the Italian Revenue Agency (total claim amount of 10.2 million euro, of which 4.9 million euro for 
taxes and 4.4 million euro for penalties). The appeal was discussed in a public hearing on 20 October 
2020. The judgment is pending;  
o 
years 2014 and 2015: the Second Division of the Milan Provincial Tax Commission, by judgment no. 
504/2/2020 of 7 February 2020, filed on 13 February 2020, granted the IRES and IRAP appeals for 
both years (joined proceedings). The tax claim amounts to 16.1 million euro (of which tax of 7.9 
million euro and penalties of 7.2 million euro), plus interest. The appeal of the Italian Revenue Agency 
against the aforementioned judgment was served on 12 November 2020. The bank entered its 
appearance through the internal structures.  
The total amount claimed against Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking, including taxes, penalties and interest, 
amounts to 42.2 million euro. The risk of liability has been assessed as remote, because the legitimacy of the 
impairment of the goodwill arising ex novo in the hands of the transferee – also implemented at the time by 
other Group companies but not disputed in respect of any of them – has been expressly acknowledged by the 
Italian Revenue Agency in its Circular no. 8/E of 2010.  
The tax disputes pending at 31 December 2020 involving UBI Banca S.p.A. and its subsidiaries as defendants 
primarily derive from the former “Good Banks” acquired in 2017. The total value of the disputes for the Group 
is 9.9 million euro (of which 6.5 million euro for UBI Banca) and the provisions amount to 2.7 million euro (of 
which 1.1 million euro for UBI Banca).  
The tax claim against UBI Banca S.p.A. is largely attributable to two disputes originating from the former Banca 
delle Marche S.p.A. Due to operational decisions made by the bank in question at the time of the events, the 
payments made pending the trial were largely taken to the income statement (3.5 million euro), whereas just 418 
thousand euro was recognised as assets subject to provisional collection, covered in full by a provision for risks.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
The bank has engaged an external legal advisor to prepare an appeal before the Court of Cassation against the 
unfavourable judgment in the appeal proceedings.  
Due to the foregoing, and considering also the definitive additional payments for UBI Banca pending the trial of 
0.3 million euro and payables for disputes recognised of 0.2 million euro, the potential liability at 31 December 
2020 on disputes involving UBI Banca S.p.A. and its subsidiaries as defendants amounts to 3.1 million euro 
(without considering provisional payments made by other co-obligors and any indemnification).  
The following should be noted regarding the two most significant disputes, both attributable to the merged 
company Nuova Banca delle Marche S.p.A. (which in turn absorbed Medioleasing S.p.A.). 
One dispute concerns the application of substitute tax pursuant to Presidential Decree 601/1973 in relation to a 
loan agreement by Banca delle Marche S.p.A. to Medioleasing of 400 million euro entered into on 27 December 
2007 in the Republic of San Marino (value of the dispute of 2.2 million euro, in addition to interest). Both 
companies appealed the payment notices from the Italian Revenue Agency before the competent tax 
commissions with unfavourable outcomes in the first and second instances (Marche Regional Tax Commission 
no. 499/2020 and no. 500/2020 filed on 10 September 2020). The term for lodging an appeal before the Court of 
Cassation is pending. Pending the trial, Medioleasing paid 1.7 million euro, charged directly to the income 
statement, and the former Banca delle Marche paid approximately 0.4 million euro on a temporary basis, 
recognised as an asset and covered by provision.  
The other dispute relates to VAT for the year 2005 (value of dispute of 1.6 million euro). On 2 December 2010, 
the Italian Revenue Agency – Ancona Provincial Office served Medioleasing with a notice of assessment 
demanding greater VAT of 0.7 million euro, in addition to interest, while also levying an administrative fine of 
0.9 million euro. The claim was based on presumed reclassification of nautical leasing contracts (with an initial 
balloon payment) as purchases of the asset, in addition to property sale-and-lease-back transactions. The 
outcome was unfavourable to Medioleasing in the first and second instances: the latter lodged an appeal before 
the Court of Cassation in November 2013. The date of the hearing has yet to be scheduled. Meanwhile, the 
company made payment in full, directly recognized in the income statement.  
Finally, Provis has municipal property tax (“IMU”) and TASI claim procedures that are pending or about to 
commence with a total value of 1.9 million euro.  
The following is an account of the developments relating to the foreign subsidiaries during the year. The three 
disputes (total remedy sought of 0.5 million euro) involving the subsidiary Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania as the 
absorbing company of Veneto Banka were settled. The outcome was unfavourable, but without adverse effects 
on the 2020 income statement, since the Albanian bank considered the payment of the full claimed amount made 
in 2019 to be definitive. Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania is also involved in two disputes (total amount 2.3 million 
euro) both pending before the Court of Cassation on appeal by the bank: i) the first concerning the write-off of 
loans that were no longer recoverable that, according to the tax authorities, led to an unjustified reduction in the 
taxable amount for direct tax for the years 2003 to 2007 (1.3 million euro); and ii) the second relating to errors 
made in the tax return for the 2011 tax year (1 million euro).  
Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil S.A. - Banco Multiplo, was audited by Receita Federal do Brasil (RFB). The audit was 
followed by a notice of assessment for direct taxes for the years 2015 and 2016. This dispute concerns the 
improper use of carried forward tax losses, which could not be used, in the opinion of the Brazilian tax 
authorities, because they were generated before the reorganisation of Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil S.A. - Banco 
Multiplo, which would have modified the business activities carried out and the corporate structure. The RFB’s 
claim amounts to 1.7 million euro, against which the company has not made any provision, considering the risk 
of losing the case as remote, also based on the assessment of the local consultant. The first instance yielded an 
unfavourable outcome for the Bank, which lodged an appeal on 14 December 2020. The amount sought was 
reduced by approximately 0.6 million euro compared to 31 December 2019 due to the depreciation of the local 
currency.  
Alexbank has two tax pending audits concerning corporate income tax, referring to tax period 2019, and stamp 
duty, referring to tax period 2019. At present no claims have been put forward. In addition, there is a pending 
dispute involving non-payment of stamp duty by the bank’s branches for a total value of approximately 4.5 
million euro at the exchange rate 31 December 2020 for tax periods 1984 – 2008 (86.8 million Egyptian 
pounds).

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
A dispute is pending involving the Ukrainian subsidiary Pravex Bank relating to the disavowal of tax losses of 
approximately 4 million euro carried forward in 2018 from previous years. The claim has no effects on the 2018 
income statement, since the company did not recognise the deferred tax asset and has a tax situation that in any 
event does not allow this loss to be used. In 2019, an appeal was also lodged against another assessment by the 
local tax authorities regarding VAT with a value of approximately 20 thousand euro.  
In March 2020, Exelia was subject to a VAT audit by the Romanian tax authority (ANAF) with regard to tax 
periods 2014 - 2019. This audit has been concluded and ANAF has determined that the services rendered by 
Exelia may be classified as services of a financial nature for VAT purposes and are thus exempt, resulting in the 
full non-deductibility of the VAT on purchases of goods and services. The revenue authority thus claimed non-
payment of VAT for 369 thousand euro, in addition to penalties of 146 thousand euro, for the tax periods subject 
to audit. It should be clarified, with regard to the amount of the penalties, that the company, by paying the full 
amount of the taxes requested, obtained the full cancellation of the penalties, thus benefiting from an order of the 
government issued for cases of full payment of taxes due for previous years.  
The following should be noted with regard to the ongoing assessments/inquiries by the local tax authorities.  
In February 2020, PBZ CARD O.O.O. was subject to a tax audit by the Croatian tax authority with regard to 
profit tax relating to tax period 2018. The company still has yet to receive any formal findings. A tax audit is 
underway on IMI SEC for the years 2015 and 2016. In 2019 the audit was also extended to 2017. No claims 
have been made for the time being.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
Changes in regulatory framework 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the Italian 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("CONSOB"), the European Central Bank (the "ECB") and the European 
System of Central Banks and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"). Certain 
entities within the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are also subject to supervision by the Italian Institute for the 
Supervision of Insurance and the Issuer is also subject to rules applicable to it as an issuer of shares listed on the 
Milan Stock Exchange. The banking laws to which the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject govern the activities in 
which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of such institutions and limit 
their exposure to risk. In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy 
and the European Union that may affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, including proposed regulatory initiatives 
that could significantly alter the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel 
Committee"). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory framework 
being implemented at the European Union level, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has in place specific procedures and 
internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and 
detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and 
registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no 
assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
results of operations, business and financial condition. In addition, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain 
laws and regulations have only been recently approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in 
the process of being developed. 
The CRD IV Package 
The Basel III framework began to be implemented in the EU from 1 January 2014 through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD IV") and 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR" and together with the CRD IV, the "CRD 
IV Package"), Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the Implementing Regulation (EU) 
2016/313. The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRR II) and 
Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 ("CRD V"). 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of time 
(the requirements have been largely fully effective by 2019 and some minor transitional provisions provide for 
phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the EU Banking Reform Package (as defined 
below) are provided in the paragraph "Revisions to the CRD IV Package" below. 
In Italy the CRD IV has been implemented by Legislative Decree no. 72 of 12 May 2015 which impacts, inter 
alia, on:  
(i) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions' holdings, shareholders and members of the management body 
requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 CRD IV); 
(ii) 
competent authorities' powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 102 and 104 CRD 
IV);

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
(iii) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 71 
CRD IV); and 
(iv) 
administrative penalties and measures (Articles 64 and 65 CRD IV). 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of 
the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the "Circular No. 285")) which came into force on 1 January 
2014, and has been amended over time in order to implement, inter alia, the CRD IV Package and set out 
additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised at EU level. Circular No. 285 has been 
constantly updated after its first issue, the last update being the 34th update published on 22 September 2020. The 
CRD IV Package has also been supplemented in Italy by technical standards and guidelines relating to the 
CRD IV and the CRR finalized by the European Supervisory Authorities (ESAs), mainly the EBA and ESMA, 
and delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following own funds 
requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6%; 
and (iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8%. According to Articles from 129 to 132 of CRD IV, these minimum ratios 
are complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 capital, reported below as applicable 
with reference to 31 December 2019: 
- 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of the 
CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285, as amended in October 2016); 
- 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer ("CCyB"): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 
2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other Member 
States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent authority considers 
that the conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 
and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit growth 
excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III of 
Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the CCyB (relating to 
exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for the first quarter of  2021. On 26 March 2021, the 
Bank of Italy has decided to confirm such decision maintaining the CCyB (relating to exposures 
towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for the second quarter of 2021; 
- 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer ranging from 1.0% to 3.5% determined according to specific indicators (size, 
interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the services provided, global cross border activity and 
complexity); to be phased in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, 
Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285) becoming fully effective on 1 January 2019. 
Based on the most recently updated list of globally systemically important institutions ("G-SIIs") 
published by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") on 11 November 2020, neither the Issuer (nor any 
member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they do not need to comply with a 
G-SIB capital buffer requirement (or leverage ratio buffer); and 
- 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level ("O-SIIs"): (the category to 
which Intesa Sanpaolo currently belongs): up to 2.0% as set by the relevant competent authority 
(reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent to the 
financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, Chapter 1, Section IV of 
Circular No. 285). Recently, the Bank of Italy identified Intesa Sanpaolo Group as an O-SII 
authorised to operate in Italy in 2020 and has imposed on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group a capital buffer 
for O-SII of 0.75%, to be achieved according to a transitional period, as follows: 0.56% from 1 
January 2020, 0.75% from 1 January 2021 and at 0.75% from 1 January 2022.  
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV each Member State may 
introduce a systemic risk buffer in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or macro- 
prudential risks not covered by the CRD IV Package. The Italian authorities have not introduced such a 
measure to date. 
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above (the "Combined Buffer 
Requirement") may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum Distributable

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
Amounts ("MDA") and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or take remedial action 
(Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV). 
As part of the CRD IV Package transitional arrangements, as implemented by Circular No. 285, regulatory 
capital recognition of outstanding instruments which qualified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments under the 
framework which the CRD IV Package has replaced that no longer meet the minimum criteria under the CRD 
IV Package are gradually being phased out. Fixing the base at the nominal amount of such instruments 
outstanding on 1 January 2013, their recognition was capped at 80% in 2014, with this cap decreasing by 10% 
in each subsequent year (see, in particular, Part Two, Chapter 14, Section 2 of Circular No. 285). 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the "LCR"). This is a stress liquidity 
measure based on modelled 30-day outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 
2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions (the "LCR 
Delegated Act") was adopted in October 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union in 
January 2015. On 10 October 2018, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official 
Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 of 13 July 2018) and has applied as of April 
2020. Most of these amendments are related to the entry into force of the new securitisation framework on 1 
January 2019. The Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote 
resilience over a longer time horizon (1 year) by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with 
more stable sources of funding on an on-going basis. The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the 
CRR II published in June 2019 and will apply from June 2021. 
Revisions to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the "EU Banking Reform Package"). The EU 
Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and the 
SRM Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals were agreed by the European Parliament, 
the Council of the EU and the European Commission and were published in the Official Journal of the EU on 
7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions will apply as of 2 years from 
the entry into force, i.e. after the 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(i) 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement 
pending the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) 
published in January 2019 by the BCBS and then the application of own funds requirements as of 1 
January 2023; 
(iii) 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop to 
risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
(iv) 
a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance their 
long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in 
order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the amount of available 
stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and regulatory capital by 
appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as 
a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating that an institution holds sufficient 
stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed 
conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at individual and a consolidated level starting 
from 28 June 2021, unless competent authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an individual 
basis as of two years after the date of entry into force of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(v) 
Changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(vi) 
Improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the "EU Banking Reform Package" regarding the banking sector 
have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the amendments to the 
BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures. The amendments proposed better align the current regulatory framework to 
international developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II will be applicable from 28 June 2021, 
excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V and BRRD 
2 should have been implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which 
will be applicable subsequently. However, such directives have not been implemented in Italy to date. 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded the 
review process of the standardised models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) 
for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and 
introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the 
basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5% of those calculated on the basis of the 
standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. The new 
framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for 
credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. Prior to becoming binding on the European 
banking system, the European Commission, which conducted a public consultation (closed on 3 January 2020) 
is assessing the potential impacts on the European economy. It is expected that the future legislative proposal 
(CRR III), which should incorporate these new standards into EU legislation, will be published in the first 
half of 2021. Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process 
(European Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, 
these regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in 
the capital calculation and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the European Banking 
Authority (EBA), published in December 2019 upon request of the European Commission, shows that the 
adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase minimum capital requirements (MCR) 
by 23.6%, resulting in a current capital deficit of €124 billion. On 21 August 2020, the EBA was requested by 
the European Commission to update further its Basel III impact study and published the new impact analysis 
on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is presented under two implementation scenarios: the first one 
updates the impact presented in the previous Call for Advice (CfA) reports (the Basel III scenario); the 
second one (the EU-specific scenario) considers the additional features requested by the European 
Commission in its CfA, i.e. applying the SME supporting factors on top of the Basel SME preferential risk 
weight treatment; maintaining EU credit valuation adjustment (CVA) exemptions; exercising the jurisdictional 
discretion contemplated in the Basel III framework to exclude the bank-specific historical loss component 
from the calculation of the capital for operational risk (internal loss multiplier (ILM)=1). Under the Basel III 
scenario, the steady-state implementation of the overall reform scheduled for January 2028 could increase the 
minimum required capital (MRC) amount, which includes Pillar 2 requirements and EU-specific buffers, by 
+18.5% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. Under the EU-specific scenario, steady-state 
implementation of the final Basel III framework (i.e. 2028) could increase the MRC amount by +13.1% with 
respect to the December 2019 baseline. 
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for 
market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. Following such draft 
implementing technical standards, the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/453 was published 
on 16 March 2021 on the Official Journal of the European Union. 
In particular, such Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/453 introduced uniform reporting 
templates, the template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the 
IT solutions for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the Fundamental 
Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. 
The Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/453 applies from 5 October 2021. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including:  
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB approach and 
the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used; 
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be calculated only 
by using a new standardised approach; 
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets ("RWA") 
generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV has been introduced as a global standard originally from 1 January 
2022 but the implementation has been postponed to 1 January 2023 due to the impact of COVID-19, with the 
output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% as of 1 January 
2028). Furthermore, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date for the Fundamental 
Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") to January 2023 to allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the 
framework and align the implementation date with the other Basel IV reforms. 
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV and the EU 
Banking Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which represent 
additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have the potential to impact the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's business and operations. These initiatives include, amongst others, a revised EU securitisation 
framework. On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the 
"Securitisation Regulation") which entered into force in January 2019, while a number of underlying 
regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the EBA and European Securities and Markets 
Authority are being adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes to the existing securitisation 
framework in relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due diligence requirements, the 
introduction of an adverse selection test for certain assets and a new framework for so-called "simple 
transparent and standardised securitisations" which will receive preferential capital treatment subject to a 
number of conditions. On 6 April 2021 were published in the Official Gazzette of the European Union the 
following regulations to help the recovery from the COVID-19 crisis in the securitization context: (i) the 
Regulation (EU) 2021/557 – entered into force on 9 April 2021 – which amended the Securitisation 
Regulation and it is aimed at addressing shortcomings in the regulatory framework for securitisation of non-
performing exposures, providing a specific framework for balance-sheet synthetic securitisations and starting 
the development of a sustainable securitisation framework; and (ii) the Regulation (EU) 2021/558 – entered 
into force on 9 April 2021 – which amended the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (s.c. CRR) and introduced a 
dedicated prudential treatment of synthetic excess spread (s.c. “SES”) in order to reduce the cost of the credit 
protection and the exposure at risk respectively of both investors and originators. Moreover, the Regulation 
(EU) 2021/558 addresses synthetic on-balance sheet securitisations (s.c. “STS BSS”) which constitutes 
securitisation transactions where originating institution uses financial guarantees or credit derivatives to 
transfer to third parties credit risk of a specified pool of assets that it holds on its balance sheet and for which, 
in most cases, it was also the original lender. 
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") published its final Total Loss-Absorbing 
Capacity ("TLAC") Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs maintain significant minimum 
amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to liabilities excluded from 
TLAC, such as guaranteed insured deposits, derivatives, etc. and which forms a new standard for G-SIBs. The 
TLAC Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
G-SIBs in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in the form of an 
internationally agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum TLAC requirement 
for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) and 18% of RWA (as of 1 January 
2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement (as of 1 January 2019), and 6.75 % (as of

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
1 January 2022). Liabilities that are eligible for TLAC include capital instruments and instruments that are 
contractually, statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain "excluded liabilities" (including insured 
deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down or converted into equity by relevant authorities) 
in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of compensation claims or successful legal challenges. 
With a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking Reform 
Package and the BRRD II introduce minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") 
applicable to G-SIIs (global systematically important institutions) with the TLAC standard and to allow 
resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G- SIIs comply with a 
supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of a given G-SII. Neither the 
Issuer nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has been identified as a G-SIB in the 2019 list of global 
systematically important banks published by the FSB on 11 November 2020. 
The BRRD II includes important changes as it introduces a new category of banks, the so-called top-tier banks, 
being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets 
exceed €100 billion. ISP is a top-tier bank for this purpose. At the same time, the BRRD II introduces a 
minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a "Pillar 1 MREL requirement") which applies 
to G-SIIs and also top-tier banks. In addition, resolution authorities will be able, on the basis of bank-specific 
assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top-tier banks comply with a supplementary MREL requirement (a 
"Pillar 2 MREL requirement"). A subordination requirement is also generally required for MREL eligible 
liabilities under BRRD II, but exceptions apply. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the 
BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL 
requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, 
BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders of 
regulatory capital instruments senior management of the bank and employees take effect due to a breach of the 
combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 15 April 2021, the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/622 was published on the Official 
Gazzette of the European Union and introduced uniform reporting templates, instructions and methodology for 
the identification and transmission, by resolution authorities to EBA, of information on minimum requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities (s.c. MREL). Such implementing Regulation entered into force on 5 May 
2021. 
On 12 March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the On 12 March 
2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the "CB Directive Proposal") 
laying down the conditions that these bonds have to respect in order to be recognised under EU law and a 
proposal for amendments to art. 129 of the CRR, concerning the prudential treatment of covered bonds. The CB 
Directive Proposal together with amendments to art 129 of the CRR have been approved and published in the 
Official Journal on 18 December 2019. Member States have a 18 months period to implement the directive and 
the transposed law or regulation will apply from 12 months from the entry into force.  
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the "SSM Regulation") for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single 
Supervisory Mechanism" or "SSM"). The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, in conjunction with the 
national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, with direct supervisory 
responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. "Banks of significant 
importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion 
or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the national gross 
domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions established in a 
Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability 
Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant 
relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its 
cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a 
significant supervised group pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the 
European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to 
direct prudential supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo and its 
subsidiaries, for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money 
laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is exclusively 
responsible for the prudential supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) 
authorise and withdraw authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; (iii) ensure compliance 
with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher 
prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure 
compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls and 
(vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant 
resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise options and discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework 
Regulation in relation to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "BRRD") entered into force. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and 
financial system. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of 
business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business 
on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the 
business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in 
public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more 
publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value 
through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only) and (iv) 
bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a 
failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. 
other instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares 
or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of 
ownership) (the "general bail-in tool"). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to 
any exercise of such powers by a resolution authority under the BRRD. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments issued by an 
institution under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on which the 
interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the 
termination rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after having 
assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools. Resolution authorities may provide public equity support to an institution and/or take the institution into 
public ownership. Such measures must be taken in accordance with the EU state aid framework and will require 
a contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and creditors via write-down, conversion or otherwise, in an 
amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be 
provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
precautionary recapitalization EU state aid Rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders contribute to 
the costs of restructuring. 
The BRRD requires all EU Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund (reaching a level of at 
least 1 % of covered deposits by 2024). The national resolution fund for Italy was created by the Bank of Italy 
on 18 November 2015 in accordance with Article 78 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 implementing the 
BRRD (the "National Resolution Fund") and required both ordinary and extraordinary contributions to be 
made by Italian banks and investment firms, including the Issuer. In the Eurozone, the national resolution funds 
set up under the BRRD were replaced by the Single Resolution Fund in the relevant Member State (the "SRF" 
or the "Fund"), set up under the control of the SRB, as of 1 January 2016 and the national resolution funds are 
being pooled together gradually. The SRF is intended to ensure the availability of funding support while a bank 
is resolved and will contribute to resolution if, and only after, at least 8 % of the total liabilities (including own 
funds) of the bank have been subject to bail-in. The SRF is expected to reach a target of around €60 billion (the 
basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the Eurozone). Once this target 
level is reached, in principle, institutions will have to contribute only if the resources of the SRF are used up in 
order to deal with resolution action taken by the relevant authorities. The BRRD has been implemented in Italy 
through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 
180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the "BRRD Decrees"), both of which were published in the Italian Official 
Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which 
implements the provisions of BRRD relating to resolution actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 
amends the existing Banking Law (Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended) and deals 
principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Decrees 
entered into force on 16 November, 2015, save that: (i) the bail-in tool applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a 
"depositor preference" granted for deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and 
excess deposits of individuals and SME's applied from 1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution authorities may 
not exercise the bail-in powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related hedging 
instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a secured liability 
(including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien 
or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities 
may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of Securities of a particular Series may be subject to 
write-down/conversion upon an application of the general bail-in tool while other Series of Securities (or, in 
each case, other pari passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such application of the 
general bail-in tool. Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors 
upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the 
incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of the 
relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. It is therefore 
possible not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may have been excluded from 
the application of the general bail-in tool and therefore the holders of such claims receive a treatment which is 
more favourable than that received by holders of the Securities, but also that the safeguard referred to above 
does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of such fully or partially excluded 
claims. This is due to the fact that the safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal treatment but 
rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a 
resolution tool) than they would have received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 44(2)(g) of 
the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to employees benefit 
from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured creditors in the context of 
liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency 
regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the 
coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in 
normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, 
non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending 
national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than 
ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor 
hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution as well as compulsory

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
liquidation procedures by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the 
deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will benefit from a preference in respect 
of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for individual/SME 
deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European 
Parliament, the Council and the European Commission agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. As part 
of this process Article 108 of the was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to 
adopt and publish relevant laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the 
amendment to the creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new class of so called "senior 
non-preferred debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has been implemented with the law No. 205/2017, 
modifying article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of 
set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the 
absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of the Securities will have expressly waived 
any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which they might otherwise have, under 
the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Securities, it is clear that the statutory right of set-off available 
under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As indicated above, holders of the Securities may be subject 
to write-down/conversion into shares or other instruments of ownership on any application of the general bail-in 
tool. 
The BRRD also established that institutions shall meet, at all times, their MREL requirement. Under Article 45 
of the BRRD, MREL is to be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a 
percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of significant 
revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD II"). BRRD II provides that Member States are required to ensure 
implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation of 
the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL 
requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 
January 2022. However, BRRD II has not been implemented in Italy to date. The EU Banking Reform Package 
includes, amongst other things:  
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for 
MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal 
MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not 
G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(iv) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the Regulation establishing the Single Resolution 
Mechanism

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM 
Regulation") entered into force. The SRM Regulation became operational on 1 January 2016. There are, 
however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and provisions 
relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 
2015. The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the EU Banking Reform Package in June 2019. The 
SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined above), applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. 
It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, there will 
be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being 
supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD II described above, revisions 
to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to change in due course. 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce non-performing exposures within adequate 
levels, worth mentioning the followings: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to the 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL guidance contains 
recommendations and lays out the bank's approach, processes and objectives regarding the effective 
management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all non-performing exposures ("NPEs"), as well as 
foreclosed assets, and also touches on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning non-performing, 
such as "watch-list" exposures and performing forborne exposures. According to the guidance, the banks need 
to establish a strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self-assessment of the internal 
capabilities to effectively manage; the external conditions and operating environment; and the impaired 
portfolios specifications. 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to nonperforming exposures 
(NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the ECB Addendum). In addition, the ECB's bank-specific supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 2018), was set out in its 2018 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from 
these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future SREP exercises. 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB has decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of 
new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the adoption of Regulation 
(EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) as regards minimum loss coverage for 
non-performing exposures was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 25 April 2019, known as the 
"Pillar 1 backstop Regulation", that introduce Pillar 1 provisioning requirements, following principles similar 
to those already guiding the finalisation of the ECB Addendum. 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the 
European Commission's requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). Therefore the above mentioned guidelines 
result in three "buckets" of NPEs based on the date of the exposure's origination and the date of NPE's 
classification: 
- 
Loans classified as NPEs before 31 March 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in paths as 
communicated in SREP letters; 
- 
Loans originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows) and then classified as NPEs: 3/7/9 
years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by 
immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official export 
credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% is applicable to 
export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status. 
Action plans to (i) address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published by 
the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four policy

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the development of 
secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring and (ii) prevent a future build-
up of non-performing loans across the European Union, as a result of the COVID-19 crisis published by the 
European Commission on 16 December 2020: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of actions 
with four main goals: further developing secondary markets for distressed assets; reform the EU's corporate 
insolvency and debt recovery legislation; support the establishment and cooperation of national asset 
management companies; and precautionary public support measures to ensure the continued funding of the 
real economy. 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 31 October 
2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks in place to 
manage effectively their non-performing exposures (NPEs) and to substantially reduce the presence of NPEs 
in the financial statements. Only for significant credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5%, EBA 
asked to introduce specific strategies, in order to achieve a reduction of NPEs, and governance and operational 
requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 17 December 2018: 
in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced disclosure requirements and uniform disclosure 
formats applicable to credit institutions' public disclosure of information regarding nonperforming exposures, 
forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures: 
the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-performing exposures 
where loans were originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction from own funds where NPEs are not 
sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The Regulation purpose is to encourage a timely and 
proactive management of the NPEs. Loans are divided in vintage buckets of 3/7/9 years and a progressive 
coverage path is applied for each bucket. A 100% coverage is applicable to: (i) unsecured exposures from the 
third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures secured by immovable collateral and residential loans 
guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as defined in CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as 
NPE; and (iii) secured exposures, from the seventh year after the classification as NPE. 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by EBA on 23 
October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 (Securitisation 
Regulation) to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints imposed by the 
regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of NPE holdings. In 
preparing its proposal to the Commission, the EBA outlines the fact that the securitisations can be used to 
enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and larger rate than otherwise possible 
through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations' structure in tranches of notes with various risk 
profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse investor pool with a different Risk Appetite. The 
European Commission tabled a legislative proposal on 24 July 2020, on the basis of the EBA Opinion and the 
BCBS draft technical amendment for the capital treatment of the securitisation of NPEs. The BCBS published 
its final technical amendment on 26 November 2020 and Regulation (EU) 2021/558 – entered into force on 9 
April 2021 – which introduced a specific treatment for the securitisation of NPEs in relation to, inter alia, the 
calculation of the risk weight for a position in a NPE securitisation.. 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
In recent months, European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking 
and financial market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between ABI and the Business 
Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was extended to loans granted until 31 
January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized companies affected by 
COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments may be requested to be suspended for 
up to one year. The suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those 
concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing transactions. In the 
latter case, the suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through 
an agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to credit to 
households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and unsecured loans

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
repayable in instalments. On 30 December 2020, the Italian Budget Law (Law No. 178 of 2020) extended the 
moratorium to 30 June 2021. 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial markets, 
issued 4 recommendations on the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market disclosure, (3) 
financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
1. Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be ready to 
apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory obligations. 
2. Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in accordance 
with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), as a disclosure 
obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which issuers are required to disclose 
to the public without delay any inside information directly concerning them. 
3. Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and potential 
impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative assessment on their 
business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 year-end financial report if 
these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial reporting disclosures. 
4. Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements on risk 
management and to react accordingly.  
The European Central Bank (ECB), at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a 
comprehensive set of monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity 
conditions in the banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer-term refinancing operations 
(LTROs); second, protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental 
recalibration of targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing financing 
conditions for the economy tightening in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme 
(APP). 
As regards LTROs these will be carried out through a fixed rate tender procedure with full allotment. They 
will be priced very attractively, with an interest rate that is equal to the average rate on the deposit facility of 
ECB. These new LTROs will provide liquidity on favourable terms to bridge the period until the TLTRO III 
operation in June 2020. 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms during the 
period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that time. Throughout this 
period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 25 basis points below the average rate applied 
in the Eurosystem's main refinancing operations. 
Lastly, the Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of 
€120 billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase 
programmes. 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision published the first supervisory response to provide banks 
with a temporary capital and operational relief. According to the ECB statements: i) banks are allowed to 
operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), the capital conservation 
buffer (CCB) and the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) to release resources for financing households and 
undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages also national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical 
capital buffer (CCyB); iii) banks are allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 
(AT1) or Tier 2 instruments; iv) banks will discuss with the ECB further individual measures, such as 
modified timetables, processes and deadlines (e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); v) flexibility 
will be granted for the application of the ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans to adjust to bank's 
specific situation due to COVID-19. 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological emergency due

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) has been adopted. The 
Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the Guarantee 
Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen the 
intervention of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA relating 
to losses that can be carried forward, but not yet deducted and to the amount of the ACE notional return 
exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20% of the impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 12 
March 2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised banks 
can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the COVID-19-related economic 
shock to the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ on the measures adopted with the aim 
of updating it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommended to: 
- 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by 
extending to them the preferential treatment foreseen in its Guidance for NPLs for loans guaranteed 
or insured; 
- 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
- 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting issues 
due to the COVID-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and governments to 
address the situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the definition of default (DoD) 
and forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation to the 
exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in accordance with IFRS 
9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the prudential framework 
concerning: 
- 
the classification of exposures in default; 
- 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
- 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures. 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, 
clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne 
exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case of 
adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments. 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related 
disclosure requirements, in particular, as regards the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for 
credit agreements (e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) under 
the principles set forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing the 
implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers (the "Public 
Statement"). The Public Statement provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by ESMA and 
highlighted: i) the importance of providing relevant and reliable information, which may require issuers to 
make use of the time allowed by national law to publish half-yearly financial reports while not unduly 
delaying the timing of publication; ii) the importance of updating the information included in the latest annual 
accounts to adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in particular in relation to significant 
uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-financial assets and presentation in the statement of 
profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information on the past and expected future impact of 
COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, performance of issuers as well as any 
mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the pandemic. The Public Statement was conceived to 
be applicable also to financial statements in other interim periods when IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting is

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
applied. It called on the management, administrative and supervisory bodies, including audit committees, of 
issuers and, where applicable, their auditors, to take due consideration of the recommendations included 
within the statement. 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads 
of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of banks and 
supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of the COVID-
19 on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the 
outstanding Basel III standards: 
- 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred by 
one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor has also 
been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
- 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
- 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant banks to 
refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for the duration 
of the economic shock related to COVID-19. The ECB has decided to extend the recommendation on 
dividends until 1 January 2021 with the New recommendation BCE/2020/35 that repeals Recommendation 
ECB 2020/19 of 27 March 2020. On 15 December 2020 the ECB issued a new Recommendation 
(Recommendation BCE/2020/62) repealing the Recommendation ECB/2020/35 in which (i) recommends that 
until 30 September 2021 significant credit institutions exercise extreme prudence when deciding on or paying 
out dividends or performing share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders and (ii) expects dividends 
and share buy-backs to remain below 15% of the cumulated profit for 2019-20 and not higher than 20 basis 
points of the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio, whichever is lower. 
On 1 April 2020 the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done before, for 
applying the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the First Time 
Application (FTA) capital impact of the new accounting principle. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by legislative and 
non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged that Member States 
have implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the medium- and long-term 
economic impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of this, the EBA 
Guidelines clarify several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do not automatically trigger the 
classification as forborne or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable national 
law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant credit 
institutions. In June 2020, the EBA further extended the application date of its Guidelines by three months, 
from until 30 September 2020, and on the 21 September, communicated its phasing-out. However, on 2 
December 2020 the Guidelines were reactivated until 31 March 2021. In continuity with the Cura Italia 
Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity Decree) was issued, a further measure deemed 
necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in addition to providing an additional 
guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to 
further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, by redrawing its rules for accessing, by including also 
companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well as increasing the guarantee coverage 
percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree (provision that is repealed). In the wake 
of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee 
Fund for SMEs, which will be applicable until 30 June 2021. 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to ease 
banking activity during the COVID-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and businesses.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
The Commission has proposed exceptional temporary measures to mitigate the immediate impact of COVID-
19-related developments, which imply: 
- 
a revision of transitional arrangements for the application of IFRS 9, adopted in the CRR II to 
mitigate its impact on banks' capital; 
- 
a preferential treatment for NPLs secured by public guarantees issued as a measure to address the 
COVID-19 crisis, for the purpose of the application of the prudential provisioning in line with the 
Regulation (EC) 630/2109; 
- 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks ("G-SIB buffer"); 
- 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio, as of 
June 2021. 
The Commission also proposed to advance by one year (as of 28 June 2020) the date of application of certain 
measures agreed in CRR II, i.e. the SMEs (Art. 501) and Infrastructure supporting factors (art.501a), as well 
as the preferential treatment of loans backed by pensions or salaries (Art. 123) 
The so-called "CRR quick fix" Regulation (EU) 2020/873 was definitely adopted on 24 June 2020 and published 
on the Official Journal of the EU on 26 June 2020 and entered into force the day after. During the 
interinstitutional negotiation process additional measures were introduced by the co-legislators (i.e. the 
European Parliament and the Council of the EU), such as the reintroduction of the prudential filter for unrealised 
gain/losses from sovereign exposures valued at FVOCI; the exclusion of overshootings from the calculation of 
the back-testing; credit risk and large exposure transitional treatment of euro-denominated public debt issued by 
non-euro Member States. 
On 24 July 2020 the European Commission also adopted a Capital Markets Recovery Package regarding the 
Securitisation Framework, MIFID II and the Prospectus Regulation. The underlying rationale of these proposals 
is to help financial markets support Europe's economic recovery from the COVID-19 crisis. In this context, on 
26 February 2021 the Directive (EU) 2021/338 amending, inter alia, MIFID II as regards information 
requirements, product governance and position limits and the Regulation (EU) 2021/337 amending, inter alia, 
the Prospectus Regulation as regards the EU Recovery prospectus and targeted adjustments for financial 
intermediaries were published in the Official Journal of the European Union, while the measures in order to 
amend the Securitisation Framework have not been made to date.  
In particular, the Directive (EU) 2021/338 include amendments to (i) remove some administrative burdens on 
firms relating to provision of information to clients, especially professional clients and eligible counterparties; 
and (ii) relax product governance requirements for certain bonds, on the basis that these products can be 
considered suitable for all types of clients, including retail clients. In addition, such directive includes 
amendments to the MiFID II energy markets regime. The Member States shall adopt and publish by 28 
November 2021 the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with such directive, 
which shall apply from 28 February 2022. 
Moreover, the Regulation (EU) 2021/337 includes, inter alia, amendments in order to facilitate investments in 
the real economy, allow for a rapid recapitalisation of companies in the Union and enable issuers to tap into 
public markets at an early stage in the recovery process. In particular, it introduced (i) a new type of prospectus 
(“EU Recovery prospectus”) for secondary issuances of shares by issuers that have had shares admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or traded on an SME growth market continuously for at least 18 months if the new 
shares are fungible with existing shares which have been previously issued; (ii) further exemptions from the 
obligation to publish a prospectus and certain derogation with respect to the regime applicable in case of a 
supplement to the prospectus. The provisions included in such Regulation are applicable for a limited period: 
from 18 March 2021 to 31 December 2022.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
OFFERING AND SALE 
The Securities may be offered to retail clients, professional clients and other eligible counterparties. No action 
has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any Securities or possession or 
distribution of any offering material in relation to any Securities in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Securities, or distribution of any offering material 
relating to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer. 
1. PUBLIC OFFER SELLING RESTRICTION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant Member 
State"), each Manager has represented and agreed that, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of the 
Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto may not be offered to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that such 
Securities may be offered to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the 
Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to the prior consent of the relevant Manager(s) nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer having been obtained; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within a Prospectus Exemption (as defined below), 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the publication by the Issuer 
or any Manager of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or the supplementing by 
the Issuer or any Manager of a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Securities to the public in relation to any 
Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Securities. 
The expression "Prospectus Exemptions" means Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, and 
includes any additional exemptions and implementation measures applicable in the Relevant Member State.  
2. UNITED STATES

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
No Securities of any series nor, in case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Entitlement to be delivered upon the 
exercise of such Securities, have been, nor will they be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the U.S., and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the 
CFTC under the Commodity Exchange Act. The Securities and the Entitlements may not be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to a U.S. person unless such 
offer or sale has been registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
The Securities and the Entitlements are being offered and sold outside the U.S. to persons that are not U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S. No Securities of any series, or interests therein, 
or Entitlements may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States (as defined in Regulation S) or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any U.S. person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery 
made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not 
be recognised.  
The Securities and Entitlements may not be legally or beneficially owned by U.S. persons at any time. 
Each holder and each beneficial owner of a Security or an Entitlement hereby represents, as a condition 
to purchasing or owning the Security, the Entitlement or any beneficial interest therein, that neither it nor 
any person for whose account or benefit the Securities or Entitlements are being purchased is located in 
the United States, is a U.S. person or was solicited to purchase the Securities while present in the United 
States. Each holder and each beneficial owner of a Security or an Entitlement hereby agrees not to offer, 
sell or deliver any of the Securities or the Entitlements, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the U.S. or to 
any U.S. person. The term “U.S. person” has the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Each Manager of an issue of Securities will be required to agree that it, its affiliates and any person acting on its 
or their behalf will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade, pledge, exercise, redeem, transfer or deliver, directly 
or indirectly, Securities of such series in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person 
or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery, directly or indirectly, 
in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any such U.S. person. Each Manager of an issue of 
Securities will be required to agree that it, its affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf will not offer 
or sell the Securities at any time except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, 
and that neither it, its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its or their behalf will engage in any "directed selling 
efforts" (as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act) with respect to the Securities and it and they will 
comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S under the Securities Act. The terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
Any person purchasing Securities of any series or Entitlements must agree with the Manager or the seller of such 
Securities that (i) it is not a U.S. person and it is not located in the United States and was not solicited to 
purchase the Securities while present in the United States, (ii) it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade, 
pledge, exercise, redeem, transfer or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Securities of such series so purchased in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, 
pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of any, U.S. person, (iii) it is not purchasing any Securities of such series or any Entitlement 
for the account or benefit of any U.S. person and (iv) it will not make offers, sales, resales, trades, pledges, 
exercises, redemptions, transfers or deliveries of any Securities of such series (otherwise acquired) or 
Entitlements, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. 
Each Manager of an issue of Securities will also be required to agree, and any person purchasing Securities of 
any series must agree, to send each person who purchases any Securities of such series or Entitlements from it, 
at or prior to confirmation of sale of any Securities, a written confirmation (which shall include the definitions of 
"United States" and "U.S. persons" set forth herein) stating that the Securities and Entitlements have not been 
registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and that trading in the Securities has not been 
approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act and stating that 
such purchaser agrees that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade, pledge, exercise, redeem, transfer or 
deliver Securities or Entitlements, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. person. Prior to the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of a Physical Delivery Security the holder 
thereof will be required to represent that, inter alia, he is not a U.S. person, the Security was not exercised on 
behalf of a U.S. person and in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, no securities or other property have been 
or will be delivered within the United States or to, or the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with 
any exercise thereof. See Condition 20(A) in respect of Warrants and Condition 22(A) in respect of Certificates.  
The Securities are also subject to U.S. tax law requirements and, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations, may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to 
United States persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and the U.S. 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In July 2010 the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank") was enacted, 
which provides for substantial changes to the regulation of the futures and over-the-counter (OTC) derivative 
markets. Dodd-Frank requires regulators, including the CFTC, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"SEC"), the Department of the Treasury, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the FSOC), the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to adopt regulations to implement 
many of the requirements of the legislation. 
Most of the regulations under Dodd-Frank have been adopted and these legislative and regulatory changes have 
increased the level of regulation of markets and market participants, and therefore the costs of participating in 
the commodities, futures and OTC derivative markets. Without limitation, these changes will require many OTC 
derivative transactions to be executed on regulated exchanges or trading platforms and cleared through regulated 
clearing houses. Swap dealers are required to be registered, to comply with business conduct standards and to 
clear certain classes of interest rate and credit default swaps through registered derivatives clearing organizations 
(unless an exception to clearing applies). The various legislative and regulatory changes, and the resulting 
increased costs and regulatory oversight requirements, could result in market participants being required to, or 
deciding to, limit their trading activities, which could cause reductions in market liquidity and increases in 
market volatility. These consequences could adversely affect the return on and value of the Securities. 
US Tax Selling Restrictions

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
Securities that constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982, the Code, or US Treasury Regulations and are not considered to be in “registered 
form” for US federal income tax purposes ("TEFRA Notes") are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person except in 
compliance with (i) US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for proposes of Section 4701 of the Code (the "D Rules"), or (ii) US Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for proposes of Section 
4701 of the Code (the "C Rules"). 
With respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the D Rules, the Issuer and each Manager has 
represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (a) it has not offered or sold, and during the required 
restricted period it will not offer or sell such TEFRA Notes to a person who is within the United States or 
its possessions or to a United States person and (b) it has not delivered and agrees that it will not deliver 
within the United States or its possessions Global Securities that are TEFRA Notes that will be sold during 
the restricted period; 
(ii) it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling such TEFRA Notes are aware 
that such TEFRA Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person (except to the extent permitted under the D 
Rules); 
(iii) if it is a United States person, it is acquiring such TEFRA Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance, and if it retains such TEFRA Notes for its own account, it will do so in accordance 
with the requirements of the D Rules; and 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires such TEFRA Notes from the Issuer or the Manager for 
purpose of offering or selling such TEFRA Notes during the restricted period, the Issuer or Dealer either repeats 
and confirms the representations and agreements contained in Paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such 
affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate or distributor for the benefit of the 
Issuer and each Dealer the representations and agreements contained in such Paragraphs. 
With respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the C Rules, the Issuer and each Manager has 
represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such TEFRA 
Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance; and 
(ii) it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if it 
is within the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve its US office, if any, in the offer or sale 
of such TEFRA Notes. 
Terms used in this Section shall have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, ("Code") and the US Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, including the C Rules and the D 
Rules.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
The Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 repealed the C Rules and D Rules for TEFRA Notes 
issued after 18 March 2012. However, in Notice 2012-20, the US Department of Treasury and the US Internal 
Revenue Service indicated that they intend to provide in regulations that rules identical to the C Rules and D 
Rules will apply to non-US issuers of TEFRA Notes for purposes of establishing an exemption from the excise 
tax imposed by Section 4701 of the Code. (The amount of the excise tax is one per cent. of the principal amount 
of the obligation, multiplied by the number of calendar years until the obligation reaches maturity). 
Consequently, TEFRA Notes issued in accordance with the C Rules or D Rules should continue to be treated as 
“foreign targeted obligations” that are exempt from the excise tax. 
3. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor either in the 
European Economic Area or in the specified jurisdictions only. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); or 
iv. 
a retail client within the meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation of 
the specified jurisdiction outside the EEA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Securities. 
4. SWITZERLAND 
Restrictions for distribution to Private Clients (as defined below) 
Securities may be offered to private clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Private Clients"; see also Opting-
in Client defined below) pursuant to article 4 para. 2 of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA")in or from 
Switzerland only if a key investor document pursuant to article 58 et seqq. FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt) 
("KID") or pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation ("PRIIPs-KID") relating to the Securities has been prepared and 
provided to Private Clients, unless Private Clients may exclusively purchase Securities under an asset 
management agreement pursuant to article 58 para. 2 FinSA. Before 1 January 2021, such Securities may be 
offered to Private Clients in or from Switzerland alternatively on the basis of a simplified prospectus relating to 
such Securities pursuant to article 5 para. 2 of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act ("CISA"; as in 
force on 1 March 2013) instead of a KID or PRIIPs-KID. 
If such disclosure document has not been prepared and provided to Private Clients, the Securities may only be 
offered in or from Switzerland to Private Clients which exclusively purchase Securities under an asset 
management agreement pursuant to article 58 para. 2 FinSA, professional clients (professionelle Kunden) and 
institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) ("Professional and Institutional Clients") as defined in article 4

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
para. 3 and 4 and article 5 para. 1 FinSA. In such case, neither this Base Prospectus nor any other documents 
aimed at marketing specific Securities shall be despatched, copied to or otherwise made available to, and the 
Securities may not be offered for sale or advertised to any person in Switzerland, except to such Private Clients, 
Professional and Institutional Clients, i.e. to (a) regulated financial intermediaries pursuant to the Swiss Banking 
Act, the Swiss Financial Institutions Act and CISA (as currently in force), (b) regulated insurance institutions 
pursuant to the Swiss Insurance Supervision Act, (c) foreign financial intermediaries subject to a prudential 
supervision as the persons pursuant to (a) and (b) above, (d) central banks, (e) public entities with professional 
treasury operations, (f) occupational pension schemes and other institutions whose purpose is to serve 
occupational pensions with professional treasury operations, (g) undertakings with professional treasury 
operations, (h) large companies that exceed two of the three relevant thresholds, being (x) balance sheet total of 
CHF 20 million, (y) turnover of CHF 40 million, and/or (z) equity capital of CHF 2 million, (i) private 
investment structures for high-net worth individuals with professional treasury operations and (j) Opting-out 
Clients (as defined below), provided such clients in (a) through (h) are not Oping-in Clients (as defined below). 
An "Opting-in Client" is a by default Professional or Institutional Client who confirms in writing according to 
article 5 para. 5 and 6 FinSA, respectively, that it shall be deemed and is forthwith treated as Private Client 
pursuant to article 4 para. 2 FinSA. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a private individual or a private 
investment structure who confirms credibly and in writing (i) that, based on his/her education and his/her 
professional experience or based on comparable experience in the financial sector, he/she has the necessary 
knowledge to understand the risks connected with an investment in the Securities and who owns, directly or 
indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 500'000, or (ii) that he/she owns, directly or indirectly, 
eligible financial assets of at least CHF 2 million. 
No public offering 
Furthermore, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in 
the Securities described herein. The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the FinSA and neither this Base Prospectus nor any KID, PRIIPs-KID, simplified 
prospectus or other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland except if the following prospectus requirements are complied 
with: 
Until six months after a reviewing body has been authorized by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority ("FINMA"), provided such date falls on or after 1 October 2020: Compliance of this Base Prospectus 
and any additional offering documents required, if any, with article 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations (as in 
effect immediately prior to the entry into force of the FinSA) and, if applicable, the listing rules of SIX Swiss 
Exchange Ltd ("SIX") or BX Swiss Ltd ("BX Swiss").  
Thereafter: Compliance of this Base Prospectus and any additional offering documents required, if any, with 
article 40 et seqq. FinSA, and approval of this Base Prospectus and any such additional offering documents, if 
any, by a reviewing body authorized by FINMA for that purpose pursuant to article 51 et seqq. FinSA, unless an 
exception from such obligations pursuant to article 36 et seqq. FinSA applies article 51 et seqq. FinSA, unless an 
exception from such obligations pursuant to article 36 et seqq. FinSA applies. 
5. GENERAL 
The Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager will be required to represent and agree that it will (to the best 
of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Manager shall have any

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
responsibility therefor.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Manager represents that Securities may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
With regard to each Tranche, the Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager will be required to comply with 
such other restrictions as the Issuer and the Manager(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in [the European Economic Area (the "EEA")] [and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•]]. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation [or (iv) a retail 
client within the meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation of [Insert jurisdiction(s) 
[•]]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in [the EEA] [and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•] [only]] has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in [the EEA] [and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) 
[•] [only]] may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
FINAL TERMS 
[Insert date] 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.P.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08 
[Title of Warrants or Certificates] 
[[commercial name:] [referred to for commercial purposes as] [“[●]”] 
under the Warrants and Certificates Programme IMI Corporate & Investment Banking  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 27 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] [which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation as amended]21. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein [for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation] 22 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus] is [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer [and 
the specified offices of the Principal Security Agent]23. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus] [has] [have] been published on the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and the Issuer (www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com). [An issue specific summary of the Securities is 
annexed to these Final Terms]. In the case of the Securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange [and of the Issuer]24.] 
(The Final Terms relating to each issue of Securities will contain (without limitation) such of the following 
information as is applicable in respect of such Securities. Any information that is not applicable will be deleted) 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the relevant series of Securities and 
words and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in these Final Terms 
insofar as they relate to such series of Securities, save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
 
21  
Delete wording in square brackets where an exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.   
22  
Delete wording in square brackets where an exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.   
23  
Delete wording in square brackets in the case of Italian Dematerialised Securities.  
24  
Delete wording in square brackets where an exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
These Final Terms relate to the series of Securities as set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below. 
References herein to "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant [Warrants/Certificates] that are 
the subject of these Final Terms and references to "Securities" and "Security" shall be construed accordingly.  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date:)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 June 2020, which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 27 May 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including 
the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] is 
[are] available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer [and the specified 
offices of the Principal Security Agent]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [has] 
[have] been published on the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and the Issuer 
(www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com). [An issue specific summary of the Securities is annexed to these 
Final Terms.]] 
1.  
Specific provisions for each Series: 
Series 
Number 
No. of Securities issued [Issue Price][Indicative 
Price] per Security 
 
⚫ 
⚫ 
⚫ 
 
⚫ 
⚫ 
⚫ 
 
 
 
 
2.  
Tranche Number: 
[[   ] [Not applicable] 
3.  
Minimum Exercise 
[Amount][Number]: 
[[   ] [Not applicable] 
4.  
Minimum Trading 
[Amount][Number]: 
[[   ] [Not applicable] 
5.  
Consolidation: 
[The Securities are to be consolidated and form a single series 
with the [insert title of relevant series of Securities] issued on 
[insert issue date]]. (Only applicable in relation to Securities 
which are fungible with an existing series of Securities) [Not 
applicable] 
6.  
Type of Securities and 
Underlying(s): 
(a) 
The Securities are [Certificates][[Covered] Warrants]. 
[The Certificates are [Index Securities] [and] [Share 
Securities] [and] [Exchange Rate Securities] [and] 
[Interest Rate Securities] [and] [Futures Contract 
Securities] [and] [Commodity Securities] [and] [Fund 
Securities] [and Govies Securities] [and] [Combined 
Securities].] [The Warrants are [European][American] 
Style Warrants.] 
(b) 
The item(s) to which the Securities relate [is] [are] 
[specify 
the 
Underlying(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
remuneration amounts and the Cash Settlement 
Amount] 
[if the Underlying is a Share, specify: name of the

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
issuer of the security and ISIN or other identification 
code] 
[if the Underlying is an Index specify the name of the 
Index, and where the composition, set of rules and 
governing rules may be found] 
[if the Underlying is an Interest Rate, describe the 
interest rate] 
[if the Underlying qualifies as "benchmark" for the 
purposes of the Benchmark Regulation insert: 
[specify benchmark(s)] [is/are] provided by [insert 
administrator(s) legal name(s)] [repeat as necessary]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
administrator(s) 
legal 
name(s)] 
[appear[s]]/[[does]/[do] 
not 
appear] 
[repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation] 
[repeat as necessary] OR [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply], such 
that [insert administrator(s) legal name(s)] [is/are] not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation 
or 
registration [since [specify benchmark(s)] [has/have] 
been recognised as [a] critical benchmark(s)] (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). [repeat as necessary].] 
[if the Underlying is an Exchange Rate, a Commodity, 
a Futures Contract, an ADR or GDR, insert description 
of the Underlying and specify where to obtain 
information about such Underlying] 
[if the Underlying is a Government Bond, specify: (i) 
whether the Underlying is the Government Bond or the 
Yield of Government Bond, (ii) the name of the issuer of 
the security and (iii) the ISIN or other identification 
code. Where the Underlying is the Yield of Government 
Bond, specify also the information source] 
[specify where information about the past and the 
further performance of the Underlying and its volatility 
can be found] 
[in case of Basket insert:  
a Basket of [    ] composed as follows:  
i 
Basket 
Constituent 
[Basket 
Constituent 
Weight] 
[Cap] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ]

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
] 
[In case of Securities linked to a Basket of Baskets 
insert:  
a Basket of baskets (each a "Basket Constituent") 
composed as follows: 
 
 
i 
Basket 
Constitue
nt 
[Basket 
Constitue
nt 
Weight] 
[Cap] 
t 
Financial assets 
composing the 
Basket Constituent 
Weight of the 
financial asset 
composing the 
Basket Constituent 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
 
 
] 
[in case of Multiperformance Certificates insert:  
the following Underlyings:  
i 
Underlying 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
] 
[in case of Currency Certificates insert: 
the following exchange rates: 
Exchange Rate 
Exchange Rate 
Weight

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
] 
[in case of Spread Certificates insert: 
Underlying A: [   ] 
Underlying B: [   ]] 
7.  
Typology: 
[Standard (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Max (Long/Consolidation Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Spread (Type A/ Type B/ Type C/Type D) Certificates] 
[Twin Win (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Benchmark (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Turbo (Long/Short) Certificate] 
[Outperformance (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Buffer Protection Certificates] 
[Global Performance Certificates] 
[Lucky Protection (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Dynamic Protection (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Currency Certificates] 
[Combined Amount Certificates] 
[Long Outperformance Combined Certificates] 
[Multiperformance Certificates] 
[Gap (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Dual Currency FX Certificates] 
[Calendar Certificates] 
[One Star Certificates] 
[Switch Certificates] 
[Reverse Butterfly Certificates] 
[Call Certificates] 
[Call [Covered] Warrants][Call Spread Warrants][Put [Covered] 
Warrants][Put Spread Warrants][Interest Rate Warrants] 
[Corridor Warrants] 
8.  
(i) Exercise Date: 
[The Exercise Date of the Securities is [    ]] [Not applicable]. 
 
(ii) Renouncement Notice Cut-off 
Time: 
[    ] (Only applicable for Italian Traded Securities) [Not 
applicable] 
9.  
Settlement Date: 
The Settlement Date for the Securities is [    ].  
10.  
Delivery Date: 
[The Delivery Date for the Securities is [    ].][Not applicable.] 
11.  
Issue Date: 
The Issue Date is [    ]. 
12.  
Issue Currency: 
The Issue Currency is [    ]. 
13.  
Discount Price 
[    ] [Not applicable]. 
14.  
Purchase Price: 
[    ] [Not applicable]. 
(Only applicable in relation to Digital Certificates)

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
15.  
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre[s] (for the purposes of the 
definition of "Business Day" in Condition 3) [is/are] [       ]. 
16.  
Business Day: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][    ]  
17.  
Exchange Business Day: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][    ]  
18.  
Settlement Business Day: 
Settlement Business day (for the purposes of Condition 4) means 
[       ]. (N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities)[Not applicable]  
19.  
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment (Cash Settled 
Securities)] 
[or] 
[physical 
delivery 
(Physical 
Delivery 
Securities)](in case of Physical Delivery Securities, specify if 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is applicable). 
20.  
Exchange Rate: 
The applicable Exchange Rate for conversion of the Underlying 
Reference Currency into the Settlement Currency, is [insert rate 
of exchange and details of how and when such rate is to be 
ascertained] [Not applicable]. 
21.  
Settlement Currency: 
The settlement currency [[for the payment of [the Cash 
Settlement Amount] (in the case of Cash Settled Securities)/[the 
Settlement Disruption Amount] (in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities)] [and any other remuneration amount under the 
Securities]] is [     ]. 
[If the Securities are Cash Settled Securities that are Dual 
Currency Securities: The Securities are Dual Currency 
Securities (For the purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 24 
include applicable provisions, such as:  
- Exchange Rate/method of calculating the Exchange Rate 
- the party, if any, responsible for calculating the Cash 
Settlement Amount 
- the provisions applicable where calculation by reference to the 
Rate of Exchange is impossible or impracticable, including a 
description of market disruption or settlement disruption events 
and adjustment provisions 
- person at whose option the Specified Currency(ies) are 
payable).] 
22.  
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [     ]. [Insert address of Calculation 
Agent] 
23.  
Exchange(s): 
[(For the purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 15) The 
relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [     ][in respect of each component 
security of the Index (each an Index Constituent), [     ] [the 
principal stock exchange on which such Index Constituent is 
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent]]. 
[Not applicable] 
24.  
[Reference Source] [, Index 
Sponsor ] [, Fund Manager] 
[    ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
[,Calculation Entity]: 
25.  
Related Exchange(s): 
[(For the purposes of Condition 15) The relevant Related 
Exchange(s) [is/are] [     ] [Not applicable] 
26.  
Rollover Date: 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
(Only applicable in relation to Futures Contract Securities) 
27.  
Open End Feature: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
28.  
Put Option: (only if Put Option or 
Open End Feature is specified as 
applicable. Delete the sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
 
Put Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] 
 
Put Notice Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
29.  
Call Option: (only if Call Option or 
Open End Feature is specified as 
applicable. Delete the sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
 
Call Valuation Period(s):  
[     ] 
 
Call Notice Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
30.  
Maximum Level: 
[Applicable [specify level]/ Not applicable] 
31.  
Minimum Level:  
[Applicable [specify level]/ Not applicable]  
(Only applicable in relation to Fund Securities) 
32.  
Settlement Amount: 
[Insert details of how Cash Settlement Amount / Physical 
Delivery is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 24 (Pay-out 
Provisions) [     ] 
[Specify the Underlying(s) which will be considered for the 
purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount] 
33.  
Multiplier: 
[The Multiplier to be applied is [     ]][Not applicable] 
34.  
Relevant Asset(s): 
The Relevant Asset to which the Securities relate [is/are] 
[     ][Not applicable]. 
(Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery Securities) 
35.  
Entitlement: 
[Not applicable.]  
[The Entitlement (as defined in Condition 3) in relation to each 
Security is [   ] (For the purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 
22 insert if necessary, details of how the Entitlement will be

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
calculated). 
The Entitlement will be evidenced by [For the purposes of 
Condition 22 insert details of how the Entitlement will be 
evidenced] 
The Entitlement will be delivered [For the purposes of 
Condition 22 insert details of the method of delivery of the 
Entitlement].] 
(Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery Securities) 
36.  
AMF Percentage:  
[Not applicable] [Applicable. [Specify details]] 
(Only applicable in relation to Benchmark Certificates) 
37.  
VMF Percentage:  
[Not applicable] [Applicable. [Specify details]] 
(Only applicable in relation to Benchmark Certificates) 
38.  
Strike Price (Delete sub-paragraphs 
if not applicable, which are only 
applicable in relation to Turbo 
Certificates): 
[     ] [Not applicable] (Only applicable in relation to Short 
Benchmark Certificates and Turbo Certificates) 
 
Dividend Percentage: 
[[     ] [subject to adjustment by the Calculation Agent] 
 
Restrike Costt: 
[specify details] 
39.  
Conversion Rate: 
[     ] [Not applicable] (Only applicable in relation to Dual 
Currency FX Certificates) 
40.  
Underlying Reference Currency: 
The Underlying Reference Currency is [     ] 
41.  
Quanto Option: 
[Applicable [in relation to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
42.  
Determination Date(s): 
[     ] / from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
43.  
Valuation Date(s): 
[     ] / from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
44.  
Intraday Value: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
45.  
Reference Value: 
[For the purposes of the [determination of the] [Accumulating 
Event] [Barrier Event] [Barrier Gap Event] [Consolidation Floor 
Event] [Coupon Event] [Digital Event] [Cliquet Valuation 
Period] [Early Redemption Event] [Extra Consolidation Digital 
Event] [Gearing Event] [Knock-in Event] [Knock-out Event] 
[Participation Rebate Event] [Restrike Event] [Switch Event] 
[Internal Return Amount] [Participation Remuneration Event] 
[Memory Effect] [Consolidation Effect] ] [calculation of the 
performance 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
[Global 
Performance] 
[Performance Sum]] the Reference Value will be [insert 
determination or calculation method among those specified 
within Condition 3, including, if applicable, the Intraday Value 
details and, in relation to Securities with more than one 
Underlying, the Underlying to be considered for the

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
determination of the relevant event.] 
[Not applicable]  
46.  
Initial Reference Value:  
The Initial Reference Value will be calculated on [     ] [insert 
calculation method among those specified within Condition 3 
and, in relation to Securities with more than one Underlying, the 
Underlying to be considered or, if applicable, the Intraday 
Value details for each Underlying]. 
 
Initial Reference Value 
Determination Period(s): 
[[     ] / from [     ] to [     ]][Not applicable] 
47.  
Final Reference Value: 
The Final Reference Value will be calculated on [     ] [insert 
calculation method among those specified within Condition 3 
and, in relation to Securities with more than one Underlying, the 
Underlying to be considered or, if applicable, the Intraday 
Value details for each Underlying]. 
 
Final Reference Value 
Determination Period(s): 
[[     ] / from [     ] to [     ]][Not applicable] 
48.  
Best Of Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
49.  
Worst Of Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
50.  
Rainbow Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
51.  
Reverse Split (Delete the sub-
paragraph if not applicable):  
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] (Only applicable 
in relation to Turbo Certificates) 
 
Reverse Split Notice Period: 
[Specify the Reverse Split Notice Period for the purposes of 
Condition 25] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CERTIFICATES 
[Applicable][Not applicable]. 
52.  
Performance Cap: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [In relation to Performance of the 
Underlying A equal to [    ]% and in relation to Performance of 
the Underlying B equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Performance Floor: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [In relation to Performance of the 
Underlying A equal to [    ]% and in relation to Performance of 
the Underlying B equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Performance Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
53.  
Initial Percentage:  
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
54.  
Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
55.  
Down Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
56.  
Up Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable]

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
57.  
Initial 
Leverage: 
(Delete 
sub-
paragraph if not applicable) 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable]  
 
Adjust Factor: 
[     ]% 
58.  
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Period(s): 
[     ] [from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Level: 
[     ][Specify the level of the period or the different levels for the 
same period and for each period if more than one]  
[Not applicable] 
 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Upper Barrier Level:  
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Selection Period: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Strike Observation Period: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Air Bag Factor: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Protection Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Protection Percentage: 
[     ]% [Not applicable] 
 
Spread Protection: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Protection Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dropdown Protection Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dropdown Protection Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dynamic Protection Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] (only applicable in relation to Dynamic 
Protection Certificates) 
 
Step Up Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] (only applicable in relation to Dynamic 
Protection Certificates) 
 
Sigma Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Predetermined Loss Percentage: 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable] 
 
Short Protection: 
[     ] [Not applicable][only in case of Standard Short Barrier 
Protected Certificates and Max Short Barrier Protected 
Certificates] 
 
Butterfly Level:  
[[     ]% of the Initial Reference Value] [Not applicable] [only in 
case of Reverse Butterfly Certificates] 
59.  
Barrier Gap Event: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable]

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
 
Barrier Gap Observation Period(s): 
[     ] [from [     ] to [     ]] (Specify each period if more than one) 
 
Barrier Gap Level: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Gap Leverage: 
[Applicable [specify details]] 
60.  
Cap 
Level(s): 
(Delete 
sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Percentage: 
[[     ] %] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Style 1: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] (only in case of 
Restrike Feature)  
 
Cap Style 2: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] (only in case of 
Restrike Feature)  
61.  
Consolidation Floor Event: (Delete 
sub-paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] [from [     ] to [     ] 
 
Consolidation Floor Level: 
[     ][Specify the level of the period or the different levels for the 
same period and for each period if more than one]  
 
Cap Consolidation Amount: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
62.  
Cap Barrier Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
63.  
Cap Down Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
64.  
Strike Percentage: 
[     ] % [Not applicable] 
65.  
Calendar Cap Percentage: 
[     ] % [Not applicable] 
66.  
Calendar Floor Percentage: 
[     ] % [Not applicable] 
67.  
Gearing Factor: 
[     ] % [Not applicable] (only applicable in relation to Standard 
Long Certificates) 
68.  
One Star Event: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable. [Specify details]] [Not applicable] (only applicable 
in relation to One Star Certificates) 
 
One Star Trigger Level: 
[     ]% of the Initial Reference Value (specify for each 
Underlying or each Basket Constituent) 
 
One Star Determination Period: 
[     ][     ] / from [     ] to [     ] 
69.  
Switch 
Event: 
(Delete 
sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable. [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Switch Level: 
[     ] %

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
 
Switch Valuation Period: 
[     ][     ] / from [     ] to [     ] 
70.  
Spread: (Delete sub-paragraph if 
not applicable) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [Specify details] 
 
Margin: 
[     ] 
71.  
Gearing 
Event: 
(Delete 
sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] (only applicable 
in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates) 
 
Gearing Level: 
[     ] 
 
Gearing: 
[     ]%  
 
Initial Gearing: 
[     ]%  
72.  
Buffer 
Event: 
(Delete 
sub- 
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable. [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Buffer Percentage: 
[     ] % 
 
Performance Sum: 
[The Performance Sum will be calculated on the Performance 
Observation Date(s) [insert calculation method and strategy]. 
 
Performance Sum Cap: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Performance Sum Floor: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Protection Percentage: 
[     ] % 
 
Buffer Valuation Period(s): 
[     ]  
73.  
Global Performance: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable] [The Global Performance will be calculated on the 
Performance Observation Date(s) [insert calculation method] 
[Not applicable] 
 
Participation Factor: 
[     ]% 
 
Local Floor Percentage: 
[     ]% 
 
Global Strike Percentage: 
[     ]% 
 
Performance Observation Date(s): 
[only applicable in case of Buffer 
Protection Certificates and Global 
Performance Certificates] 
[     ]  
[     ] / from [     ] to [     ] 
 
Strike Level: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] (Only applicable to Dual Currency FX 
Certificates) 
74.  
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: 
[Not applicable] [Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity applies to 
the Securities]. 
(N.B. (1) Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities. (2) Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is applicable 
to certain Share Securities. Careful consideration should be 
given to whether Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity would 
apply to other Physical Delivery Securities)

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
75.  
Digital Percentage: 
[[     ]%][Not 
applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Digital 
Certificates) 
76.  
Settlement Level: 
[[     ]%][Not 
applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Digital 
Certificates) 
77.  
Combined Amount (Delete sub- 
paragraph if not applicable): 
[Applicable] [The Combined Amount will be equal to the 
product of the Multiplier of the Underlying specified below and 
the relevant Final Reference Value] [Not applicable] (Only 
applicable to Combined Amount Certificates) 
 
Underlying: 
[     ] [specify underlying to be used for the determination of the 
Combined Amount] 
78.  
Darwin Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REMUNERATION AMOUNTS AND EARLY REDEMPTION 
AMOUNTS 
79.  
Knock-out Feature: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable in relation to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
 
Knock-out Event: 
[     ] (Specify details for each period if more than one) 
 
Knock-out Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) 
 
Knock-out Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
80.  
Knock-in Feature: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable in relation to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
 
Knock-in Event: 
[     ] (Specify details for each period if more than one) 
 
Knock-in Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) 
 
Knock-in Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
81.  
Digital Amount(s): (Delete sub-
paragraphs of not applicable) 
[     ] (specify details for each level/period if more than one) 
[Equal to Coupon Premium 1 or Coupon Premium 2 depending 
on the occurrence of Coupon Event] [Not applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[     ] [specify Underlying(s) in relation to each Digital Event] 
 
Digital Level(s): 
[     ] (Specify details of the level(s) and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more 
than one) 
 
Digital Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
 
Digital Payment Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one) 
 
Digital Combo Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable]

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
 
Cliquet Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cliquet Valuation Period: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Consolidation Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Extra Consolidation Digital 
Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]][Not applicable] 
 
Extra Consolidation Digital Level: 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Extra Consolidation Digital 
Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Memory Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Path Dependency Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Path Dependency Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
82.  
Restrike 
Feature: 
(Delete 
sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable]  
 
Restrike Level: 
[     ] % (Specify for each period if more than one)  
 
Restrike Observation Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one)  
 
Restrike Percentage: 
[     ]% (Specify for each period if more than one)  
83.  
Plus Amount(s): (Delete sub-
paragraph if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Plus Payment Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify each date if more than one)  
84.  
Accumulated Amount(s): (Delete 
sub-paragraph if not applicable) 
[Applicable. [If an Early Redemption Level is applicable, specify 
whether the payment of the Accumulated Amount is conditional 
upon occurrence of an Early Redemption Event]][Not 
applicable] 
 
Accumulating Amount(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one)  
 
Accumulating Event(s): 
[     ] (Specify details) 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify underlying(s) in relation to the determination of the 
Accumulating Event] [Not applicable]

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
 
Accumulating Level(s): 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Accumulating Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one)  
 
Accumulated Valuation Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one)  
 
Accumulated Payment Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one)  
 
Accumulating  Autocallable Trigger 
Amount(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
85.  
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
(Delete sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable] [     ] (Specify for each period if more than one) 
[Equal to Coupon Premium 1 or Coupon Premium 2 depending 
on the occurrence of Coupon Event] [The Early Redemption 
Amount[s] [is] [are] [Long [Cap] Early Redemption Amount[s]] 
[and] [Short [Cap] Early Redemption Amount[s]] (For the 
purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 24, insert details for 
each Early Redemption Amount and the valuation date(s) for the 
determination of the performance of the Underlying if different 
from the Early Redemption Valuation Period(s))] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[     ] [specify Underlying(s) in relation to each Early 
Redemption Event] 
 
Early Participation Factort: 
[     ] (Specify details) [Not applicable] 
 
Early Cap Level: 
[     ] (Specify details) [Not applicable] 
 
Early Cap Percentage: 
[     ] (Specify details) [Not applicable] 
 
Early Cap Amount: 
[     ] (Specify details) [Not applicable] 
 
Early Redemption Event: 
[     ] (Specify details) 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify underlying(s) in relation to the calculation of the Early 
Redemption Amount.] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Redemption Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one)  
 
Early Redemption Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one)  
 
Early Payment Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one)  
86.  
Early Partial Capital Payment 
Amount: (Delete sub-paragraph if 
not applicable) 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Partial Capital Payment Date: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Outstanding Amount Determination 
[     ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
Date(s): 
87.  
Coupon Event: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Coupon Level: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Determination Period: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Premium 1: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Premium 2: 
[     ] 
88.  
Internal Return Amount: (Delete 
sub-paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [IRA Compound / IRA Simple] [Not applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify underlying(s) in relation to the calculation of the 
Internal Return Amount.][Not applicable] 
 
Annual Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify date(s)] 
 
IRA Cap: 
[[   ]%] [Not applicable] 
 
Annual Remuneration Payment 
Date(s): 
[Specify date(s) for each Annual Valuation Date if more than 
one] 
89.  
Participation Remuneration 
Amount: (Delete sub-paragraph if 
not applicable) 
[Applicable. The Participation Remuneration Amount[s] [is] 
[are] [Long Participation Remuneration Amount[s] Form A] 
[and] [Long Participation Remuneration Amount[s] Form B] 
[Short 
Participation 
Remuneration 
Amount[s]] 
[Spread 
Participation Remuneration Amount[s]] (specify details)] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[     ] [specify Underlying(s) in relation to each Participation 
Remuneration Amount] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Payment Date(s): 
[     ]  
 
Participation Valuation Period: 
[[     ] (specify in relation to each Participation Remuneration 
Amount if more than one)] [Not applicable] 
 
Strike Remuneration Percentage: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Floor Percentage: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Base Premium Percentage: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Amount Gearing: 
[     ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
 
Net Profit Feature: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[if applicable, specify details / specify the relevant Participation 
Remuneration Amount(s) and the relevant Remuneration 
Payments Date(s) for the calculation of the Remuneration Sum] 
 
Tarn Feature: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Specify details and the relevant Participation Remuneration 
Amount(s) and the relevant Remuneration Payments Date(s) for 
the calculation of the Remuneration Sum] 
 
Tarn Amount  
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Combo Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Factort: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration Event: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Level(s): 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) 
 
Cliquet Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cliquet Valuation Period: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each date if more than one) 
 
Consolidation Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Consolidation Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Memory Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
90.  
Participation Rebate Feature: 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Rebate Event: 
[Applicable [specify details]]  
 
Participation Rebate Level: 
[     ] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
Participation Rebate Valuation 
[     ] (specify each period if more than one)

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
Period(s): 
91.  
Floating Amount:(Only applicable 
in relation to Interest Rate 
Warrants. Delete the sub-
paragraphs if not applicable): 
[Not applicable.] [Applicable]. 
 
 
Floating Amount Determination 
Period/ Floating Amount Payment 
Date(s)/ Notional Amountt: 
t 
 
Floating 
Amount 
Determination 
Periodt 
[Notional 
Amountt] 
 
Floating 
Amount 
Payment Date 
 
from 
to 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
 
 
[The Notional Amountt is equal to the [Notional Amount] 
[               ] in relation to all the Floating Amount Determination 
Periods.] 
 
Floating Amount Determination 
Date(s): 
[               ] 
 
Interest Cap: 
[               ] 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360][Actual/Actual] (specify details, if necessary) 
[following] [modified following] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[               ] 
 
- Manner in which Reference Rate 
is to be determined: 
Sub-paragraphs below to be 
completed if Reference Rate has to 
be determined in accordance with 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of Condition 24: [   
] 
 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial Centre] [Not 
applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Currency: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
- 
Specified Time: 
[[          ] in the Relevant Financial Centre][Not applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[               ]

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[               ] [Not applicable] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[               ] [Not applicable] 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[               ] [Not applicable] 
92.  
Premium Gap Amount: (Delete the 
sub-paragraphs if not applicable): 
[Not applicable.] [Applicable: [Floating Premium] [and] [Fixed 
Premium] [and] [Difference in Rates] determined on the basis of 
the number of days within the [relevant] Premium Gap 
Observation Period, which is the period that will be composed 
by: 
i. if a Barrier Gap Event has not occurred, the same number of 
days comprised in the [relevant] Premium Determination 
Period; or 
ii. if a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, the number of days 
from [and including] [but excluding] the initial day of the 
[relevant] Premium Determination Period to [and including] 
[but excluding] the day on which the Barrier Gap Event has 
occurred and not on the basis of all the days of the [relevant] 
Premium Determination Period. 
[If a Barrier Gap Event occurs, after the payment of the 
Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the payment date 
following the Barrier Gap Event Date on which a Barrier Gap 
Event has occurred, no further Premium Gap Amount will be 
paid to the investors.] 
 
Fixed Premium: (delete the 
following sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [specify in relation to which period if more than 
one]][Not applicable]  
 
− 
Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360][Actual/Actual] (specify details, if necessary) 
[following] [modified following] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
− 
Premium Determination 
Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
− 
Premium Gap Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
Floating Premium: (delete the 
following sub-paragraph if not 
applicable): 
[Applicable [specify in relation to which period if more than 
one]] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Premium Margin 
[Applicable [specify details] [Not applicable] (Please note that 
the Premium Margin may be equal to zero if the Issuer decides 
not to apply it for the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount)

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360][Actual/Actual] (specify details, if necessary) 
[following] [modified following] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
− 
Premium Determination 
Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
− 
Premium Gap Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
− 
Manner in which the rate of 
interest is to be determined: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of Condition 24: [   
] 
 
− 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[               ] 
 
− 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[specify relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Specified Time: 
[[     ] in the relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
 
Difference in Rates: (delete the 
following sub-paragraph if not 
applicable): 
[Applicable [specify in relation to which period if more than 
one]] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360][Actual/Actual] (specify details, if necessary) 
[following] [modified following] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
− 
Premium Determination 
Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
− 
Premium Gap Payment 
[     ] (specify for each period if more than one)

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
Date(s): 
 
− 
Rate 1: 
[     ] 
 
(i) 
Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Premium Margin: 
[Applicable [specify details] [Not applicable] (Please note that 
the Premium Margin may be equal to zero if the Issuer decides 
not to apply it for the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount) 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which Rate 1 is 
to be determined: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of Condition 24: [   
] 
 
Sub-paragraphs below to be 
completed if Rate 1 is 
determined in accordance 
with Screen Rate 
Determination 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[               ] 
 
− 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[specify relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Specified Time: 
[[     ] in the relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reset Date 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Rate 2: 
[     ] 
 
(i) Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) Premium Margin: 
[Applicable [specify details] [Not applicable] (Please note that 
the Premium Margin may be equal to zero if the Issuer decides 
not to apply it for the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount)

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
 
(iii) Manner in which Rate 2 is 
to be determined: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of Condition 24: [   
] 
 
Sub-paragraphs below to be 
completed if Rate 2 is 
determined in accordance 
with Screen Rate 
Determination 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[specify relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Specified Time: 
[[     ] in the relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reset Date 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO WARRANTS 
[Applicable][Not applicable]. 
93. 
Type of Warrants: 
[(i) the Warrants are [European/American] Style Warrants 
(ii) the Warrants are [Call] [Put] [Corridor][Covered] [Interest 
Rate] Warrants.][Not applicable] 
94. 
Notional Amount [and Final 
Notional Amount (Only applicable 
for Interest Rate Warrants)] : 
[Not applicable] [     ] 
95. 
Exercise Price: 
[Not applicable] [     ] (Only applicable for Covered Warrants) 
96. 
Premium: 
[Not applicable] [[     ] [[(being] [     ]% of the Notional 
Amount[)]] for each Warrant.] 
97. 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable]

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Period(s): 
[from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[     ][Specify the level for each period if more than one] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Upper Barrier Level:  
[     ][Specify the level for each period if more than one] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Corridor Early Amount: 
[     ][Not applicable] 
 
Corridor Early Payment Date: 
[     ][Not applicable] 
98. 
Strike Percentage: 
[     ]% [Not applicable] 
99. 
Exercise Period: 
[Not applicable] [[     ]] (Only applicable for American Style 
Warrants) 
100. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[Not applicable] [The maximum number of Warrants that must 
be exercised on any day by any Securityholder or group of 
Securityholders is [     ]] (Not applicable for European Style 
Warrants). 
101. 
Settlement Determination Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ] (Only applicable for Interest Rate 
Warrants)] [Not applicable] 
102. 
Settlement Determination Date: 
[[     ] (Only applicable for Interest Rate Warrants)] [Not 
applicable] 
GENERAL 
101. 
Form of Securities: 
[Bearer Securities 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Security which is exchangeable for Definitive Securities 
only in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Security.] 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities on or after the Exchange Date.] 
[Permanent Global Security exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities only in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Security.]] 
[Registered Securities] 
[Italian Dematerialised Securities] 
102. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable. The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in [the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA")] [and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•]] 
[Insert any other selling restriction [•]].] 
[The Securities are only intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to investors via the professional segment of [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[the Euro

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
MTF Market]/[•].] 
[Not applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, 
"Not applicable" should be specified. If the Securities may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
[MREL eligible liabilities:] 
[[Applicable] / [Not applicable]] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
103. 
Syndication: 
[Not applicable.] [The Securities will be distributed on a [non-
]syndicated basis.] 
 
(i) 
[If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[give names, and addresses and underwriting commitments] 
[Not applicable.] ] 
(Including names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Managers and an indication of the material 
features of the agreements, including, where applicable, the 
quotas. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of 
the portion not covered. Also provide an indication of the 
placing commission) 
 
(ii) 
[Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[     ] [Not applicable.] ] 
 
(iii) 
[Stabilising Manager (if 
any): 
[Not applicable][give name and address (*)]] 
 
[If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Manager (if not the 
Issuer): 
[Name and address] [Not applicable.] ] 
 
[Total commission and other costs: 
[specify the total commission and cost (e.g. placement 
commissions or – in case the Issuer acts as Distributor – 
distribution commissions), the single components of commission 
and cost, if any, and the elements to be taken into account for 
the purposes of determining the variable commission, if any, or 
other structuring fees, other structuring costs, if any] [Not 
applicable.]] 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Example(s) of complex derivatives securities: 
[Not applicable.] [Insert, where available, scenarios and 
simulations of the Certificates, for informative and illustrative 
purposes only, with a statement that they do not purport either 
to be comprehensive or anticipate or guarantee future returns.]

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
[DISTRIBUTION IN OR FROM SWITZERLAND TO PRIVATE CLIENTS AND PUBLIC OFFER] 
[If (i) Securities are not distributed in or from Switzerland to Private Clients or (ii) Private Clients in or from 
Switzerland may exclusively purchase Securities under an asset management agreement pursuant to article 58 
para. 2 FinSA, add: The Securities may be distributed in or from Switzerland only to professional and 
institutional clients and, only under certain conditions, to private clients as defined in the Swiss Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA"). No KID, PRIIPs-KID or simplified prospectus in accordance with the requirements of 
the FinSA is required or has been prepared for the purpose of such distribution. 
[If Securities are distributed in or from Switzerland to Private Clients, unless Private Clients may exclusively 
purchase Securities under an asset management agreement pursuant to article 58 para. 2 FinSA, add: The 
Securities may be distributed in or from Switzerland. A [KID][PRIIPs-KID][simplified prospectus according to 
the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act (as in force on 1 March 2013)] has been prepared and made 
available in accordance with the requirements of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") at: [insert contact 
details of Issuer][if electronic version is retrievable online: and [insert URL][If Securities are publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA, add as applicable: [The Base Prospectus 
[and [insert additional offering document] constitute[s] a prospectus in accordance with article 1156 of the Swiss 
Code of Obligations (as in effect immediately prior to the entry into force of the FinSA)][ and the listing rules of 
[SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd][BX Swiss Ltd].][The Base Prospectus [and [insert additional offering document] 
[has][have] been approved according to the requirements of the FinSA by a reviewing body authorized by the 
Swiss Financial Market Authority.]  
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[The information relating to ⚫ [and ⚫] (the "Reference Information") contained herein has been accurately 
[reproduced] [extracted] from [insert information source(s)]. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [⚫], no facts have been omitted which would render the [reproduced] [extracted] 
information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accuracy of such 
[extraction][reproduction] but accepts no further or other responsibility in respect of such information.]] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 .................................................  
Duly authorised] 
 
 
 
 
 Distribution in or from Switzerland is exempt from the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application [[has] [may] [will]] [also] [been] [be] made][is 
expected to be made in] [Luxembourg – Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and] [Austria] [Croatia] 
[Hungary] [Ireland] [Republic of Italy] [Slovak Republic] 
[Slovenia] [Spain] [None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [[has] [may] [will]] [also] [been] [be] made][is 
expected to be made] for the Securities to be admitted to trading 
on [specify details of the relevant market/trading venue in 
Luxembourg/ Austria/ Croatia/ Ireland/ Republic of Italy/ 
Hungary/ Slovak Republic/ Slovenia/ Spain/ as the case may be] 
with effect from [     ]. (specify all the relevant markets / trading 
venues - if more than one - by enlisting them in different 
paragraphs)]  
[[After the Issue Date] [A][a]pplication may be made to list the 
Securities on other stock exchanges or regulated markets or to 
admit to trading on other trading venues as the Issuer may 
decide.] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading) 
[Only qualified investors, as defined in Article 2 (e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, are allowed to purchase the Securities 
on the [•].] 
2. 
NOTIFICATION 
[The CSSF [has been requested to provide/has provided] the [names of competent authorities of host 
Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Not applicable.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any commission payable to the Manager[s] [and costs payable to the Issuer], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Securities has an interest material to the offer. – 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. In the event that the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent 
or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, include a reference to the risk factor "Potential 
Conflicts of Interest".] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[Not applicable.] [     ] 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or hedging 
certain risks will need to include those reasons here (for 
example for Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social 
Certificates, or Sustainability Certificates).)] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[Not applicable.] [     ] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient 
to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[None.] [     ].  [Expenses are required to be broken down into 
each principal intended "use" and presented in order of priority 
of such "uses".] 
((i) above is required where the reasons for the offer are 
different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks and 
where this is the case disclosure of net proceeds and total 
expenses at (ii) and (iii) above are also required.) 
5. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
[Applicable][Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the entire section)] 
[Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) - which must be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplement have been passported] 
[Offer Price:] 
[Issue Price][specify] 
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[The Offer Period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be 
open and description of the application 
process:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public:] 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Process for notifying to applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Consent to use of Base Prospectus] 
[Not applicable.] [[The Issuer consents to the use of 
the Base Prospectus by all financial intermediaries 
(the "Authorised Offerors") (general consent).] 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base 
Prospectus 
by 
the 
following 
Financial 
Intermediary[y][ies] (individual consent): [insert 
names] 
and 
address[es]] 
(the 
"Authorised 
Offerors").] 
[Such consent is also subject to and given under 
condition [ ]] 
[The subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Certificates by the Authorised Offerors can be made 
[as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in 
accordance with article 12 of the Prospectus 
Regulation] [include relevant period if less than 12 
months].]] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the Managers / 
Distributors in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[None/give details] 
 
(ii) 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) 
of the global offer and of single parts of 
the offer: 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Name and address of any paying agents 
and depository agents in each country 
(in addition to the Principal Security 
Agent): 
[Not applicable] [⚫]

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
 
(iv) 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis, and entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or under "best efforts" 
arrangements: 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
 
(v) 
Date of signing of the [underwriting] / 
[placement] agreement 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
7. 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information about the 
Underlying(s) will be reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-
issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations]. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Common 
Code][●][specify 
other 
security identification code, if any]: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
 
[(iii)] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., relevant 
address(es), and relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not applicable/Monte Titoli/give name(s) and 
number(s)] 
 
[(iv)] 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
initial 
Security Agents: 
[            ] 
 
[(v)] 
[Name(s) and address(es) of Listing 
Agent(s) (only applicable for Listing 
Agent(s) other than the Luxembourg 
Listing 
Agent. 
Delete 
if 
not 
applicable):] 
[[            ]]

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
 
[Insert the issue specific summary for the Securities]

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
[ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS  
(Only applicable in the case of multi-products issuance)] 
[Applicable table in case of Warrants: 
Series 
(Item 2 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specifi
c  
Summa
ry 
(Delete 
when 
Summa
ry is not 
applica
ble)]) 
Warrant
s Isin 
Code [or 
other 
security 
identific
ation 
code if 
different 
from 
ISIN 
Code] 
(Paragr
aph 16 
of Part 
B [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Underl
ying 
(Item 6 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specifi
c 
Summ
ary 
(Delete 
when 
Summa
ry is 
not 
applica
ble)]) 
Call/Call 
Spread/ 
Put/Put 
Spread 
(Item 93 of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] 
of the Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)]
) 
Isin 
Underlyi
ng 
(Paragra
ph 6 of 
Part B 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Strike 
Percenta
ge 
(Item 98 
of Part 
A [and 
Element 
C.19 of 
the 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Valuati
on Date 
(Item 43 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)])] 
[Exercis
e Date] 
[Exercis
e Period] 
(Item [•] 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Settleme
nt Date 
(Item 9 of 
Part A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable
)])] 
Notional 
Amount 
(Item 94 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Minimu
m 
Exercise 
Number 
(Item 3 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Exchang
e/Sponso
r of the 
Index 
(Item [•]  
of Part 
A and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Lower 
Barrier 
Level] 
(specify 
for each 
period if 
more 
than one) 
(Item 85 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Upper 
Barrier 
Level] 
specify 
for each 
period if 
more 
than one) 
(Item 85 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Corridor 
Early 
Amount 
(Item 97 
of Part A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable
)]) 
]

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
[Applicable table in case of Certificates: 
Series 
(Item 
2 
of Part A 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Certifica
tes 
Isin 
Code [or 
other 
security 
identifica
tion code 
if 
different 
from 
ISIN 
Code] 
(Paragra
ph 16 of 
Part B ) 
Underlyi
ng 
(Item 
6 
of Part A 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Isin 
Underlyin
g 
(Paragrap
h 6 of Part 
B 
[and 
Section [•] 
of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)
]) 
[Valuation 
Date 
(Item 43 of 
Part 
A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)
])] 
[Settlement 
Date 
(Item 
9 
of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicable)])] 
[•] Amount 
(specify 
for 
each period 
if more than 
one) 
(Item [•] of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)]) 
[•] 
Level 
(specify 
for 
each period if 
more than one) 
(Item [•] of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is not 
applicable)]) 
[•]  
[Valuation] 
[Observation] 
[Determination] 
[Date/Period] 
(Item [•] of Part A 
[and Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when Summary is not 
applicable)]) 
Exchange/ 
Sponsor of 
the Index 
(Item [•] of 
Part A and 
Section [•] 
of the Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)] 
) 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
]

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
TAXATION 
1. 
GENERAL 
The tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the Securities. 
Transactions involving Securities may be subject to stamp taxes and give rise to certain other tax 
consequences for potential purchasers which may depend, amongst other things, upon the status of the 
potential purchaser and laws relating to transfer and registration taxes. Paragraphs below summarise, 
for information purposes only, certain aspects of the tax treatment of transactions involving Securities 
in Luxembourg, Austria, Croatia, Ireland, Republic of Italy, Hungary, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, 
Spain, Switzerland and United States. However, such transactions may have tax consequences in other 
jurisdictions. Potential purchasers who are in any doubt about the tax position of any aspect of 
transactions involving Securities should consult their own tax advisers. 
The following general discussion does not take into account taxation which may be imposed by way of 
withholding or otherwise in Luxembourg, Austria, Croatia, Ireland, Republic of Italy, Hungary, Slovak 
Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland and United States or in any other jurisdiction, on income and 
capital gains in any form, on any of the underlying assets to which the Securities may relate. 
Condition 10 (Expenses and Taxation) should be considered carefully by all potential purchasers of any 
Securities. 
2. 
REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The following is a general discussion of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the 
Securities. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could 
be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, 
own or dispose of the Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to 
all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject 
to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their interest in the Securities. 
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific 
terms of such Series or Tranche of Securities as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following 
section only provides some general information on the possible tax treatment.  
This summary may not provide prospective investors with a comprehensive description of the tax 
consequences of an investment in Securities that are redeemed by physical delivery. 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities may be different depending on 
whether: (a) they represent a securitized debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di 
capitale), through which the subscriber of the Securities transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of 
capital for the purpose of obtaining remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to obtain 
its (partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or (b) they represent a securitized derivative financial 
instrument or bundle of derivative financial instruments that do not entail a "use of capital", through 
which the subscriber of the Securities invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the 
purpose of obtaining a profit deriving from the terms of such underlying financial instruments.

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
The following summary does not describe the tax treatment of bonds (obbligazioni) and similar 
securities (which are debentures incorporating an unconditional obligation of the Issuer to pay, at 
redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value). 
Italian taxation of the Securities  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, 
including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised under the Securities if the Securities are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the "Finance Act 
2017"), in Article 1(210-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 (the "Finance Act 2019") and in 
Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 converted into law with amendments by 
Law No. 157 of 19 December 2019 (the "Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020"). Pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020 ("Law No. 178"), it is further 
provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual 
savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance 
Act 2020 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative 
differences realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term 
individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including 
the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
Atypical securities 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on proceeds relating to Atypical Securities, if such Securities 
are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, in Article 1(210-215) of the 
Finance Act 2019 and in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020. Pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals 
investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-
bis, paragraph 2-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020 may benefit from a tax credit 
corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain 
qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that 
certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently 
set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Inheritance and gift tax  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 
2006, as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other 
securities, such as the Securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding €1,000,000; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000; and 
(iii) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift.

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
If the heir/heiress and/or the donee is a person with a severe disability pursuant to Law n. 104 of 
February 5, 1992, inheritance tax or gift tax is applied to the extent that the value of the inheritance or 
gift exceeds € 1,500,000. 
Transfer tax  
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, as from 31 December 2007 contracts relating to the 
transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarized deeds 
are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only 
in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty  
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 
October 1972, as amended by Article 1 par. 581 of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 ("Decree 642"), 
a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients in respect of any financial product and instrument, which may 
be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.20 per 
cent. and it cannot exceed € 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is 
determined on the market value or – in the absence of a market value – on the nominal value or the 
redemption amount of any financial product or financial instruments. Based on the interpretation of the 
law, it may be understood that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident 
Securityholders, to the extent that the Securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not 
mandatory nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods 
of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro-rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the 
relevant regulations issued by the Bank of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, 
financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) and (18-bis) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident 
individuals, Italian  non commercial entities, Italian non-commercial partnerships and assimilated 
entities pursuant to Article 5 of Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 holding the 
Securities outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent.. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no 
market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets 
held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount 
of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian 
wealth tax due).  
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August, 1990, as 
amended, individuals, non-commercial institutions and non-commercial partnerships resident in Italy 
who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, 
disclose the aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return 
(or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as 
prescribed for the income tax return).  
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument.

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
Financial Transaction Tax  
Pursuant to Article 1, para. 491 and followings of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, the Italian 
Parliament introduced a financial transaction tax ("FTT") which applies to (a) the transfer of ownership 
of shares and other participating securities issued by Italian resident companies or of financial 
instruments representing the just mentioned shares and/or participating securities (irrespective of 
whether issued by Italian resident issuers or not) (the "Relevant Securities"), (b) transactions on 
financial derivatives (i) the main underlying assets of which are the Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose 
value depends mainly on one or more Relevant Securities, as well as to (c) any transactions on the 
securities (as set forth by article 1, paragraph 1-bis, letters c) and d), of the Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998), (iii) which is allowed to mainly purchase or sell one or more Relevant Securities 
or (iv) implying a cash payment determined with main reference to one or more Relevant Securities.  
Warrants and certificates are expressly included in the scope of application of the FTT if they meet the 
requirements set out above. 
With specific reference to the transactions on securitised derivatives on the Relevant Securities (such as 
the Securities) the FTT is due, as of 1 September 2013, regardless of the tax residence of the parties 
and/or where the transaction is executed.  
The FTT is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the relevant instrument and 
the notional value of the transaction, and ranges between EUR 0.01875 and EUR 200 per transaction.  
The amount of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the transaction is performed 
on regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities of certain EU Member States and of the SEE.  
The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. The FTT is not applied where 
one of the parties to the transaction is the European Union, the BCE, central banks of the EU Member 
States, foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, or 
international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy. Further specific exemptions exist, inter alia, for (i) subjects who carry on market 
making activities; (ii) mandatory social security entities and pension funds set up according to 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005; and (iii) intragroup transfers of the Relevant 
Securities. 
The FTT shall be levied, and subsequently paid, to the Italian Revenue by the subject (generally a 
financial intermediary) that is involved, in any way, in the performance of the transaction. If more than 
one subject is involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT is payable by the subject who 
receives the order of execution by the ultimate purchaser or counterparty. Intermediaries that are not 
resident in Italy but are liable to collect the FTT from the taxpayers and to pay it to the Italian Revenue 
can appoint an Italian tax representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary is involved in 
the performance of the transaction, the FTT must be paid directly by the taxpayers.  
For further information about the EU Financial Transaction Tax please refer to the following paragraph 
10.  
3. 
LUXEMBOURG 
The statements herein regarding tax considerations in Luxembourg are based on the laws in force in 
Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law. 
The following information is of a general nature, is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. 
Prospective investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject as a 
result of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Securities.

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding tax 
Non-Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon settlement, 
repurchase or exchange of the Securities held by non-resident holders of Securities. 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Securities, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon settlement, repurchase or exchange of Securities 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Securities. 
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg are at present 
subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Payments of interest or similar income under the Securities coming within the scope of the Law will be 
subject to withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
Taxation of Corporate Holders  
Luxembourg corporate holders  
Holders of Securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income 
tax on a repayment of principal.  
A corporate holder of Securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, or who has a 
permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg corporation taxes in respect of the interest received or accrued 
on the Securities as well as on any redemption premium received or issue discount realized.  
Gains realized by a corporate holder of Securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or 
who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities 
are attributable, on the sale or disposal of their Securities, are subject to Luxembourg corporation taxes.  
Non-resident corporate holders not having a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Luxembourg  
Gains realized by a non-resident corporate holder of Securities who does not have a permanent 
establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities are attributable, on 
the sale or disposal of their Securities, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax.  
Wealth tax  
Under present Luxembourg tax laws, a holder of Securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax 
purposes, or a non-resident holder of Securities who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of 
business in Luxembourg to which the Securities are attributable, has to take into account the Securities

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
for purposes of the Luxembourg wealth tax, with the exception of certain holders falling within the 
laws on family estate management companies dated May 11, 2007, on regulated investment funds 
dated December 17, 2010, on specialized investment funds dated February 13, 2007, on securitization 
companies dated March 22, 2004, as amended, and on reserved alternative investment funds dated 
July 23, 2016, as regards entities which are subject to the specialized investment funds Luxembourg tax 
regime.  
Taxation of Individual Holders  
Resident individuals  
Holders of Securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income 
tax on a repayment of principal.  
An individual holder of Securities managing their private wealth, who is a resident of Luxembourg for 
tax purposes, is subject to income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption 
premium received or issue discount realized on the Securities, except where (i) such interest has been 
subject to withholding tax under the law of December 23, 2005, as amended, or (ii) the individual 
holder of the Securities has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full discharge of income tax in 
accordance with the law of December 23, 2005, as amended, which applies if a payment of interest has 
been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), 
or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than a EU Member State).  
Under Luxembourg tax laws, a gain realized by an individual holder of Securities managing their 
private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, on the sale or disposal of the 
Securities is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place at least 
six months after the acquisition of the Securities. An individual holder of Securities, managing their 
private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, has to further include the portion 
of their gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income in respect of the Securities in their 
taxable income, except where such interest has been subject to withholding tax under the law of 
December 23, 2005, as amended.  
Gains realized upon the sale or disposal of the Securities by an individual holder of their Securities, 
managing a professional or business undertaking, who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or 
who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities 
are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income tax. There is no wealth tax for individuals.  
An individual holder of Securities managing a professional or business undertaking must include this 
interest in their taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the law of December 23, 
2005, as amended, will be credited against their final tax liability.  
Non-resident individuals  
A non-resident holder of Securities, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative 
in Luxembourg to which/whom such Securities are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income 
tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premium received or issue discount realized on the 
notes or gains realized on the sale or disposal of the Securities.  
Indirect Taxes  
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Securities will give rise 
to any Luxembourg registration tax or similar taxes.  
Inheritance and gift taxes  
Under present Luxembourg tax laws, in the case where a holder of Securities is a resident for tax 
purposes of Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Securities are included in his taxable estate for

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
inheritance tax purposes and gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of notes if a deed is registered in 
Luxembourg.  
No stamp duty  
A fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of a document linked to the 
Securities in Luxembourg in the case where such document is physically attached to a public deed or to 
any other document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of such 
document on a voluntary basis. 
4. 
SPAIN 
The following discussion is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. 
It is based on the laws presently in force in Spain, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be 
construed to be, legal or tax advice. This section does not constitute a complete description of all the 
tax issues that may be relevant in making the decision to invest in the Securities or of all the tax 
consequences that may derive from the subscription, acquisition, holding, transfer, redemption or 
reimbursement of the Securities and does not purport to describe the tax consequences applicable to 
categories of investors subject to special tax rules. Prospective investors in the Securities should 
therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, regional or local law in 
Spain, to which they may be subject.  
Individuals with Tax Residence in Spain 
Certificates 
Personal Income Tax 
Personal Income Tax is levied on an annual basis on the worldwide income obtained by Spanish 
resident individuals, whatever the source is and wherever the relevant payer is established. Therefore 
any income that Spanish holders of the Certificates may receive under the Certificates will be subject to 
Spanish taxation. 
Both interest periodically received and income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of 
the Certificates obtained by individuals who are tax resident in Spain will be regarded as financial 
income for tax purposes (i.e. a return on investment derived from the transfer of own capital to third 
parties), regardless of whether is in kind or in cash. 
Both types of income will be included in the savings part of the taxable income subject to Personal 
Income Tax and will be taxed at the following tax rates: (i) for financial income up to €6,000: 19 per 
cent.; (ii) for financial income from €6,000.01 to €50,000: 21 per cent.; (iii) for any amount in excess 
of €50,000: 23 per cent.. 
Spanish holders of the Certificates shall compute the gross interest obtained in the savings part of the 
taxable base of the tax period in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any. 
Income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the Certificates will be calculated as 
the difference between: (a) their disposal, redemption or reimbursement value; and (b) their acquisition 
or subscription value. Costs and expenses effectively borne by the holder on the acquisition and 
transfer of the Certificates may be taken into account for calculating the relevant taxable income, 
provided that they can be duly justified. 
Likewise, expenses relating to the management and deposit of the Certificates, if any, will be tax 
deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management.

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
Losses that may derive from the transfer of the Certificates cannot be offset if the investor acquires 
homogeneous Certificates within the two-month period prior or subsequent to the transfer of the 
Certificates, until he/she transfers such homogeneous Certificates. 
Additionally, tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of 
taxes paid outside Spain on income deriving from the Certificates, if any. 
Wealth Tax 
Individuals with tax residence in Spain are subject to the Spanish Wealth Tax on all their assets (such 
as the Certificates) in tax year 2020. The potential Wealth Tax liability should be analysed in 
connection with local regulations of each Spanish Region, provided some of them foresee full 
exemption of Wealth Tax. Wealth Tax is levied on the net worth of an individual's assets and rights. 
The marginal rates range between 0.2 per cent. and 3.75 per cent. and some reductions could apply. 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who are under the obligation to pay Wealth Tax must take into 
account the value of the Certificates which they hold as at 31 December each year, when calculating 
their Wealth Tax liabilities. 
As regards the application of Spanish Wealth Tax in tax year 2020 and onwards, prospective investors 
should confirm with their tax advisors.  
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Inheritance and Gift Tax is levied on individuals' heirs and donees resident in Spain for tax purposes. It 
is calculated taking into account several circumstances, such as the age and previous net worth of the 
heir or donee and the kinship with the deceased person or donor. The applicable tax rate currently 
ranges between 7.65 and 34 per cent. depending on the particular circumstances, although the final tax 
payable may increase up to 81.6 per cent. This is nevertheless subject to the specific rules passed by the 
relevant Spanish regions with respect to this tax. 
Warrants 
Personal Income Tax 
The premium or amount paid for the subscription of the Warrants would not be considered as a 
deductible expense, but as the acquisition value, which would include the expenses and commissions, 
inherent to the acquisition, paid by the acquirer. 
Income obtained by the holders of the Warrants covered by this Prospectus on their transfer before the 
Expiration Date, will be considered as capital gains or losses in accordance with the provisions of the 
Spanish Personal Income Tax Law. The gain or loss shall be calculated as a difference between the 
transfer value, once any expenses and commissions paid by the taxpayer have been deducted, and the 
acquisition value, as defined above. 
Upon the exercise of the Warrants, income obtained would be considered as a capital gain or loss, 
which will be calculated as the difference between (i) the Settlement Price or the value of the Physical 
Delivery Securities, once any expenses and commissions paid by the taxpayer have been deducted, and 
(ii) the acquisition value, as defined above. 
Failure to exercise any Warrants on the Expiration Date would give rise to a capital loss on the 
acquisition value. 
Income derived from the transfer or exercise of the Warrants will be included in the savings part of the 
taxable income generally subject to Personal Income Tax at the following tax rates: (i) for financial 
income up to €6,000: 19 per cent.; (ii) for financial income from €6,000.01 to €50,000: 21 per cent.; 
and (iii) for any amount in excess of €50,000: 23 per cent..

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
Wealth Tax 
Individuals with tax residence in Spain are subject to the Spanish Wealth Tax on all their assets (such 
as the Warrants) in tax year 2020. The potential Wealth Tax liability should be analysed in connection 
with local regulations of each Spanish Region, provided some of them foresee full exemption of 
Wealth Tax. Wealth Tax is levied on the net worth of an individual's assets and rights. The marginal 
rates range between 0.2 per cent. and 3.75 per cent. and some reductions could apply. Individuals with 
tax residency in Spain who are under the obligation to pay Wealth Tax must take into account the value 
of the Warrants which they hold as at 31 December each year, when calculating their Wealth Tax 
liabilities. 
As regards the application of Spanish Wealth Tax in tax year 2020 and onwards, prospective investors 
should confirm with their tax advisors.  
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Inheritance and Gift Tax is levied on individuals' heirs and donees resident in Spain for tax purposes. It 
is calculated taking into account several circumstances, such as the age and previous net worth of the 
heir or donee and the kinship with the deceased person or donor. The applicable tax rate currently 
ranges between 7.65 and 34 per cent. depending on the particular circumstances, although the final tax 
payable may increase up to 81.6 per cent. This is nevertheless subject to the specific rules passed by the 
relevant Spanish regions with respect to this tax. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residence in Spain 
Certificates 
Corporate Income Tax 
Both interest periodically received and income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of 
the Certificates obtained by entities which are resident for tax purposes in Spain shall be computed as 
taxable income of the tax period in which they accrue.  
The general tax rate for limited liability companies is 25 per cent. Special rates apply in respect of 
certain types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment institutions or credit entities). 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of taxes paid 
outside Spain on income deriving from the Securities, if any. 
Warrants 
As a general rule, income obtained either through the transfer or the exercise of the Warrants and 
obtained by taxpayers subject to Corporate Income Tax will be included in their taxable income under 
the general provisions described for Certificates. 
Individuals and legal entities with no Tax Residence in Spain 
Certificates 
A non-resident holder of Certificates, who has a permanent establishment in Spain to which such 
Certificates are effectively connected with, is subject to Spanish Non-Residents' Income Tax on any 
income under the Certificates, including both interest periodically received and income arising on the 
disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the Certificates. In general terms, the tax rules applicable to 
individuals and legal entities with no tax residence in Spain but acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain are the same as those applicable to Corporate Income taxpayers (explained 
above).

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
Warrants 
As a general rule, income obtained by a permanent establishment located in Spain of a non-resident 
would be subject to taxation in a similar way than that applicable to Spanish tax resident corporate 
income taxpayers. 
Spanish withholding tax 
Where a financial institution (either resident in Spain or acting through a permanent establishment in 
Spain) acts as depositary of the Certificates or intervenes as manager in the collection of any income 
under the Certificates, such financial institution will be responsible for making the relevant withholding 
on account of Spanish tax on any income deriving from the Certificates (income from Warrants will 
always be not subject to withholding tax in Spain). Currently, the withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 
per cent.. 
Amounts withheld in Spain, if any, can be credited against the final Spanish Personal Income Tax 
liability, in the case of Spanish tax resident individuals, or against final Spanish Corporate Income Tax 
liability, in the case of Spanish corporate, or against final Non-Residents' Income Tax, in the case of a 
Spanish permanent establishment of a non-resident holder of the Certificates. However, holders of the 
Certificates who are Corporate Income Taxpayers or Non-Residents' Income Taxpayers acting through 
a permanent establishment in Spain to which the Certificates are effectively connected with can benefit 
from a withholding tax exemption when the Certificates are listed in an OECD official stock exchange. 
This will be the case as the Certificates are expected to trade on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Regulated Market. 
Furthermore, such financial institution may become obliged to comply with the formalities set out in 
the Regulations on Spanish Personal Income Tax (Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March) and Corporate 
Income Tax (Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July) when intervening in the transfer or reimbursement of 
the Certificates. 
Indirect taxation 
The acquisition, transfer, redemption, reimbursement and exchange of the Securities will be subject to 
and exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty as well as Value Added Tax. 
The exemption applicable for Value Added Tax purposes would not cover deposit and management 
services related to the Securities. 
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized financial 
transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the Securities. 
Additionally, on 18 February 2020 the Spanish Government approved the referral to the Spanish 
Congress of the Bill creating the Financial Transaction Tax. The legislative procedure is currently in 
amendment phase. 
For further information about the EU Financial Transaction Tax please refer to the following paragraph 
24. 
5. 
SLOVAK REPUBLIC 
The purpose of the overview below is to provide a general overview of the relevant Slovak tax rules 
based on the laws in force in Slovakia as of the date of this Prospectus. It does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all tax implications that might be relevant to an investment decision. 
Please note that Investors in the securities should consult with their professional advisers particular 
circumstances which should be examined and considered in detail.

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
Income tax 
Residents  
Individuals, who are residents in Slovakia, are subject to unlimited income tax liability on their world-
wide income (i.e. income from domestic and foreign sources). An individual is resident in Slovakia if 
he/she has his/her domicile (a registered permanent stay), residence or habitual place of abode (a 
physical presence for more than 183 days in a calendar year) in Slovakia. Residence shall mean (in the 
context of the double-taxation treaties) the possibility of accommodation, which is permanently 
available to physical person, other than occasional accommodation for the purposes of business travels, 
tourism, recreation, etc., while an intention of physical person to permanently reside in the state with 
respect to his/her personal and economic ties is obvious. Corporations having their registered office 
and/or their place of effective management in the territory of Slovakia are subject to corporate income 
tax in Slovakia on their world-wide income (i.e. income from domestic and foreign sources). 
Non-residents (both individuals and corporations) are subject to income tax only on income from the 
sources in Slovakia. Both in case of residents and non-residents Slovakia's right to tax may be restricted 
by a relevant double taxation treaty. 
Interests 
In general, the interest income earned from the securities is subject to a withholding tax of 19%. The 
exception are interests paid to states (i) with which Slovakia has not concluded a treaty on avoidance of 
double taxation or on mutual exchange of information in tax matters, or (ii) which are included in the 
EU list of non-cooperative countries, or do not apply (or have zero tax rate of) the corporate income tax 
(“listed jurisdictions”), for which a tax rate of 35% shall be applied. Revenues (incomes) from bonds 
and treasury bills sourced in Slovakia and paid to an individual are taxed by a withholding tax except 
for the revenues from state bonds and state treasury bills. In case of interest income with source outside 
of Slovakia, such interest income received by an individual shall be included in the special tax base and 
reported in annual personal income tax return. With respect to corporations, the interest income shall be 
included in the general tax base and declared in annual corporate income tax return. The withholding 
tax shall also be withheld from the income paid to companies which are not established for business 
purposes and to the National Bank of Slovakia. 
The tax is to be withheld by a paying entity at the moment of payment. The paying entity is obliged to 
pay the tax withheld to tax authority within 15 days following the end of month in which the income 
payment was carried out and within the same deadline submit an announcement report. The tax 
withheld could have an effect of a final taxation or, under the stipulated conditions, the taxpayer could 
offset it against the tax due in the same fiscal period.  
Individual investors 
In case the income from interest on the securities originates from sources abroad to an individual, it 
shall be included in the special tax base. The tax rate for individuals will be at the level of 19% of the 
special tax base. 
However, it is necessary to review the respective Double Taxation Avoidance Treaty concluded 
between Slovakia and another country in which the securities are generated, whether Slovakia has a 
right for the taxation of these securities. 
Corporations 
In general, a corporation shall include the interest received in its general corporate income tax base, 
which is taxable at a tax rate of 21%, if the income of the legal entity for the taxation period exceeds 
100,000 EUR or 15%, if the income of the legal entity for the taxation period does not exceed 49,790 
EUR (effective for taxable periods commencing on or after 1 January 2021).

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
Capital gains – Income from sale of the securities 
Income from sale of securities originating from a source abroad is subject to (personal/corporate) 
income tax in Slovakia if the recipient is a Slovak tax resident. Such income should be included in the 
taxpayer's income tax base (no withholding tax shall be applied). Individual investor´s capital gains 
from sale of the securities are subject to personal income tax at a rate of 19% or 25% depending on the 
amount of this income. The income not exceeding the amount of EUR 37,981.94 (valid for year 2021) 
is taxed by 19% tax rate, the amount exceeding the cap for 19% is taxed by a higher 25% tax rate 
(progressive tax rate). Provided that certain conditions are met this kind of personal income may be 
exempt from the tax. More details on potential exemption can be found in the text below.  
Capital gains from sale of the securities are included in the corporate income tax base and taxed at tax 
rate of 21% if the income of the legal entity for the taxation period exceeds 49,790 EUR or 15%, if the 
income of the legal entity for the taxation period does not exceed 49,790 EUR. 
When considering the taxation of sale of the securities the source of which is e.g. in Italy and are paid 
to a Slovak tax resident, the provisions of the existing double taxation treaty between Italy and Slovakia 
should be taken into consideration. Under the provisions of this double taxation treaty capital gains 
from sale of such securities are in general taxable only in Slovakia, i.e. the country of tax domicile. The 
income tax is levied as follows: 
 
Individual investors (private and business investors) 
The tax base shall be equal to the taxable income less any expenses, which may be documented as 
having been incurred in order to generate the income. Expenses that can be deducted are the purchase 
price proven to be paid for the securities, or when there is no purchase (i.e. free of charge - donation, 
inheritance) then the price for the securities determined at the time when the securities were acquired, 
and the expenses related to the acquisition or purchase of the securities. 
The capital gains from the sale of the securities will be exempt from Slovak personal income tax if the 
aggregate of the tax base related to the "other income" category (i.e. debentures, shares, bills of 
exchange etc.) does not exceed the flat amount of EUR 500. The same limit for exemption relates to 
rental income, income from transfer of options and income from transfer of ownership interest in a 
company. Thus, the exemption of EUR 500 shall be applied to the aggregate of all afore mentioned 
incomes (“the other income”, rental income, transfer of options and of ownership interests in a 
company). If the above mentioned limit is exceeded, only the excess amount is included in the tax base. 
Further, the income from sale of the securities accepted for trading on a regulated market or a similar 
foreign regulated market shall be exempt from tax and that after one year from their acquisition, if the 
period between their admission to a regulated market or to a similar foreign regulated market and their 
sale exceeds one year. Such income from sale of the securities is not exempt from tax if the securities 
were included into business assets of the taxpayer. 
From the tax shall be exempt also the income from sale of securities, options and income from 
derivative transactions derived from long-term investment savings after fulfilment of conditions set 
(determined) in the special act including income paid after 15 years from the beginning of long-term 
investment savings. Such income from sale is not exempt from tax if such securities, options and 
income from the derivative transactions were included into business assets of the taxpayer. 
A loss from sale of securities shall not be offset against gains from sale of securities in the same fiscal 
period - only the expenses up to the amount of income shall be considered upon the calculation of the 
tax base. 
Under the specific conditions stated below, the full loss incurred may be considered as a tax deductible 
expense, these are:  
i. 
bonds, the selling price of which is not lower by more than the interest accrued on the bonds 
and included in the tax base prior to the date of sale or the date of maturity of the bond; and 
ii. 
for taxable persons who engage in trading with securities pursuant to special legislation, and 
which may deduct the expense of the acquisition of the securities up to the amount posted as 
their cost. 
Corporations

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
In Slovakia, there is no difference in taxation of the capital gains of the individual investors holding 
securities as a business asset and corporations, therefore the section above applies to the corporations 
as well. 
According to the Slovak Income Tax Act, in case a loss generated from the sale of securities shall not 
be offset against gains from sale of securities in the same fiscal period - only the expenses up to the 
amount of income shall be considered upon the calculation of the tax base. 
Under the specific conditions stated below, the loss incurred is entirely accepted as a tax deductible 
expense:  
(i) 
bonds, the selling price of which is not lower by more than the interest accrued on the bonds 
and included in the tax base prior to the date of sale or the date of maturity of the bond; and 
(ii) 
for taxable persons who engage in trading with securities pursuant to special legislation, and 
which may deduct the expense of the acquisition of the securities up to the amount posted as 
their cost. 
Non-residents 
Interests 
Non-residents (both individuals and corporations) are taxed only on their Slovak-source income. The 
interest income earned from securities paid out by a Slovak tax resident or a permanent establishment 
of a Slovak tax non-resident to a Slovak tax non-resident are taxed at the domestic withholding tax rate 
of 19% (35% in case of residents in listed jurisdictions within the meaning as per above) unless such 
rate is reduced by a double taxation treaty or exempt under the EU Interest and Royalties Directive. 
The responsibility for withholding of the tax at source is vested with the Slovak tax resident or a 
permanent establishment of a Slovak tax non-resident making the relevant payment. 
EU Savings Directive  
The Slovak Republic has implemented the Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 
amending Directive 2011/16/EU, which is dealing with mandatory automatic exchange of information 
in the field of taxation into the Slovak act on international assistance and cooperation in tax 
administration and into Slovak act on automatic exchange of information regarding to financial 
accounts for the purpose of tax administration. This council directive has replaced the previous Council 
Directive 2003/48/EC (Saving Directive) in the field of exchange of information.  
Interest income subject to the automatic exchange of information constitutes, inter alia, income 
incurred from participation certificates, bonds, certificates of deposit, treasury bills and other securities 
of similar characteristics during the holding of such a financial instrument or income accrued at the 
sale, refund or redemption of the financial instrument.  
Withholding tax in relation to securities 
Provided that (i) the securities shall be issued outside the Slovak Republic, (ii) the Issuer shall be a 
Slovak tax non-resident and (iii) all payments in relation to securities shall be executed by the Issuer or 
by the entity executing such payments on behalf of the Issuer, any income earned from the securities 
shall be qualified as the income having a source outside the Slovakia and as such shall not be subject to 
withholding tax in Slovakia. 
Capital gains – Income from sale of the securities 
The capital gains realised by a Slovak tax non-resident on sale of the securities issued by a foreign 
entity are not treated as a Slovak-source income (i.e. it is not subject to tax in Slovakia). In general, 
only the capital gains realised by Slovak tax non-residents on the sale of securities issued by tax payers 
having their seat in Slovakia, shall be taxed in Slovakia under local tax law except of the revenues from 
the state bonds and state treasury bills.

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
Dividends 
The tax treatment of and related health insurance obligations arising on dividend income differ with 
respect to taxable period in which the profit was generated from which the dividends shall be 
distributed. The treatment is determined irrespective of whether the actual dividend payment occurs in 
2017 or later. The dividend income derived from profit achieved in taxable periods up to 2003 is 
subject to income tax in Slovakia. Dividends distributed from profit achieved in periods between 2011 
and 2012 shall not be subject to tax, however in the case that these dividends are paid to individuals, 
they are subject to 10 % health insurance obligation. Dividends from profits of 2013 to 2016 also shall 
not be subject to tax, but the health insurance obligation of 14% arises. Dividends paid to the 
individuals from profits generated commencing on or after 1 January 2017 shall be subject to income 
tax at a rate of 7%, however there is no obligation to pay health insurance on such income. 
 
Nevertheless, the fact whether Slovakia is entitled to tax dividend income shall be analysed thoroughly 
with regards to provisions of double taxation treaty concluded between Slovakia and the other state. It 
may be that the relevant treaty includes a cap as to the amount of tax that may be charged by either 
state. 
 
Shall an individual or a business entity who are considered as tax residents of Slovakia, receive 
dividend income from listed jurisdictions within the meaning as per above, the applicable tax rate 
amounts to 35%.  
 
As to business entities, with the exception of the above mentioned listed jurisdictions, dividend income 
shall be exempt from tax provided that the dividend paying entity does not treat it as a tax deductible 
expense.  
 
The Slovak health insurance contributions received from the dividends are applicable only to 
individuals who participate obligatory in the Slovak health insurance system and do not have any 
confirmation on participation in another foreign obligatory health insurance system, e.g. in a form of an 
A1 form. The amount of health insurance contribution is capped by a so-called maximum calculation 
base (“maximálny vymeriavací základ”) for the amount of income on which the contributions shall be 
paid. The maximum limit set for income received in 2021 amounts to EUR 65,520. The limit 
effectively applies to the aggregate of all income taxable in Slovakia (irrespective whether the income 
source is dividends or dependent activity).  
Other taxes 
There is no inheritance tax, gift tax, ownership tax or transfer tax in the Slovak Republic. 
However, if securities are donated by an employer to a Slovak tax resident who is an employee, or if 
securities are donated to a Slovak tax resident who is self-employed and these securities are donated in 
connection with the carrying out of this self-employment, the value of the gift is subject to Slovak 
income tax and related health insurance contributions. The value of gift is also subject to the Slovak 
social insurance contributions since the assessment base for social insurance purposes generally follows 
the tax base of the individual (employee or self-employed person), although some exemptions may 
apply. 
6. 
HUNGARY 
The following discussion is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. 
It is based on the laws presently in force in Hungary and as applied on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may be subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. It is not 
intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice, therefore should be treated with 
appropriate caution. This is a general discussion and does not constitute a complete description of all 
the tax issues that may be relevant in making the decision to invest in Securities in Hungary. 
Prospective investors in the Securities who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their 
own professional advisers.

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
Taxation of resident private individuals 
Personal Income Tax 
Resident private individuals shall be subject to tax liability in respect of all their income (all-inclusive 
tax liability). 
Income from interest 
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of individual holders, interest 
income (Interest Income) - among others - is the income paid as interest and the capital gains realised 
upon the redemption or the sale of publicly offered and publicly traded debt Securities (with the 
exception of the sale of collective investment securities on the Hungarian stock market or the stock 
market of any EEA or OECD state). The term “debt securities” is defined in Act CXX of 2001 on the 
Capital Market. Generally, securities which do not pertain to the category of securities representing 
membership rights, should be treated as debt securities, therefore, income deriving from the Securities 
may qualify as income deriving from debt securities from personal income tax perspective. Securities 
listed on a regulated market of an EEA member state are considered publicly offered and traded 
securities. The Interest Income is subject to personal income tax of 15 per cent, which will be withheld 
by the Payor (kifizető) (for the definition of Payor please see below). In the absence of a Payor, the 
individual is obliged to assess, report and pay the tax on Interest Income. 
The proceeds paid on privately placed Securities which are not listed on a regulated market of an EEA 
member state are considered as other income (Other Income) which is taxable at a rate up of 15 per 
cent and may be subject to uncapped social tax of 17.5 per cent, as well.  
The capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of such securities is considered, as a general rule, 
capital gains income (Capital Gains Income). The tax rate applicable to Capital Gains Income is 15 
per cent, while the rate of social tax payable on the basis of Capital Gains Income realised by 
Hungarian resident individuals is 17.5 per cent. For this purpose, the aggregate annual upper threshold 
of the social tax amount is 17.5 per cent of 24 times the all-time effective minimum wage in Hungary 
(which means HUF 676,200 annual social tax cap calculated based on the 2020 minimum wage amount 
effective in Hungary).  
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement upon the 
Payor (for the definition of Payor please see below) to withhold tax on the interest payments to 
individual holders. In certain circumstances, Act LII of 2018 on Social Tax also imposes a requirement 
on the Payor to withhold social tax on payments provided to private individuals which are subject to 
social tax. 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation the definition of a Payor covers a Hungarian 
resident legal person, other organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) provides taxable income, 
irrespective of whether such payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit 
institution). In respect of interest, Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, 
including the investment service provider or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In 
respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with the involvement of a licensed 
stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. In respect of income that is earned in a foreign 
country and taxable in Hungary, Payor shall mean the "paying agent" (megbízott) (legal person, 
organisation or private entrepreneur) having tax residency in Hungary, except in cases where the role 
of a financial institution is limited to performing the bank transfer or payment. 
In addition, for personal income tax purposes Payor means the Hungarian resident credit institution 
agent which provides taxable income in connection with the service provision of the foreign 
person/entity performed in Hungary.

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
Personal Income Tax Rate  
In Hungary the personal income tax rate is 15 per cent. 
Withholding tax 
As long as the income from the transaction - according to the tax regulations of the payer’s country 
legislation – is considered as dividends, it may be limitedly taxable by the Issuer or by the entity 
performing the payments related to the Securities on behalf of the Issuer. The rate of withholding tax 
determined in the domestic law of Luxembourg shall be moderated based on the double taxation treaty 
between Luxembourg and Hungary to 10%. Moreover, the tax paid in Luxembourg shall also be 
credited into the tax payable in Hungary. Generally, in the case of any other type of income, the 
withholding tax should not be levied (0%) by the Issuer or by the entity performing the payments 
related to the Securities on behalf of the Issuer.  
Taxation of resident entities  
Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax 
The tax liability of resident taxpayers shall apply to their income from Hungary and from abroad, both 
(total tax liability). In general, resident entities are those established under the laws of Hungary (i.e. 
having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place of management in Hungary are 
also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. 
In general, the interest and capital gain realized on the transactions with Securities by resident entities 
will be the part of their pre-tax profit/loss and will be taxable in the same way as the income from the 
regular operation where pre-tax profit, adjusted with the tax base modifying items shall represent the 
corporate tax base. 
The corporate tax rate is 9 per cent. (flat rate) of the positive tax base. 
Duties and Local Business Tax for resident taxpayers (individual and corporate) 
The Securities should be classified as movable tangible properties in respect of duties. In case of 
inheritance, gifting or quid pro quo transfer of property of Securities in certain cases it is necessary to 
count with the occurrence of duty paying liability. The general rate of inheritance and gift duty is 18 
per cent. of the net worth of the inheritance or gifts received by any one heir, legatee or donee. The 
general rate of duty on the quid pro quo transfer of property is 4 per cent. 
The proceeds received on Securities held by credit institutions, financial enterprises, insurance 
companies or investment firms can be subject to local business tax. Generally, in case of other 
taxpayers, the proceeds realized from similar transactions is not part of the local business tax base. 
Withholding tax 
The legislation of withholding tax for resident entities is similar to resident private individuals, and it is 
regulated in the double taxation treaty. 
Taxation of non-resident private individuals 
Personal Income Tax 
Non-resident private individual shall mean all natural persons other than resident private individuals. 
The tax liability of non-resident private individuals shall apply to income that originates in Hungary as 
the place of gainful activity or is taxable in Hungary by virtue of international agreement or reciprocity 
(limited tax liability).

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
Generally, Interest Income should be treated as having a Hungarian source - among others - where the 
relevant issuer is resident in Hungary for tax purposes. As in the present case the Issuer of the 
Securities should not be considered as an entity resident in Hungary for tax purposes, the Interest 
Income should not be regarded as having a Hungarian source.  
Please note that the provisions of applicable double tax conventions, if any, should also be considered 
when assessing the Hungarian tax liabilities of a foreign resident individual holder. 
Taxation of non-resident entities  
Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax 
Foreign nationals shall be deemed taxpayers, as well as non-resident entities whose head office is 
located abroad if they (a) carry out business operations via a permanent establishment in Hungary, 
provided that they are not considered resident taxpayers due to the location of their head office (non-
resident entrepreneurs) or (b) obtain any income through the transfer or withdrawal of participating 
interest in a company with real estate holdings (member of a company with real estate holdings). 
The tax liability of non-resident entrepreneurs shall apply to their income attributable to the Hungarian 
permanent establishment (limited tax liability). 
When establishing the corporate tax, resident taxpayers and non-resident entrepreneurs shall adjust the 
tax base so that it contains no income that is subject to taxation abroad, if so prescribed by international 
treaty. In other cases, resident taxpayers and non-resident entrepreneurs may deduct from the corporate 
tax any tax paid (or payable) abroad that is equivalent to corporate tax. 
Duties for non-resident tax payers 
In general, the rules of duties for the non-resident individuals and entities are the same. 
The rules of inheritance duty should be applied to all heritage located in Hungary. The same provisions 
should be applied to the movable tangible properties (e.g. Securities) inherited by a Hungarian citizen 
or a non-Hungarian citizen residing in Hungary or a legal entity established in Hungary, where the 
heritage is situated abroad if no inheritance duty or tax corresponding thereto is payable in the state in 
which such heritage is situated. 
The provisions governing duties on gifts and transfer for consideration of property shall apply to 
moveable tangible properties (e.g. the Securities), unless otherwise provided for by an international 
agreement. 
If the transfer of movable tangible property took place in Hungary, the owner of that movable tangible 
property should calculate with the duty paying liability, in line with the general rules mentioned 
regarding resident private individuals. 
7. 
SLOVENIA 
The following is a general description of certain Slovenian tax considerations relating to the Securities, 
based on the Issuer's understanding of the current law and its practice in Slovenia. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all relevant tax considerations. Furthermore, it only relates to the position 
of investors who are beneficial owners of the Securities and the interest and may not apply to certain 
classes of investors. Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax 
laws of the Republic of Slovenia of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Securities and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities. This overview is based upon 
the law as in effect on the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take 
effect after such date.

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
1. Taxation of individuals 
Residents and non-residents 
In accordance with the Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini; ZDoh-2), an individual is 
deemed to be a resident of Slovenia if his registered permanent address, habitual place or the centre of 
his personal and economic interests is in Slovenia. In addition, any person who has been present in 
Slovenia in a tax year for more than 183 days in the aggregate is deemed to be a resident in the tax 
year. Resident individuals are subject to income tax on their worldwide income. In general, all income, 
profits and gains are taxable, unless specifically exempt by law. 
In accordance with the Personal Income Tax Act, non-residents are subject to tax on income derived 
from a source in Slovenia. Withholding tax is generally levied at a rate of 25%. Source taxation may be 
obviated or reduced pursuant to the terms of an applicable double taxation treaty, with the holder 
applying for a refund with the Slovenian tax authorities providing proof of eligibility. 
Taxation of financial derivatives 
Under the Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini; ZDoh-2), capital gains from the sale or other 
disposition of debt securities and other financial derivatives held as non-business assets are in general 
exempt from taxation. Capital gains derived from the alienation of financial derivatives (as defined in 
the Article 7 of the Financial Instruments Market Act (Zakon o trgu finančnih instrumentov; ZTFI-1) 
and debt securities (except for coupon debt securities and discount debt securities) by a resident 
individual are taxed at the rate of 40% (in the first 12 months of holding) and 27.5% (in the following 4 
years of holding) according to the Act on the Taxation of Profits from the Disposal of Derivatives 
(Zakon o davku od dobička od odsvojitve izvedenih finančnih instrumentov; ZDDOIFI). The tax rate is 
further reduced by 7.5 percentage points for the next 5 years of holding, so that the rate of 20% applies 
after 5th year of holding, and further by 5 percentage points for each following 5 years of holding so 
that 15% and 10% tax rate applies after the 10th and 15th year of holding, respectively. After the 20th 
year of holding 0% tax rate applies. Tax return must be filed by Slovenian tax resident (Individual) 
until 28th February for previous year. Slovenian tax residents are taxed based on the principle of 
worldwide income; any income - deriving from Slovenia or abroad - is subject to taxation. If 
withholding tax paid abroad, the credit may not exceed the lower of the following: a) the tax actually 
paid on the foreign-source income (according to the tax treaty, if applicable); and b) the tax payable on 
such income in Slovenia which would apply in the absence of the credit relief. 
Taxation of interest 
Under the Slovenian tax laws currently in effect, the payment of interest on the debt securities (as 
defined in the Article 81 of the Slovenian Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini; ZDoh-2) in 
accordance with their terms and conditions to a resident individual (within the meaning of the relevant 
provisions of ZDoh-2) will generally be subject to tax at a flat rate of 25%. (levied by way of 
withholding or by way of assessment), provided that these qualify as non-business assets. Income from 
a disposal or repurchase by the issuer of discounted debt securities (including non-coupon debt 
securities) shall also be considered as interest income (in accordance with the Article 88 of ZDoh-2). 
Tax return must be filed by Slovenian tax resident (Individual) until the 28th of February for previous 
year. 
Pursuant to the Article 54 of ZDoh-2 interest on Securities issued in series held by a resident individual 
as business assets will generally qualify as non-business income, in which case it would be subject to 
the flat rate of 25% as described above, instead of the progressive tax rate of up to 50%, which 
generally applies to business income. 
Taxation of dividends and capital gains 
Dividends and other profit distributions are taxed by way of a 27.5% final withholding tax.

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
In general, individuals are subject to income tax on their capital gains if derived from the disposal of 
immovable property, shares and other participation rights, investment coupons etc. Taxable capital 
gains are generally taxed at a 27.5% final tax rate. After five years of holding, capital gains are taxed at 
a 20% final tax rate. The rate is later reduced by five percentage points per each five years of holding. 
Consequently, any gains are exempt after a 20 year-holding. Capital gains derived from the alienation 
of financial derivatives are not taxed according to this rule but are taxed only as described previously 
under Taxation of financial derivatives. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Individuals and private law entities (within the meaning of the Article 3 of the Slovenian Inheritance 
and Gift Tax Act (Zakon o davku na dediščine in darila; ZDDD) are subject to Slovenian inheritance 
and gift tax in case of a transfer of the Securities mortis causa or inter vivos. The rate of such tax 
depends upon the value of the assets transferred and upon the relationship between the deceased/the 
donor on the one hand and the heir/the donee on the other hand. An exemption may apply in certain 
cases, such as to transfers between direct descendants and between spouses, as well as to a transfer of 
movable property the total value of which does not exceed EUR 5,000. 
Withholding tax 
Withholding tax must be withheld at source and deducted from payments of interest, dividends, 
royalties, and other incomes if such taxable income is paid by local tax payer. In other cases, tax return 
must be filed by individual upon receipt of such income. 
EU Savings Directive 
EU Savings Directive has been incorporated in sub-chapter 10 of chapter 1 of part five of Slovenian 
Tax Procedure Act (Zakon o davčnem postopku; ZDavP-2) and has come into force on 1st July 2005. 
However, since then the Directive (EU) 2015/2060 repealing the EU Savings Directive has come into 
force and these provisions have been stricken and the directive has also been implemented in chapter II 
of part four of Slovenian Tax Procedure Act. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph below, headed EU Savings Directive. 
No gross-up for taxes withheld 
Purchasers of the Securities should note that neither the Issuer nor any other person will assume any 
liability for taxes withheld from payments under the Securities, nor make any additional payments in 
regard of these taxes, i.e. no gross-up will apply if a withholding tax is imposed. 
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized financial 
transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the Securities. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph below, headed The proposed financial 
transactions tax. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or such duties will be payable in Slovenia in connection with the 
issuance, delivery or execution of the Securities. Currently, net assets tax is not levied in Slovenia. 
2. Taxation of corporations 
Under the Slovenian tax laws currently in effect, the payment of interest on the Securities in accordance 
with their terms and conditions within the meaning of the relevant provisions of the Slovenian

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
Corporate Income Tax Act (Zakon o davku od dohodkov pravnih oseb; ZDDPO-2) received by (i) a 
legal person resident for tax purposes in the Republic of Slovenia; or by (ii) a permanent establishment 
(poslovna enota) in the Republic of Slovenia of a legal person not resident for tax purposes in the 
Republic of Slovenia, is considered as a part of the overall taxable income. The Corporate Income Tax 
is levied on the net profits, defined according to the profit and loss account, as stipulated by the law and 
the Accounting Standards. The tax rate is 19% since 1.1.2017. 
Taxation of dividends 
Dividends and income similar to dividends (with the exception of certain hidden reserves) are, pursuant 
to article 24 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, exempt from the tax base of a corporate 
shareholder, if the payer of dividends is: 
- 
liable for corporate income tax in accordance with the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act; or 
 
- 
for taxation purposes, a resident of an EU Member State in accordance with the law of that 
Member State, and is in accordance with a double taxation treaty concluded with a non-EU 
Member State not considered to reside outside of the EU, and is additionally liable for one of the 
taxes for which a common system of taxation is applicable to parent companies and affiliates from 
different EU Member States, as determined by the Slovenian Minister of Finance, where a 
company which is exempt from corporate income tax or that has the option of choosing its taxation 
is not considered to be liable for payment of corporate income tax; or 
 
- 
liable for the payment of corporate income or profit tax comparable to Slovenian corporate income 
tax and is not resident of a state (or has a permanent establishment not located in a state) where the 
general or average nominal tax rate for the taxation of profit is lower than 12.5% and where this 
state is on the list published by the Slovenian Ministry of Finance and the Slovenian Tax 
Administration; whereby, this rule shall not apply to a payer who is resident of another EU 
member state, in accordance with the previous paragraph. 
The above rules are applicable to non-resident recipients of dividends if their interest in the capital or in 
the management of the company paying the dividends is connected with business activities performed 
through an establishment in Slovenia. 
The above-described exemption from the tax base of a corporate holder of the notes is applicable under 
the condition that the current or past taxation period’s revenues have been included in the corporate 
holder’s tax base, on the basis of such income. 
In accordance with article 70 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, the payer must, at the time 
of dividend payment, withhold and pay withholding tax at the rate of 15%, unless the recipient is: the 
Republic of Slovenia or a self-governing local community in Slovenia; the Bank of Slovenia; a resident 
who notifies the payer of their tax number, or a non-resident liable for the payment of corporate income 
tax deriving from their activities in or through a permanent establishment in the Republic of Slovenia 
who notifies the payer of their tax number, if the dividends are payable to such permanent 
establishment. 
In accordance with article 70 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, the tax shall not be 
calculated, withdrawn and paid if the dividends are payable to: 
- 
a resident of an EU or an EEA Member State who is liable to pay income taxes in a foreign state 
(except for income paid to the permanent establishment of a non-resident in Slovenia), if such 
entity cannot claim the withholding tax in the state of its residence (as with, for example, the 
exemption of dividends from the tax base) and the transaction is not considered to represent tax 
avoidance; or 
 
- 
foreign pension funds, investment funds and insurance companies providing pension plans, 
residents of the EU or EEA Members States (except for income paid to the permanent

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
establishment of a non-resident in Slovenia), if such entity cannot claim the withholding tax in the 
state of their residence (if, for example, such funds or insurance companies are exempt from tax 
payment or are subject to a 0% tax rate). 
 
- 
exemptions determined in the previous two points do not refer to payments made to states with 
which the exchange of information is not assured (a list of such states is published by the 
Slovenian Minister of Finance).  
Pursuant to article 71 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, tax shall not be withheld from 
payments of dividends and income similar to dividends if the entity authorised to receive a given 
payment is subject to the common system of taxation applied to parent companies and affiliate 
companies from different EU Member States, provided that: 
- 
the entity authorised to receive the payment holds at least 10% of the value or number of shares or 
interests in the share capital, nominal capital, or voting rights of the company paying the dividend; 
and 
 
- 
such minimum participation in the value or number of shares or interest in the share capital, 
nominal capital or voting rights, has been in effect for at least 24 months; and 
 
- 
the entity authorised to receive the payment is: a) a legal entity formed as an entity for which a 
common taxation system is used and which is applicable to parent companies and affiliates from 
different EU Member States, as determined by the Slovenian Minister of Finance; b) for taxation 
purposes, a resident of an EU Member State in accordance with the law of that Member State and 
is in accordance with a double taxation treaty concluded with a non-EU member state not 
considered to reside outside of the EU, and c) is liable for one of the taxes subject to the common 
system of taxation applicable to parent companies and affiliates from different EU Member States 
or, with respect to companies exempt from income tax or that may choose their taxation, is 
determined by the Slovenian Minister of Finance to be an entity subject to corporate income tax. 
Withholding tax 
Withholding tax must be withheld at source and deducted from payments of interest, dividends, 
royalties, and some other payments if such payments have source in Slovenia and are paid abroad. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or such duties will be payable in Slovenia in connection with the 
issuance, delivery or execution of the Securities. Currently, net assets tax is not levied in Slovenia. 
3. Financial Services Tax 
The subject of taxation according to Financial Services Tax Act (Zakon o davku na finančne storitve; 
ZDFS) are the following services: a) granting and negotiation of credit or loans in monetary form and 
the management of credit or loans in monetary form by the person who is granting the credit or the 
person who is granting the loan; b) issuing of credit guarantees or any other security for money and 
management of credit guarantees by the person who is granting the credit; c) transactions, including 
negotiation, concerning deposit and current or transaction accounts, payments, transfers, debts, cheques 
and other negotiable instruments; d) transactions, including negotiation, concerning currency, bank 
notes and coins used as legal tender; e) services provided by insurance brokers and agents.  
A taxable person shall be any person who provides the financial services in the territory of the Republic 
of Slovenia. It shall be deemed that a financial service referred to in Article 3 of this Act has been 
provided in the territory of Slovenia if it is provided by a person who has established his business or 
has a fixed establishment from which such financial service is provided or has his usual or permanent 
place of residence in the territory of Slovenia. It shall be also deemed that a financial service has been 
provided in the territory of Slovenia if it is provided by a person who has established his business or

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
has a place of establishment from which the service is provided or has or has his usual or permanent 
place of residence outside Slovenia, but may, in accordance with the existing legislation, provide the 
financial services in the territory of Slovenia directly to clients or recipients of services who have 
established their business or have a place of establishment or their usual or permanent place of 
residence in the territory of Slovenia. 
Applicable tax rate is 8,5% and is chargeable on the commission of a financial service. It shall be 
deemed that a financial service has been provided when a fee for the commission of the service has 
been paid. The fee referred to in the preceding paragraph shall exclude interest payable by a contractor 
of services to a taxable person for the provision of the agreed financial service when such interest does 
not constitute the payment of fees by a taxable person for the service provided. 
8. 
IRELAND 
The following is an overview of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Securities. The overview does 
not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. 
The overview is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors in the 
Securities should consult their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, 
beneficial ownership and disposition of the Securities including, in particular, the effect of any state or 
local law taxes, if applicable. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
• Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess 
of one year); 
• Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a 
period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
• Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies 
that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax;  
at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent). 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer 
operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Securities is connected, nor 
are the Securities held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent 
that payments of interest or annual payments arise on the Securities, such payments should not be 
regarded as payments having an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to 
deduct any amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with 
the Securities. 
Separately, for as long as the Securities are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the Securities 
should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in 
connection with the purchase of the Securities. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Securities paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in 
Ireland acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Securities will be subject to Irish encashment tax at

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
the standard rate of Irish tax (currently 20 per cent), unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required 
manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Securities entitled to 
the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and such interest or 
distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of another person 
that is resident in Ireland. 
9. 
CROATIA 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Croatia as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and/or entry into force of any relevant law 
occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant 
to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Securities and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Securities are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their interest in 
the Securities. 
Taxation of individuals 
Tax obligor is a natural person - income earner and heir to all tax obligations arising from income 
earned by the decedent until his death. The heir is at the same time tax obligor to income accrued from 
inherited sources of income.  
Taxable sources of income are: 
(i) income from salaried employment, 
(ii) income from self-employment, 
(iii) income from property and property rights, 
(iv) income from capital, 
(v) other income. 
Resident is a natural person whose residence or habitual abode is in the Republic of Croatia. Resident is 
also a natural person not having the place of residence or habitual abode in the Republic of Croatia and 
is employed with a governmental office of the Republic of Croatia and receives salary on that basis. 
Non-resident is a natural person not having the place of residence or habitual abode in the Republic of 
Croatia and earning income in the Republic of Croatia which is taxable according to the Croatian 
Income Tax Act. 
Taxable basis i.e. tax base: 
a. 
for a resident is the total amount of income gained from salaried employment, self-
employment, property and property rights, capital and other income gained by the resident in 
the country and abroad (world income principle) less resident's personal allowance, 
b. for a non-resident is the total amount of income from salaried employment, self-employment, 
property and property rights, capital and other income gained by the non-resident in the 
country (domicile land principle) less non-resident's personal allowance. 
With respect to income gained by non-resident natural persons in capacity of performers (artists, 
entertainers, athletes), there is no obligation to charge, withhold and pay income tax advance or income 
tax when compensation for their performances is paid to a foreign person, which is not a legal person, 
pursuant to an agreement with such foreign person, i.e. such compensation is taxable according to 
withholding tax provisions.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
Income from capital are deemed receipts from interests, withdrawals of assets and use of services 
charged against income of the current period, capital gains and shares in profit realised from allocation 
or option purchase of treasury shares, which are realised in the tax period, including dividends and 
shares in profit on the basis of shares in capital. 
Croatian Income Tax Act provides a wide list of earnings from interests being subject to taxation (at 
applicable rate as provided for in the Croatian Income Tax Act), including those realized under a) 
interests payable on securities (vrijednosni papiri), b) interest on HRK and foreign savings, c) interests 
realized on the basis of granted loans and facilities and d) revenues realized based on division of 
income of an investment fund in form of interest, if they are not taxed as profit shares on the basis of 
distribution of profit or income of an investment fund. However, the Croatian Income Tax Act provides 
for explicit statutory exemption, among others in case of default interest and interest realised through 
investment in the notes (being obveznice under applicable Croatian laws), regardless of the issuer and 
type of notes. As no guidance has been published by the Croatian Tax Authorities, potential 
interpretation of the said provisions by the Croatian Tax Authorities cannot be assessed. 
As of 1 January 2016, pursuant to the Croatian Income Tax Act, capital income on the basis of capital 
gain represents a difference between the agreed selling price, i.e. revenue determined based on the 
market value of financial assets being disposed of and the purchase value.  
Within the meaning of the foregoing paragraph, the following revenues are considered as revenues 
realized by disposal of financial assets (financial instruments and structured products), i.e. receipts 
from: (i) transferable securities (vrijednosni papiri) and structured products, including shares in 
companies and other associations whose shares may be disposed of similarly as shares in companies; 
(ii) money market instruments; (iii) units of joint ventures; (iv) derivatives; and/or (v) proportional 
value of liquidation estate in case of liquidation of an investment fund and other revenues realized from 
ownership shares in case of liquidation, cessation or withdrawal.  
Within the meaning of the foregoing paragraphs, disposal of financial assets means sale, exchange, gift 
or other transfer, however does not include: (i) transfer of share from one pension fund to another; (ii) 
exchange of securities (vrijednosni papiri) with the equivalent securities of the same issuer, whereby 
the ratios among the holders and capital of issuer are not altered, as well as exchange of securities 
(vrijednosni papiri), i.e. financial instruments with other securities (vrijednosni papiri) or financial 
instruments, and acquisition of securities (vrijednosni papiri) or financial instruments in case of change 
of status changes, provided that in all these cases there is no cash flow and the sequence of acquisition 
of financial property is ensured (acquisition value shall be considered the value determined on the date 
of first acquisition of financial property); (iii) division of stocks of the same issuer, whereupon the 
share capital shall not be altered and there shall be no cash flow; (iv) exchange of shares among the 
investment sub-funds under the same umbrella fund, i.e. exchange of shares among the investment 
funds managed by the same management company, provided that the sequence of acquisition of 
financial property is ensured (acquisition value shall be considered the value determined on the date of 
first acquisition of financial property); and/or (v) repurchase of shares of the Croatian War Veterans’ 
Fund. 
Capital income from revenues from joint ventures shall be determined in the amount of realized yield, 
decreased for costs of management of investments, i.e. costs of management of investment fund assets 
(net yield), i.e. in case of discounted securities (vrijednosni papiri) and zero-coupon bonds, in the 
amount of difference between the purchase value at the moment of issue and realized value at maturity 
if the purchaser holds the security until its maturity. Capital income on the basis of capital gains 
realized through the investment of financial assets into portfolios, in line with the regulations applicable 
for capital markets, shall be determined in the moment of realization of yield from the portfolio 
decreased by the costs of portfolio management (net yield). 
Capital income on the basis of capital gains shall not be taxed if disposal has been made between the 
spouses and first-degree relatives and other members of immediate family (as defined in the Croatian 
Income Tax Act), between the divorced spouses if disposal is in immediate connection with the

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
divorce, inheritance of financial assets and if financial assets are disposed of after two years from the 
date of purchase, i.e. acquisition of the same. 
If financial assets were acquired as a gift and disposed of in a period of two years from the date of 
acquisition, the person disposing the assets shall be determined the capital income in line with the 
Croatian Income Tax Act.  
Capital losses may be deducted only from the income from capital gains which is realized in the same 
calendar year. Capital losses may be stated up to the amount of the tax basis. 
Capital income realized in a foreign currency shall be calculated in HRK counter value by application 
of the middle exchange rate of the Croatian National Bank on the day of payment. 
Specifically, as income from capital are deemed capital gains and gains from dividends and profit 
sharing on the basis of shares in capital. Amendments to the Croatian Income Tax Act have introduced 
change of income tax payments on the basis of receipts from dividends or profit sharing on the basis of 
shares in capital and capital gains from the rate of 12% to rate of 10%. which shall enter into effect as 
of determining income tax for year 2021 and so forth. Dividends and profit sharings on the basis of 
shares in capital are taxable at source, while the obligor of calculation, withholding and payment of tax 
for capital gains is the tax obligor acquirer of revenue from the country or from the abroad, if not 
provided to the contrary by an international treaty (or the company managing financial assets of the tax 
obligor or Central Depository and Clearing Company);for income from capital based on disposal of 
share in capital, a tax obligor and; a person disposing of financial assets in case of financial assets was 
acquired as a gift and disposed of in a period of two years from the date of acquisition. The company, 
payer of dividends or shares in profit is obliged to assess, withhold and pay tax simultaneously with the 
payment of dividends or profit. It should be noted that on top of income tax the income tax surcharge is 
levied which is defined in the city or municipal regulations depending on the place of residence or 
habitual abode of the tax obligor. The tax basis for surcharge tax is the assessed income tax and the 
payer of the receipts is obliged to assess, withhold and prepay tax simultaneously with the payment of 
receipts.  
If the resident receives income from capital from abroad without a local intermediary, he is obliged to 
pay tax at the applicable tax rate. In a situation where the tax payer chose that Central Depository and 
Clearing Company shall keep records, calculate income and income tax and report to tax authorities 
thereof, he is obliged to deliver all data necessary for determination of income tax to Central 
Depository and Clearing Company. 
The general tax rules outlined above apply to the extent there are no limitations imposed under 
applicable double tax treaties. Source taxation may be obviated or reduced pursuant to the terms of an 
applicable double taxation treaty under the conditions as provided for in the applicable tax legislation. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
In accordance with Local Taxes Act and subject to any applicable double taxation treaty, any natural 
person or legal entity who inherits or receives gifts (including securities) with individual value higher 
than HRK 50,000.00 in the Republic of Croatia is under an obligation to pay Croatian tax in respect of 
such inheritance or gift at a rate of 4%. Certain exemptions with respect to application of the 
aforestated tax are available in line with the Local Taxes Act. 
EU Savings Directive 
EU Savings Directive has been incorporated in the earlier version of the Croatian General Tax Act and 
has come into force on 1st July 2013. The EU Savings Directive has been repealed by Council 
Directive (EU) 2015/2060 of 10 November 2015 which came into force on 1st January 2017. This 
Directive has not been transposed in any particular legislation act in Croatia. 
No gross-up for taxes withheld

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
Purchasers of the Securities should note that neither the Issuer nor any other person will assume any 
liability for taxes withheld from payments under the Securities, nor make any additional payments in 
regard of these taxes, i.e. no gross-up will apply if a withholding tax is imposed. 
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized financial 
transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the Securities. 
Taxation of corporations 
Corporate (profit) tax obligors are: 
1. companies and other legal entities and natural persons residing in the Republic of Croatia that are 
self-employed and perform economic operations permanently and for the purpose of making the 
profit, income or revenues or other valuable commercial benefits; 
2. local business units of a foreign entrepreneur (non-resident); 
3. a natural person determining income in a manner prescribed for self-employment according to 
income tax regulations or natural person commencing with self-employment if he/she declares that 
he/she will pay corporate (profit) tax instead of income tax; 
4. a natural person determining income in a manner prescribed for self-employment according to 
income tax regulations or natural person commencing with self-employment if the total turnover in 
the previous tax period exceeded HRK 7,500,000, or  
5. exceptionally, government administration bodies, regional self-administration bodies, local self-
administration bodies, Croatian National Bank, institutions of regional self-administration units, 
institutions of local self-administration units, state institutes, religious communities, political 
parties, trade unions, chambers, associations, artists associations, voluntary fire-fighting societies, 
technical culture communities, tourist communities, sports clubs, sports societies and associations, 
trusts and funds, if they perform commercial activities whose non-taxation would lead to 
unjustified advantages on the market (they are subject to corporate (profit) tax for such commercial 
activities). The tax authority will at own initiative or at the proposal of other tax obligors declare in 
its decision that the above stated persons are obliged to pay corporate (profit) tax for such 
commercial activities; 
6. each entrepreneur and his legal successor not counted to entrepreneurs counted in items 1 through 
5 who is not an income tax obligor according to the income tax regulations and whose profit is not 
taxable elsewhere. 
The tax base shall be the profit determined pursuant to the accounting regulations as the difference 
between revenues and expenditures before the profit tax assessment, increased and reduced in 
accordance with the provisions of Croatian Profit Tax Act. The tax base of a resident taxpayer shall be 
the profit earned in Croatia and abroad and the tax base of a non-resident shall only be the profit earned 
in Croatia which shall be assessed in accordance with the provisions of Croatian Profit Tax Act. 
Income from the liquidation or other procedure by which the payer terminates operations in accordance 
with special regulations, income from sale, changes in the legal form and division of the payer is 
included in the tax base, and the tax base is determined according to the market value of the assets, 
unless otherwise provided by Croatian Profit Tax Act. 
Withholding tax obligors are payers of interests (certain exemptions available under the Croatian Profit 
Tax Act), dividends, shares in profit, royalties for copyrights and other intellectual property rights 
(copyrights, patents, licences, trademarks, designs or models, production processes, production 
formulae, drawings, plans, industrial or scientific experience and similar rights) to foreign persons 
other than natural persons and paying for market research services, tax and business consulting or audit 
services to foreign persons and paying any other kinds of services paid to persons having their 
registered seats or places of actual administration or supervision in countries deemed tax havens or 
financial centres other than EU member states and countries with which the Republic of Croatia entered 
into and applies double tax treaties and which are included in the List of Countries issued by the 
Finance Minister and published on web pages of the Ministry of Finance and Tax Administration.

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
In case of withholding tax the subject of taxation is the gross amount of payment paid by a payer in the 
country to a non-resident - foreign recipient.  
Corporate (profit) tax rate is 10% if the income of the obligor in the tax period amounts to HRK 
7,500,000.00 and 18% if the income of the obligor in the tax period is equal or over the amount of 
HRK 7,500,000.01, withholding tax rate is 15%, except for dividends and shares in profit for which the 
withholding tax rate is 10%, and 20% for all kinds of services paid to persons having their registered 
seat or place of actual administration or supervision in countries deemed tax havens or financial centres 
other than EU member states and countries with which the Republic of Croatia entered into and applies 
double tax treaties and which are included in the List of Countries issued by the Finance Minister and 
published on web pages of the Ministry of Finance and Tax Administration. 
Croatian withholding tax can be reduced under an effective double tax treaty.  
Finally, Council Directive 2003/49/EC of 3 June 2003 on a common system of taxation applicable to 
interest and royalty payments made between associated companies of different Member States, the 
Council Directive 90/435/EEC on the common system of taxation applicable in the case of parent 
companies and subsidiaries of different Member States and Council Directive 2017/952 of 29 May 
2017 as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries, have been transposed to Croatian legal system  
through Income Tax Act.  
10. 
AUSTRIA 
The following is a general discussion of certain Austrian tax consequences of the acquisition, holding 
and disposal of the Securities. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Austrian tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Securities, and, in particular, does 
not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is not 
intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific 
terms of such Series or Tranche of Securities as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following 
section only provides some general information on the possible tax treatment of Securities to be 
considered capital assets (Kapitalvermögen) under Sec 27 Austrian Income Tax Act. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities, including the effect of any 
state, local or church taxes, under the tax laws of Austria and any country of which they are resident or 
whose tax laws apply to them for other reasons. This overview is based on Austrian law as in force 
when drawing up this Prospectus. The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities and tax 
courts may change and such changes may also have retroactive effect. It cannot be ruled out that the 
Austrian tax authorities adopt a view different from that outlined below.  
Austrian individuals 
Realized capital gains (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) from the Securities whose 
ongoing payments are considered to be income from the provision of capital (Einkünfte aus der 
Überlassung von Kapital) within the meaning of Sec 27 Para 2 of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
(Einkommensteuergesetz) or income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) within the meaning of 
Sec 27 Para 4 of the Austrian Income Tax Act derived by individuals, whose domicile or habitual 
abode is in Austria, in general are subject to Austrian income tax at a special rate of 27.5% (depending 
on the specifics of the respective Security exemptions from this special tax rate may apply and 
progressive taxation may apply). Realised capital gain (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) 
means inter alia any income derived from the sale or redemption of the Securities. The tax base is, in 
general, the difference between the sale proceeds or the redemption amount and the acquisition costs, 
in each case including accrued interest. Income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) means inter

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
alia any cleared differences (Differenzausgleich), writer premiums (Stillhalterprämie) and income from 
the sale or other settlement of derivatives. Expenses which are directly connected with income subject 
to the special tax rate are not deductible. For Securities held as private assets, the acquisition costs shall 
not include incidental acquisition costs. The income may in general be subject to withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) if the Securities are kept or administrated in a custodial institution 
(depotführende Stelle) or paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) in Austria. If the income from the capital 
gain is not subject to withholding tax deduction, the taxpayer will have to include the income from the 
capital gain in his personal income tax return pursuant to the provisions of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. Generally the possibilities of tax loss offset are limited for capital assets held as private assets. 
If ongoing payments of the Securities are considered to be income from the provision of capital 
(Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) within the meaning of Sec 27 Para 2 of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) (e.g. dividend payments, interest payments) this income will 
in general be subject to Austrian income tax at a special tax rate of 27.5% provided that the income is 
derived by individuals, whose domicile or habitual abode is in Austria (depending on the specifics of 
the respective Security exemptions from this special tax rate may apply and progressive taxation may 
apply) The tax base is, in general, the received payment by the individual. The income may in general 
be subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) if the Securities are kept or administrated in a 
paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) in Austria or if the debtor has its seat, place of management in 
Austria or is the branch of a foreign credit institute. If the income from the capital gain is not subject to 
withholding tax deduction, the taxpayer will have to include the income from the capital gain in his 
personal income tax return pursuant to the provisions of the Austrian Income Tax Act.  
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at 
source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at source. 
Austrian corporations 
Corporations seated in Austria or whose place of management is in Austria are subject to corporate 
income tax at a tax rate of 25%. This in general includes ongoing income from Securities and realized 
capital gains or derivative income from Securities.  
Under certain prerequisites, Austrian corporations holding Securities may declare exemption from 
withholding tax deduction by submitting a corresponding statement (Befreiungserklärung) to the 
Austrian custody bank and competent financial authority. With this statement the Austrian corporation 
has to declare its identity and has to confirm that the Securities are held as business assets. If such 
declaration is not submitted all income from the Securities will in general be subject to withholding tax 
deduction. Such withheld tax may be set off with the corporate income tax. 
Again, the Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
at source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at 
source. 
Non-resident taxation 
Individuals who do not have their domicile of their habitual abode in Austria are subject to Austrian 
limited income tax liability (non-resident taxation) with certain types of income. Income derived from 
the Securities subject to this non-resident taxation may be subject to the special tax rate in the amount 
of 27.5% (depending on the specifics of the respective Security exemptions from this special tax rate 
may apply and progressive taxation may apply). The income may be subject to withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) or may need to be declared in a respective personal income tax return. The 
individual may be eligible to apply for a refund to Austrian tax on the basis of applicable double 
taxation treaties.

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
Corporations who do not have their seat or place of management in Austria are subject to Austrian 
limited corporate income tax liability (non-resident taxation) with certain types of income. Income 
derived from the Securities subject to this non-resident taxation may be subject to withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) or may need to be declared in a respective corporate income tax return. The 
corporation may be eligible to apply for a refund to Austrian tax on the basis of applicable double 
taxation treaties.  
Again, the Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
at source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at 
source. 
11. 
EUROPEAN FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
Commission Proposal), for a financial transaction tax (FTT) to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating 
Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission's 
Proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could 
include the Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or 
modification of derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments).  
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Certificates where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the relevant Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is 
adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a 
derivative contract in the context of the relevant Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale 
of securities (such as charged assets) or the exercise/settlement of a warrant. The relevant Issuer is, in 
certain circumstances, able to pass on any such tax liabilities to holders of the Securities and therefore 
this may result in investors receiving less than expected in respect of the Securities. It should also be 
noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the 
Securities (including secondary market transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied and 
the FTT is adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is however some 
uncertainty in relation to the intended scope of this exemption for certain money market instruments 
and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective Certificateholders are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
12. 
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
Based on the "OECD Common Reporting Standard (CRS)" states, which have committed themselves 
to apply the OECD Common reporting Standards ("Participating States"), exchange information with 
respect to financial accounts held by persons in another Participating State. The same applies to 
Member States of the European Union. Since 2017 the competent authorities of each EU member state

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
automatically has to submit information on financial accounts and advance cross-border rulings of each 
person domiciled in the respective EU member state to the competent authorities of each other EU 
member state. 
Since 2018 the competent authorities of each EU member state automatically has to submit anti-money 
laundering information. Investors should obtain information and/or seek advice if required. 
13. 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING  
The Issuer and other financial institutions through which payments on the Securities are made may be 
required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all, or a portion of, "foreign passthru 
payments" (a term not yet defined) made two years after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury 
Regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payment", or later. This withholding would potentially 
apply to payments in respect of (i) any Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued after the 
"grandfathering date" which (A) with respect to Securities that give rise solely to foreign passthru 
payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury Regulations 
defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) with respect to 
Securities that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code as discussed 
below (and therefore do not give rise to foreign passthru payments), is the date that is six months after 
the date on which obligations of their type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents, or in 
either case are issued on or before the grandfathering date and are materially modified thereafter, and 
(ii) any Securities characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax 
purposes, whenever issued. If Securities are issued on or before the grandfathering date, and additional 
Securities of the same series are issued after that date, the additional Securities may not be treated as 
grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the existing Securities, including a negative 
impact on market price. 
While the Securities are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is not expected that 
FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by the clearing systems. However, FATCA 
may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to 
the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free 
of FATCA withholding. FATCA also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial 
institution not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor 
that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with 
any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be 
made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose their custodians and intermediaries with 
care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and 
provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents 
that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA 
withholding. The Issuer’s obligations under the Securities are discharged once it has paid the common 
depositary for the clearing systems (as bearer or registered holder of the Securities) and the Issuer has 
therefore no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the hands of the clearing 
systems and custodians or intermediaries. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility 
that the Securities may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing 
systems. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA 
withholding. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from payments on the 
Securities, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person would, pursuant to the 
conditions of the Securities, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or 
withholding of such tax. As a result, investors may receive a lesser amount than expected. Holders of 
Securities should consult their own tax advisers for a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how 
FATCA may apply to payments they receive under the Securities.

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Securities, and investors in the 
Securities is uncertain at this time. The application of FATCA to "foreign passthru payments" on the 
Securities or to Securities issued or materially modified after the grandfathering date may be addressed 
in the relevant Final Terms or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, as applicable.  
On 10 January 2014, representatives of the Governments of Italy and the United States signed an 
intergovernmental agreement to implement FATCA in Italy (the "IGA"), which entered into force on 
1st July 2014. The IGA ratification law entered into force on 8 July 2015. Under these rules, the Issuer, 
as a reporting financial institution, will be required to collect and report certain information in respect 
of its account holders and investors to the Italian tax authorities, which would automatically exchange 
such information periodically with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
14. 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT PAYMENTS 
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the Code imposing a withholding tax on certain 
“dividend equivalents” under certain “equity linked instruments” exclude from their scope instruments 
issued before calendar year 2021 that do not have a “delta of one” with respect to underlying securities 
that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes (each an “Underlying 
Security”). Subject to this pre-2021 exemption, Section 871(m) of the Code will apply to a financial 
instrument (a "Specified Security") if it meets either (i) a "delta" test, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) 
a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. Section 871(m) of the Code provides 
certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-
based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, as well as 
instruments that track such indices. If the terms of a financial instrument issued before calendar year 
2021 (that is exempt from withholding under Section 871(m) of the Code) are "significantly modified" 
sometime after calendar year 2020 such that the financial instrument is treated as retired and reissued 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it will lose this exemption. Withholding in respect of dividend 
equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on a Specified Security or upon 
the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the Specified Security. If U.S. 
Underlying Equities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, 
withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Security does not provide for 
payments explicitly linked to dividends. If the Issuer or any other relevant withholding agent 
determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to 
pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
Section 871(m) of the Code is complex and its application may depend on your particular 
circumstances, including whether you enter into other transactions with respect to an Underlying 
Security. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) of 
the Code to the Securities. 
15. 
SWITZERLAND 
The following summary is an overview of certain aspects of taxes in Switzerland relating to the 
taxation of the Securities issued under the Programme and is included herein solely for information 
purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is 
based upon the Swiss tax laws as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date. Because this overview does not address all tax 
considerations under Swiss law and as the specific tax situation of an investor cannot be considered in 
this context, prospective investors are recommended to consult their personal tax advisers as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership, sale or redemption of and the income derived from the 
Securities issued under the Programme including, in particular, the effect of tax laws of any other 
jurisdiction. 
On 3 October 2017, the Swiss Federal Tax Administration has issued updated Circular Letter No. 15 in 
relation to bonds and derivative financial instruments as subject of Swiss direct federal tax, Swiss 
withholding tax and Swiss stamp duties ("Circular Letter No. 15"). The Securities issued under the 
Programme will be taxed in accordance with this Circular Letter No. 15 and its appendices, as updated

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
from time to time. Depending on the qualification of the relevant Security by the competent Swiss tax 
authorities the taxation of each Security may be different. 
(a) 
Federal, Cantonal and Communal Individual Income Tax and Corporate Income Tax 
Securities held by non-Swiss holder 
Holders of Securities who are not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes, and who during the 
respective taxation year, have not engaged in a trade or business carried out through a permanent 
establishment or a fixed place of business situated in Switzerland to which the Securities are 
attributable for tax purposes and who are not subject to income taxation in Switzerland for any other 
reason ("Non-Resident Securityholders") are in respect of the Securities not subject to any federal, 
cantonal and communal income tax, whether on interest (and/or discount and/or premium, if any) paid, 
on the payment of principal or on any gain realised on the sale or other disposition of the Securities. 
Securities held as private asset by a Swiss resident holder 
Individuals resident in Switzerland who hold their Securities as private assets ("Resident Private 
Securityholders") are required to include all payments of interest on such Securities in their personal 
income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable income for such tax 
period. A distinction is to be made between Securities with and without a "predominant one-time 
interest payment" as follows: 
Securities without a "predominant one-time interest payment"  
Holders of Securities without a "predominant one-time interest payment" (where the yield-to-maturity 
is predominantly derived from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest payment) 
who are individuals receiving payments of interest on Securities (either in the form of periodic interest 
payments or as a one-time interest payment such as an issue discount or a repayment premium) are 
required to include such payments in their personal income tax return and will be taxable on any net 
taxable income (including the payments of interest on the Securities) for the relevant tax period. A 
capital gain, including a gain relating interest accrued realised on the sale or redemption of Securities 
by a Swiss resident holder, is a tax-free private capital gain, and, conversely, a respective loss on the 
Securities is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. 
Securities with a "predominant one-time interest payment"  
In the case of Securities with a "predominant one-time interest payment" (where the yield-to-maturity 
is predominantly derived from a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a 
repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments), the positive difference (including any 
capital and foreign exchange gain) between the amount received upon sale or redemption and the issue 
price (if the Securities were purchased thereafter) will be classified as a taxable interest payment, as 
opposed to a tax-free capital gain (pure differential taxation method). Provided that the Securities can 
be treated transparently from a tax point of view, i.e. if it is possible to differentiate between the bond 
and option components, the so-called modified differential taxation method is applied, whereby the 
income realised on the bond component is taxed, while the income realised on the option component 
remains tax-free. Losses realised on the sale of Securities with a "predominant one-time interest 
payment" may be offset against gains realised within the same tax period on the sale of any Securities 
with a "predominant one-time interest payment". 
Securities held as business asset by a Swiss resident holder 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold their Securities as part of a trade or business in 
Switzerland, which in the case of residents abroad, is carried out through a permanent establishment or 
a fixed place of business in Switzerland ("Domestic Commercial Securityholders"), are required to 
recognise the payments of interest and any gain realised on the sale, redemption or exercise of such 
Securities (including a gain relating to interest accrued) and any loss on such Securities in their income

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
statement for the respective tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, 
are classified as "professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealings and 
leveraged investments in securities. 
(b) 
Cantonal and Communal Wealth Tax and Capital Tax, Gift, Estate and Inheritance Tax  
Holders of Securities who are Non-Resident Securityholders are not subject to cantonal and communal 
wealth tax or capital tax. 
Holders of Securities who are Resident Private Securityholders or individuals that are Domestic 
Commercial Securityholders are required to report the Securities as part of their private wealth or as 
part of their Swiss business assets, as the case may be, and are subject to annual cantonal and/or 
communal wealth tax on any net taxable wealth (including the Securities); however, in the case of 
individuals that are Domestic Commercial Securityholders, only to the extent aggregate taxable wealth 
is allocable to Switzerland. Corporate Domestic Commercial Securityholders are required to report the 
Securities as part of their assets in their financial statements and are subject to cantonal and communal 
capital tax on net taxable equity; however, in the case of a non-Swiss resident corporate Domestic 
Commercial Securityholders holding Securities as part of a Swiss permanent establishment, only to the 
extent aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. No wealth tax and no capital tax are levied 
at federal level. 
The transfer of Securities may be subject to cantonal and/or communal gift, estate or inheritance taxes 
if the donor is, or the deceased was, resident for tax purposes in a Swiss canton levying such taxes. 
(c) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the non-Swiss issuer are currently not subject to 
withholding tax, provided that the Issuer is at all times resident and effectively managed outside 
Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
On 14 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council adopted the dispatch on an amendment to the Swiss 
federal withholding tax act (strengthening the debt capital market). The reform provides for the 
complete abolition of withholding tax on domestic interest payments (with the exception of interest 
payments on bank deposits to domestic individuals). Should the reform be enacted as currently 
envisaged, payments of interest would thus no longer be subject to withholding tax, even if the issuer 
were domiciled in Switzerland, provided that the Securities do not qualify as bank deposits. If there 
was a deduction or withholding of withholding tax on any interest payments in respect of the 
Securities, the holders of the Securities would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a 
result of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Securities. 
(d)  
Securities Transfer Tax 
Securities transfer tax (Umsatzabgabe) is levied on the transfer of ownership against consideration of 
certain taxable securities (which may include the Securities) if a securities dealer in Switzerland or 
Liechtenstein, as defined in the Swiss federal stamp duty act, is a party or acts as an intermediary to the 
transaction and no exemption applies. Hence, secondary market transactions in the Securities may be 
subject to securities transfer tax at a rate of up to 0.3%, calculated on the purchase price or sales 
proceeds. Also, the physical delivery of the underlying upon settlement (future) or exercise (option) is 
generally subject to securities transfer tax, if the underlying itself qualifies as taxable security for Swiss 
stamp duty purposes. 
However, those Securities which classify as pure derivatives for Swiss stamp duty purposes do 
generally not qualify as taxable securities and are thus not subject to securities transfer tax. This 
excludes those Securities which, due to specific features, are considered debt financing instruments

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
(bonds or money market securities), share-like or fund-like products, as well as Low Exercise Price 
Options (LEPO) on shares (with a maturity exceeding one year) for Swiss stamp duty purposes.  
(e)  
Automatic Exchange of Information  
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
"MCAA"). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of 
Information (the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in 
Tax Matters (the "AEOI Act") entered into force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis 
for the implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. 
The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with 
the principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes 
(and for criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. An up-to-date list of the AEOI 
agreements of Switzerland in effect or signed and becoming effective, including the dates of 
commencement of data collection and data exchange, can be found on the website of the State 
Secretariat for International Financial Matters SIF <www.sif.admin.ch>. 
Based on such bilateral or multilateral agreements, as the case may be, and the implementation of 
Swiss law, Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including the 
Securities, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying 
agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in a European Union member state or in a 
treaty state.

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
Restrictions on Public Offers of Securities in Relevant Member States where there is no 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  
Certain Tranches of Securities may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a 
Public Offer. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of 
Securities. However, any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Securities in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area where the Prospectus Regulation is applicable (each, a 
"Relevant Member State") may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Relevant Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State) and 
published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that the Issuer has consented to the 
use of this Base Prospectus in connection with such offer as provided under "Consent given in 
accordance with Article 5(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)" and the conditions 
attached to that consent are complied with by the person making the Public Offer of such Securities.  
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Manager have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Public Offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)  
In the context of any Public Offer of Securities, the Issuer has requested or may request the CSSF to 
provide a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a 
"passport") in relation to the passporting of the Base Prospectus to the competent authorities of 
Austria, Croatia, Hungary, Ireland, Republic of Italy, Slovak Republic, Slovenia and Spain (the "Host 
Member States"). Even though the Issuer has elected (or will elect) to passport this Base Prospectus 
into the Host Member States, it does not mean that it will choose to make any Public Offer in the Host 
Member States. Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue of Securities to see whether the 
Issuer has elected to make a public offer of Securities in either the Luxembourg or a Host Member 
State (each a "Public Offer Jurisdiction"). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility in the Public Offer Jurisdictions for which it has given consent 
referred to herein for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") to 
whom an offer of any Securities is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its 
consent to use this Base Prospectus (such financial intermediary, an "Authorised Offeror"), where the 
offer is made during the period for which that consent is given and is in compliance with all other 
conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus. However, the 
Issuer does not have any responsibility for any of the actions of an Authorised Offeror, including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local 
regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to 
Consent" below.  
None of the Issuer or any Manager makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or Securities law 
requirements in relation to any Public Offer and none of the Issuer or any Manager has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.  
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer and any Manager has authorised the making of any 
Public Offer by any offeror nor have they consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any 
other person in connection with any Public Offer of Securities. Any Public Offer made without 
the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer or any Manager accepts any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. If, in 
the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in the context of the Public

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether they can rely on this 
Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents they should take legal advice.  
Consent  
The consent referred to relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of approval 
of this Base Prospectus. 
In connection with each Tranche of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below under 
"Common Conditions to Consent":  
(1) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of such Securities during the relevant Offer Period 
stated in the applicable Final Terms by the relevant Manager and by:  
(a) any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(b)  any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the Issuer’s website (https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/) and identified 
as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and  
(2) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Issuer consents to the use 
of the Base Prospectus by all financial intermediaries, the Issuer hereby offers to grant its 
consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) 
in connection with a Public Offer of Securities during the relevant Offer Period stated in the 
applicable Final Terms by any financial intermediary which satisfies the "Specific Conditions to 
Consent" set out below.  
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant 
Public Offer are (in addition to the conditions described under "Specific Conditions to Consent" below 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent:  
(i) 
is only valid with reference to Public Offers occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus;  
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities in one or more of Luxembourg, Austria, Croatia, Ireland, Republic of Italy, Hungary, 
Slovak Republic, Slovenia and Spain, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.  
Each Tranche of Securities may only be offered to Investors as part of a Public Offer in the 
Relevant Member State(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer.  
Specific Conditions to Consent  
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are that:  
(i)  
the financial intermediary must be authorised to make such offers under the applicable 
legislation implementing the MiFID II in the Relevant Member State;  
(ii)  
the financial intermediary accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base 
Prospectus by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets completed with the relevant information):

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Securities] (the "Securities") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final 
Terms") published by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the "Issuer"). We hereby accept the offer by the 
Issuer of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in 
connection with the offer of the Securities (the "Offer") in accordance with the Authorised 
Offeror Terms and subject to the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base 
Prospectus, and we are using the Base Prospectus in connection with the Offer accordingly".  
The Authorised Offeror Terms, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using the Base Prospectus, are that the financial intermediary:  
(1) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the 
relevant Manager that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Public Offer:  
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, 
rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from 
time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Securities by any person and 
disclosure to any potential Investor, and will immediately inform the Issuer and the 
relevant Manager if at any time such financial intermediary becomes aware or suspects 
that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such 
violation and comply with such Rules in all respects;  
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Offering and Sale" in this Base Prospectus 
which would apply as if it were a Manager;  
(c) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid 
by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Securities does not 
violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to 
Investors or potential Investors;  
(d) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Securities under the applicable laws and 
regulations of the Relevant Member State;  
(e) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know 
your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance 
with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to 
initial investment in any Securities by the Investor), and will not permit any application 
for Securities in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to 
the source of the application monies;  
(f) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the Issuer and 
the relevant Manager or directly to the appropriate authority with jurisdiction over any 
Manager in order to enable the Issuer or any Manager to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules applying to the 
Issuer or any Manager;  
(g) 
ensure that no holder of Securities or potential Investor in the Securities shall become an 
indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Manager for the purposes of any 
applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are 
created by the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such 
financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising;  
(h) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Manager in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph 
(f) above) upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Manager as is available to 
such financial intermediary or which is within its power and control from time to time,

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
together with such further assistance as is reasonably requested by the Issuer or the 
relevant Manager:  
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the 
Securities, the Issuer or the relevant Manager; and/or  
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Manager relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Manager or another Authorised 
Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by 
any regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or  
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Manager may reasonably require from time to time 
in relation to the Securities and/or as to allow the Issuer or the relevant Manager 
fully to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements,  
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame 
set by any such regulator or regulatory process;  
(i) 
during the period of the initial offering of the Securities: (i) not sell the Securities at any 
price other than the Issue Price or the Premium in case of Warrants, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Manager); (ii) not sell 
the Securities otherwise than for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Manager); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to 
any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Securities (unless otherwise 
agreed with the relevant Manager); and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct as 
may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant Manager; 
(j) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Securities, or 
(ii) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) makes for its 
discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives 
from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Securities 
on their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long as is required 
by any applicable Rules;  
(k) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Manager to 
breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Manager to any requirement to 
obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction;  
(l) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common conditions to 
consent" above and any further requirements relevant to the Public Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
(m) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Securities the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any 
applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose and not convey or 
publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with the Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; and  
(n) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any 
other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for 
the purposes of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the relevant Public Offer, it 
will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies 
with the Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided such 
communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer and the relevant Manager 
accept any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Manager (as applicable), use the legal or 
publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Manager or any other name, brand or logo

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any such 
entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant 
Securities on the basis set out in the Base Prospectus;  
(2) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Manager (in each case on 
behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and 
controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or 
demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and 
counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) which any 
of them may incur or which may be made against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or 
in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties 
or undertakings by such financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised 
action by such financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to observe any of 
the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any 
unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been 
authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Manager; and  
(3)  
agrees and accepts that:  
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by 
the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base Prospectus with its consent 
in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law;  
(b) 
subject to (d) below, the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") and the Issuer and 
financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts;  
(c) 
for the purposes of (b) above and (d) below, the financial intermediary waives any 
objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any dispute;  
(d) 
to the extent permitted by law, the Issuer and the Manager may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and  
(e) 
each relevant Manager will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, 
be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or 
are expressed to be, for its benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the 
Authorised Offeror Terms.  
Any financial intermediary who meets all of the conditions set out in "Specific Conditions to 
Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" above who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to 
publish on its website the statement (duly completed) specified at paragraph (ii) under "Specific 
Conditions to Consent" above.  
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS  
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SECURITIES IN A 
PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC 
OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. 
THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER AND ANY 
MANAGER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH MANAGER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT 
OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE.  
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price  
Securities to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation 
with the relevant Manager at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other 
things, on the remuneration applicable to the Securities and prevailing market conditions at that time. 
The Offer Price of such Securities is the price at which the investor may subscribe the Securities, in 
case of Public Offer. The Offer Price of the Securities will be the Issue Price, or such other price as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other price as may be agreed between an 
Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Securities to such Investor. Neither the 
Issuer or the relevant Manager(s) will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised 
Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at 
which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Securities to such Investor.

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer dated 5 May 2020. For the issue of any Series of Securities under the Programme no separate 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer is necessary. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF, in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Law 
2019, which implements the Prospectus Regulation, to approve this document as a base prospectus. The 
CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial opportuneness of the transactions set out 
under this Programme or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in compliance with the provisions of article 
6(4) of the Prospectus Law 2019. Application has also been made to the Luxemburg Stock Exchange for 
Securities issued under the Programme (i) to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange; and (ii) to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market and 
the EuroMTF. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. The EuroMTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, but it is subject to the 
supervision of the CSSF. 
Securities may be issued under the Programme which are not listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or market or trading venue, or 
Securities may be issued which are listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other stock 
exchange or markets or trading venues as the Issuer may specify in the applicable Final Terms. After the 
Issue Date, application may be made to list the Securities on other stock exchanges or regulated 
markets or to admit to trading on other trading venues as the Issuer may decide. 
Documents Available 
In addition to the availability of the Base Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein in 
electronic form as set out below, for so long as the Programme remains valid with the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any Securities shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, the following documents 
(translated into English, where applicable) may be obtained by the public during normal business hours at 
the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent and at the registered offices of the Issuer, namely: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements to this Base Prospectus (together with any prospectuses 
published in connection with any future updates in respect of the Base Prospectus) and any other 
information incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(b) 
a certified copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
any Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Securities which are neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by the relevant Securityholders and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Listing Agent as to its holding of Securities and 
identity); and 
(e) 
any supplemental agreement prepared and published in connection with the Programme. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms 
relating to the Securities which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
website 
(https://www.bourse.lu), 
and 
at 
the 
following 
website: 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to the 
Securities will remain published on the Issuer's website (www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com)

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
for at least 10 years after their publication.   
Copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo are available on the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/governance/company-documents  
Any Second-party Opinion in relation to Green Certificates or Climate Certificates or Social Certificates 
or 
Sustainability 
Certificates 
are 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/sustainability/environment/green-products/Green-bonds. 
Financial statements available 
In addition to the availability of the Base Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein in 
electronic form as set out below, for  so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be 
outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be 
obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent and at 
the registered offices of the Issuer:  
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo as at and for the years 
ended 31 December, 2019 and 2020; in each case, together with the accompanying notes and 
any auditors' report; 
(b) 
the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of Intesa 
Sanpaolo published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its 
unaudited consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months ended 31 March 
2021. 
Clearing Systems 
Securities to be represented by a Global Security have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The common code or any other security identification code, and ISIN 
for each issue of Securities allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities will be accepted for clearance in Monte Titoli. Italian Dematerialised 
Securities will be in bearer form (al portatore) and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli (with registered office and 
principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy). 
If the Securities of any series are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amounts of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and any Manager(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Trend information  
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and 
since 31 March 2021, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group other than as disclosed within the 5 May 2021 Press Release.  
No significant change

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
Since 31 March 2021, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group. Since 31 March 2021 there has been no significant change in the financial position of 
the Issuer other than as disclosed within the 5 May 2021 Press Release. 
Material contracts 
None of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and Intesa Sanpaolo's other subsidiaries has entered into any contracts 
in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may reasonably be 
expected to be material to the Issuer' ability to meet its obligations to Securityholders. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information except to the extent required by 
any applicable laws and regulations. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus under "Description of the Issuer – Legal Proceedings", none 
of the Issuer or any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is or has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration or administrative proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of 
this document relating to claims or amounts which may have, or have had in the recent past, a 
significant effect on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial position or profitability and, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no such litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
External Auditors 
From the year ended 2012 the auditors of the Issuer are KPMG S.p.A. for the period 2012-2020. 
KPMG S.p.A., with registered office at Via Vittor Pisani 25, 20124 Milan, Italy, is a member of 
Assirevi-Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, the Italian association of auditing firms. KPMG 
S.p.A. have audited Intesa Sanpaolo's consolidated annual financial statements, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia) promulgated pursuant to article 11.3 of Legislative 
decree no. 39/10, as at and for the years ended 31 December, 2019 and 2020. 
LEI Code 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") Code of Intesa Sanpaolo is 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08. 
Declaration of the officer responsible for preparing Intesa Sanpaolo's financial reports  
The officer responsible for preparing the company's financial reports, Fabrizio Dabbene, declares, 
pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance (Legislative Decree No. 
58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time) that the accounting 
information contained in this Base Prospectus corresponds to Intesa Sanpaolo's documentary results, 
books and accounting records.

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
THE ISSUER 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy 
PRINCIPAL SECURITY AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
28-32 Place de la Gare 
L-1616 Luxembourg  
Luxembourg  
CALCULATION AGENT 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to English law and Italian law 
DLA Piper Studio Legale Tributario Associato 
Via dei Due Macelli 66 
00187 Rome 
Italy