--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a società per azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES PROGRAMME  
IMI CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING  
Under the terms of its Warrants and Certificates Programme IMI Corporate & Investment Banking (the "Programme"), 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. ("Intesa Sanpaolo" or the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time issue warrants or 
covered warrants (respectively, "Warrants" and "Covered Warrants", and together, save as otherwise specified in this 
Programme, "Warrants") or certificates ("Certificates" and, together with the Warrants, "Securities") relating to one 
or more specified indices or one or more baskets of indices, provided that any of such indexes will not be composed by 
the Issuer or by any legal entity belonging to the same group ("Index Securities"), one or more specified shares or one 
or more baskets of shares or one or more global depository receipts (GDRs) or American depository receipts (ADRs) or 
one or more baskets of GDRs and/or ADRs (together, "Share Securities"), one or more specified exchange rates or one 
or more baskets of exchange rates ("Exchange Rate Securities"), one or more specified future contracts or one or more 
baskets of future contracts ("Futures Contract Securities"), one or more specified interest rates or one or more baskets 
of interest rates ("Interest Rate Securities"), one or more specified funds or one or more baskets of funds ("Fund 
Securities"), one or more specified commodities or one or more baskets of commodities ("Commodity Securities"), 
one or more specified government bonds or one or more baskets of government bonds or one or more supranational 
bonds or one or more baskets of supranational bonds or the yield of one or more specified government/supranational 
bonds or the yield of one or more baskets of government/supranational bonds ("Govies Securities"). The Securities may 
also be a combination of two or more of the foregoing types, as indicated from time to time in relation to the relevant 
issue ("Combined Securities"). If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Certificates under the 
Programme described as "green" ("Green Certificates"), "climate" ("Climate Certificates"), "social" ("Social 
Certificates"), "sustainability" ("Sustainability Certificates").  
Each issue of Securities will be made on the terms set out herein which are relevant to such Securities under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities" (the "Conditions") and in the form of the relevant final terms document (the "Final 
Terms"). Securities may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Securities") or registered form ("Registered Securities"). 
Securities may also be issued in bearer, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the Italian law, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the relevant 
Italian central securities depository ("Italian Dematerialised Securities"). 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI") in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") to approve this document as a base prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CBI, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CBI 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus; investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Securities. The CBI gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness 
of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities issued under the Programme to be (i) listed on the 
official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and (ii) admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market (the "Euronext Dublin Regulated Market") and the multilateral trading facilities Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin (the "GEM"). The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the "MiFID II"). The GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Where Securities are to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the GEM, this document constitutes a

--- Page 2 ---
2 
base listing particulars (the "Base Listing Particulars") and, with respect to such Securities, a reference to the Base 
Prospectus in this document shall be deemed to be a reference to the Base Listing Particulars where the context requires. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved as such by Euronext Dublin.  
The CBI has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus concerning the Securities admitted 
to trading on the GEM. The CBI assumes therefore no responsibility in relation to the issues of Securities admitted to 
trading on the GEM. 
The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such further or 
other stock exchanges or markets as the Issuer may determine. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not 
Securities are to be listed on Euronext Dublin and/or any other stock exchange(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Securities and/or Securities not admitted to trading on any market. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities and 
the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Securities as an 
investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Securities involve a high degree of 
risk, including the risk of their expiring worthless. Potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all 
or part of the purchase price of their Securities. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers to ensure that 
they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, 
accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Securities and are not relying 
on the advice of the Issuer or, if relevant, any Manager in that regard. See Section "Risk Factors". The language 
of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original 
language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
IMPORTANT – RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor either in the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") or in one or more specified jurisdictions in the EEA, and/or in one or more specified jurisdictions 
outside the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or (iv) a retail client within 
the meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation of the specified jurisdiction outside the EEA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
and/or in the specified jurisdiction(s) only has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA and/or in the specified jurisdiction(s) only may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to one or more 
underlyings that may constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "Benchmark Regulation" or "BMR"). If any such underlying does 
constitute such a benchmark the applicable final terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. Not every underlying will fall within 
the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, pursuant to article 51 of the BMR, transitional provisions in the 
Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark (i.e. a benchmark which has 
been recognised as critical benchmark or a benchmark whose administrator is based in a non-EU jurisdiction and does 
not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions (according to Article 30 of the BMR) or is not "recognised" pending such a 
equivalence decision (according to Article 32 of the BMR) or is not "endorsed" for such purpose (according to Article 
33 of the BMR)) is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable 
final terms. The registration status of any administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable final terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
The Securities and, in case of Physical Delivery Securities (only applicable in case of Share Securities) the Entitlement 
(as defined herein) to be delivered upon the exercise of such Securities, have not been, and will not be registered under

--- Page 3 ---
3 
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities authority of any State or other 
jurisdiction of the U.S., and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") under the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "Commodity 
Exchange Act"). The Securities and the Entitlements may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly 
or indirectly, within the United States or to a U.S. person unless such offer or sale has been registered under the Securities 
Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
The Securities and the Entitlements are being offered and sold outside the U.S. to persons that are not U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the Securities Act) in reliance on Regulation S. No Securities of any 
series, or interests therein, or Entitlements may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised. The Securities and 
Entitlements may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person. For a description of certain further 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Offering and Sale" 
below.  
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any State 
securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor has any of the foregoing authorities 
passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of Securities or the accuracy or the adequacy of this Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of its approval (i.e. 24 February 2023). For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 24 February 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer (the Responsible Person) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with an offer of Securities are the Issuer, the persons named in the 
applicable Final Terms as the relevant Manager(s) and the persons named in or identifiable 
following the applicable Final Terms as the Financial Intermediaries, as the case may be. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and 
with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Securities, should be read and construed 
together with the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
A description of the Final Terms is set out herein at Section "Form of Final Terms" and will specify 
with respect to the issue of Securities to which it relates, inter alia, the specific designation of the 
Securities, the aggregate number and type of the Securities, the date of issue of the Securities, the 
issue price, the credit event of the specified entity or entities to which the Certificates relate, certain 
other terms relating to the offering and sale of the Securities including whether they bear 
remuneration and the exercise date. 
The applicable Final Terms will (if applicable) contain information relating to the underlying asset, 
index or other item(s) (each an Underlying) to which the Securities relate and which is contained 
in such Final Terms. However, unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Final Terms, any 
information contained therein relating to an Underlying will only consist of extracts from, or 
summaries of, information contained in financial and other information released publicly by the 
issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying. The Issuer will, unless otherwise 
expressly stated in the applicable Final Terms, confirm that such extracts or summaries have been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying, no facts have 
been omitted that would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading, but the Issuer does not 
accept any further or other responsibility in respect of such information. 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms, each issue of Securities will entitle the holder thereof to 
receive a cash amount, or in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Entitlement to be delivered 
upon the exercise of such Securities from the Issuer calculated in accordance with the Conditions 
on such terms as are set out in the Conditions, all as set forth in the Conditions. 
To purchase any Security or, upon exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in order to receive the 
relevant Entitlement, each Securityholder will be required to certify (in accordance with the 
provisions outlined in "Offering and Sale" below) that it is not a U.S. person or a person who has 
purchased such Security or received such Entitlement for resale to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons and that it is not receiving such Security or exercising a Physical Delivery Security 
on behalf, or for the account or benefit, of a U.S. person.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and, in respect of 
Securities which are not Italian Dematerialised Securities, also from the specified offices set out 
below of the Security Agents (as defined below). 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or in the Final Terms 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Securities and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or any other manager of an issue of Securities (each a Manager). 
No Manager has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by any Manager as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Securities 
should purchase any Securities. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Securities should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Securities constitutes an offer or an 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Securities shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning 
the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same or that there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented. Investors should review, inter alia, 
the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Securities. 
Warrants create options which are exercisable by the relevant holder and/or will be automatically 
exercised as provided herein. There is no obligation on the Issuer to pay any amount to any holder 
of a Warrant or to deliver any asset to any holder of a Warrant unless the relevant holder duly 
exercises such Warrant or such Securities are automatically exercised and, in certain 
circumstances, an Exercise Notice is duly delivered. Securities will be exercised or exercisable in 
the manner set forth herein and in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Securities are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code") and the U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY

--- Page 6 ---
6 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation 
in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may 
be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer which is intended to permit a public offering of any Securities or 
distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Securities or Entitlements may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities or 
Entitlements in the United States or its possession and the European Economic Area (including 
Ireland, Austria, Croatia, France, Luxembourg, Italy, Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain) (see 
"Offering and Sale"). 
The Securities of each issue may be sold by the Issuer and/or any Manager at such time and at such 
prices as the Issuer and/or the Manager(s) may select. There is no obligation upon the Issuer or 
any Manager to sell all of the Securities of any issue. The Securities of any issue may be offered or 
sold from time to time in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise at 
prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions, at the discretion of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) 
below may apply, any offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
(each, a Relevant Member State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of Securities which 
are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation to the offer of those Securities may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation or publish a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Relevant Member State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms 
which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Relevant Member State, such offer is made in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the 
Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent 
sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Manager have authorised, nor do 
they authorise, the making of any offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises 
for the Issuer or any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In connection with the issue of any Securities, the person or persons (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Final Terms may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is 
no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) 
will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Securities is made and, if 
begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Securities. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION 
CONTAINED OR REFERRED TO IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT INTENDED TO BE 
RELIED UPON BY PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING 
PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON THEM UNDER THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE; AND (B) PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THEIR 
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER. 
All references to "USD", "U.S.$", "$", "US Dollars", "US dollars" and "U.S. dollars" are to 
United States dollars and references to "euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the surviving entity from the merger between Banca Intesa S.p.A. and Sanpaolo IMI 
S.p.A., which was completed with effect from 1 January 2007. Pursuant to the merger, Sanpaolo IMI 
S.p.A. merged by incorporation into Banca Intesa S.p.A. which, upon completion of the merger, changed 
its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. Accordingly, in this Base Prospectus: 
- 
references to "Intesa Sanpaolo" are to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. in respect of the period since 1 
January 2007 and references to the "Intesa Sanpaolo Group" are to Intesa Sanpaolo and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period; 
- 
references to "Banca Intesa" or "Intesa" are to Banca Intesa S.p.A. in respect of the period prior 
to 1 January 2007 and references to the "Banca Intesa Group" are to Banca Intesa and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period; and 
- 
references to "Sanpaolo IMI" are to Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. in respect of the period prior to 1 
January 2007 and references to "Sanpaolo IMI Group" are to Sanpaolo IMI and its subsidiaries 
in respect of the same period. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................... 17 
1. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER ................................................................... 17 
2. MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE SECURITIES BEING OFFERED 
AND/OR ADMITTED TO TRADING .................................................................................... 28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................ 59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES................................................................. 63 
1. Type, Title and Transfer ........................................................................................................... 65 
2. Status of the Securities ............................................................................................................. 69 
3. Definitions ................................................................................................................................ 70 
4. Physical Delivery provisions .................................................................................................. 133 
5. Illegality and force majeure .................................................................................................... 136 
6. Hedging Disruption ................................................................................................................ 136 
7. Purchases and Cancellation .................................................................................................... 137 
8. Agents, Determinations, Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications ............................. 137 
9. Notices .................................................................................................................................... 139 
10. Expenses and Taxation ........................................................................................................... 140 
11. Further Issues .......................................................................................................................... 140 
12. Substitution of the Issuer ........................................................................................................ 141 
13. Governing Law and Jurisdiction ............................................................................................. 141 
14. Prescription ............................................................................................................................. 142 
15. Market Disruption Events and Adjustment Events ................................................................ 142 
16. Adjustments for European Monetary Union ........................................................................... 174 
17. Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power ..................................................................... 175 
18. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 ......................................................................... 176 
19. Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants) ............................................... 176 
20. Minimum and Maximum Amount of Warrants Exercisable (only applicable to Warrants) .. 183 
21. Exercise rights and procedure (only applicable to Certificates) ............................................. 183 
22. Physical Delivery Confirmation Notices and Settlement (only applicable if Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) ......................... 188 
23. Pay-out provisions .................................................................................................................. 191 
24. Reverse Split of Turbo Certificates ........................................................................................ 237 
ANNEX TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES - .............................. 239 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................. 243 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .............................................................................................. 244 
REGULATORY SECTION ........................................................................................................ 286 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP
 ................................................................................................................................................ 311 
OFFERING AND SALE ............................................................................................................. 315 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................... 329 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................. 362 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF SECURITIES ......... 397 
GENERAL INFORMATION ...................................................................................................... 403

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the programme does not purport to be complete and is taken 
from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Securities, the applicable Final Terms. The 
Issuer may determine that Securities shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the 
Terms and Conditions, in which case, in relation to listed Securities only and if appropriate, a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published.  
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the “Prospectus Commission Delegated 
Regulation”) supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and in the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Description: 
Warrants and Certificates Programme IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Securities denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Offering and Sale"). 
Principal Security Agent, 
Registrar and Irish Listing 
Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Calculation Agent: 
The Issuer or such other calculation agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Currencies: 
Euro, U.S. dollars or any other currency or currencies 
selected by the Issuer or any Manager, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. The Issuer may issue Securities in respect of 
which the Cash Settlement Amount and/or Early Redemption 
Amounts and/or Remuneration Amounts may be payable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in one or more 
currencies (Settlement Currency as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which may be different from the 
currency in which the Issue Price was denominated (Issue 
Currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (Dual 
Currency Securities). 
Issue Price: 
Certificates may be issued at such price as shall be 
determined by the Issuer or any Manager appointed in respect 
of the issue subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. The Issue 
Price will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
applicable Final Terms will provide for the Discount Price, 
the Issue Price will be considered in order to calculate the 
Multiplier.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Offer Price: 
Certificates may be offered in the context of a Public Offer 
or in circumstances where there is an exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus, at such price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Offer Price"). The Offer Price may be equal to 
the Issue Price, or such other price as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Discount Price: 
The initial price at which the Certificates will be traded on 
the market may be determined on the basis of the Discount 
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Discount 
Price will be lower than the Issue Price. The Discount Price 
will be applicable only in relation to Certificates to be 
admitted to listing and/or trading without prior offer.  
Purchase Price: 
The Digital Certificates may be subscribed by the investor in 
an exempt offer at the Purchase Price, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Purchase Price will be lower 
than the Issue Price.  
Premium: 
Warrants may be issued at such price (premium) as shall be 
determined by the Issuer or any Manager appointed in respect 
of the issue subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. The 
Premium will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Securities: 
Bearer Securities 
Each issue of Bearer Securities will, on issue, be represented 
by either a Temporary Global Security or a Permanent Global 
Security as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Temporary Global Security will be exchangeable either, in 
accordance with its terms, for a Permanent Global Security 
or for Definitive Securities. The Permanent Global Security 
will be exchangeable in limited circumstances for Definitive 
Securities. Each Temporary Global Security and each 
Permanent Global Security will be held by a common 
depository on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Registered Securities 
Registered Securities will be represented by definitive 
registered certificates registered in the name of the beneficial 
owner thereof ("Registered Certificates") and/or a 
registered certificate in global form (a "Global Registered 
Certificate") which will be registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or in any clearing system specified 
in the applicable Constituting Instrument. Definitive 
Exchangeable Bearer Securities will be exchangeable for 
definitive Registered Securities only if and to the extent so 
specified in the relevant Final terms. Registered Securities 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Securities or an interest 
therein. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Italian Dematerialised Securities will be issued in bearer (al 
portatore), uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form into Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with registered office and 
principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 
Milan, Italy, or any successor clearing system thereto) 
("Monte Titoli") pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 
58/1998, as amended and implemented and subsequent 
implementing 
provisions 
("Italian 
Dematerialised 
Securities"). Italian Dematerialised Securities will not be 
issued in definitive form. However, the holder still has the 
right to obtain the release of the certificate pursuant to articles 
83-quinquies and 83-novies, paragraph 1, letter b), of the 
Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and 
integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. 
Type of Securities: 
The Issuer may issue Warrants or Certificates (together, 
Securities) including Index Securities, Share Securities, 
Exchange Rate Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Fund 
Securities, Interest Rate Securities, Commodities Securities, 
Govies Securities and Combined Securities, as specified 
below. 
Remuneration Amount(s) may be payable in respect of 
Securities, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Warrants may be European Style Warrants or American Style 
Warrants. 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by cash payment (Cash Settled 
Securities) or, only in relation to Share Securities, physical 
delivery (Physical Delivery Securities).  
The method of settlement will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In relation to Certificates only, the applicable Final Terms 
may also specify that such Certificates are either cash settled 
of physically settled depending upon the occurrence or not of 
one of the following events (specified in the applicable Final 
Terms):  
- 
Barrier Event; 
- 
Barrier Gap Event; 
- 
Buffer Event; 
- 
Consolidation Floor Event; 
- 
One Star Event; 
- 
Restrike Event; 
- 
Settlement Event; 
- 
Switch Event. 
Settlement of Italian Dematerialised Securities shall be by 
way of cash payment only.  
How the value of the investment 
in the Securities is affected by the 
The Cash Settlement Amount, the Entitlement, the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) and any Remuneration Amount

--- Page 12 ---
12 
value of the underlying assets: 
(if any) due under the Securities may be affected by the value 
of the Underlying or the Underlyings specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and will depend on the type of 
Securities issued, as specified in Condition 24 “Pay-out 
provisions”. 
Index Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Index Securities will be calculated by reference to one or 
more indexes or basket of indices or one or more baskets of 
baskets of indices, provided that any of such indexes will not 
be composed by the Issuer or by any legal entity belonging to 
the same group. 
Share Securities (including 
GDRs/ADRs Securities): 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Share Securities will be calculated by reference to one or 
more shares or basket of shares or one or more baskets of 
baskets of shares or to one or more GDRs/ADRs or baskets 
of GDRs/ADRs or one or more baskets of baskets of 
GDRs/ADRs. 
Share Securities may also be issued as Physical Delivery 
Securities. In such case, the Entitlement will be a specified 
amount of shares of one or more companies or an amount of 
GDRs/ADRs of one or more issuers of GDRs/ADRs, as 
applicable, subject to payment of the relevant Premium (in 
the case of Warrants) and any other sums payable. 
The Share used as Underlying will not: 
− 
issued by the Issuer nor by an entity belonging to 
the group of the Issuer, and / or 
− 
be converted or exchanged into shares or other 
transferable securities equivalent to shares issued 
by the Issuer or by an entity belonging to the group 
of that Issuer.  
Exchange Rate Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Exchange Rate Securities will be calculated by reference to 
one or more exchange rates or basket of exchange rates or 
one or more baskets of baskets of exchange rates. 
Futures Contract Securities:  
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Futures Contract Securities will be calculated by reference to 
one or more future contracts or a basket of future contracts or 
one or more baskets of baskets of future contracts. 
Interest Rate Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Interest Rate Securities will be calculated by reference to one 
or more interest rates or a basket of interest rates or one or 
more baskets of baskets of interest rates. 
Commodity Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Commodity Securities will be calculated by reference to one 
or more commodities or a basket of commodities or one or 
more baskets of baskets of commodities. 
Govies Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Govies Securities will be calculated by reference to: 
– 
one or more government or supranational bonds or 
a basket of government or supranational bonds or 
one or more baskets of baskets of government or 
supranational bonds; 
– 
the yield of one or more government or 
supranational bonds or the yield of a basket of 
government or supranational bonds or one or more 
baskets of baskets of government or supranational 
bonds. 
Fund Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Fund Securities will be calculated by reference to units or 
shares in one or more funds or a basket of funds or one or 
more baskets of baskets of funds. 
Combined Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Combined Securities will be calculated by reference to two 
or more Underlyings belonging to different asset class. 
Exercise of Certificates: 
Each Certificate shall be automatically exercised on the 
Exercise Date, unless an Early Redemption Event occurred 
(if applicable), or a Call Option is exercised by the Issuer (if 
applicable), or a Put Option is exercised by the investor (if 
applicable), or an Open End Feature is applicable (in case of 
Benchmark Certificates and Turbo Certificates), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities, 
the early exercise of such Certificates shall be subject to the 
extent such Certificates qualify at such time as liabilities that 
are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements or, in case of a 
redemption pursuant to Condition 22(C)(ii) (Exercise due to 
a MREL Disqualification Event) of Certificates qualified as 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements 
before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, 
to the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior 
permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with 
Article 78a of the CRR. 
In the case of Certificates listed on the regulated market of 
jurisdictions other than Ireland, Securityholders may be 
entitled to waive the automatic exercise in accordance with 
the specific requirements of such regulated market, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Exercise of Warrants: 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise 
Date or, if such day is not an Exercise Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Exercise Business Day (the Actual 
Exercise Date and the Expiration Date). Only in case of 
Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading without prior 
offer, the relevant Final Terms may specify an Early 
Redemption Event. 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise 
Business Day during the Exercise Period (with the last 
Exercise Business Day of the Exercise Period being (the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Expiration Date). Only in case of Warrants to be admitted 
to listing and/or trading without prior offer, the relevant Final 
Terms may specify an Early Redemption Event. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, any Warrant which has not been duly exercised by the 
relevant Securityholder, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date 
shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, any Warrant which has not been duly exercised by the 
relevant Securityholder, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date 
and which is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
"In-The-Money" shall be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date. In the case of Italian Traded Warrants, 
automatic 
exercise 
can 
be 
waived 
by 
serving 
a 
Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement, copies of which may 
be obtained from the specified office of the Principal Security 
Agent and the registered office of the Issuer. 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of Intesa 
Sanpaolo if the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. Any 
such redemption shall be subject to the circumstances 
described in "Exercise of Certificates" above. 
Modification or Substitution of 
Certificates: 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of 
Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities, substitute new 
securities for such Certificates whereby such new securities 
shall replace such Certificates, or vary the terms of such 
Certificates, as fully specified in Condition 8(D)(ii) of the 
Terms and Conditions. 
Return on the Securities: 
Cash Settled Securities entitle the holder to payment on the 
Settlement Date of the Cash Settlement Amount, if positive. 
Physical Delivery Securities entitle the holder to payment on 
the Settlement Date of the Entitlement. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms the Certificates 
entitle the holder to payment of one or more Remuneration 
Amounts. The payment of one or more Remuneration 
Amounts may depend on the value of one or more 
Underlyings which may be different from the Underlying(s) 
whose value is calculated for the purpose of other 
Remuneration Amounts, or whose value is calculated for the 
purpose of the same Remuneration Amount but in relation to 
a different valuation period, or whose value is calculated for 
the purpose of the occurrence of the relevant event(s), or of 
the Cash Settlement Amount.  
Only in the case of Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or 
trading without prior offer, upon the occurrence of an Early

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Redemption Event, the Securities are deemed to be early 
redeemed and the Securityholders are not entitled to receive 
any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will be equal 
to 0 (zero). 
Status of the Securities: 
The 
Securities 
constitute 
direct, 
unsubordinated, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank, unless provided otherwise by law, pari passu among 
themselves and, (save for certain obligations required to be 
performed by law), equally with all other unsecured 
obligations other than subordinated obligations, if any, of the 
Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
Physical Delivery Securities and 
Assessed Value Payment 
Amount: 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities (only applicable 
in relation to Share Securities), in order to receive the 
relevant Entitlement, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Securityholder must deliver to the 
Principal Security Agent an Exercise Notice (in the case of 
Warrants) or a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (in the 
case of Certificates) prior to 10.00 a.m. Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date 
(in the case of Warrants) or the Exercise Date (in the case of 
Certificates) and pay any Expenses and any other amounts 
payable and, in the case of Warrants, the relevant Premium. 
If a Securityholder does not deliver an Exercise Notice or a 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, as applicable, prior 
to 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may 
be, on the Expiration Date or the Exercise Date, as applicable, 
no delivery of the Entitlement will be made and in lieu 
thereof the Issuer shall determine and pay the Assessed Value 
Payment Amount. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer is entitled, subject to the Conditions of the Securities, 
to substitute any other company as principal debtor in respect 
of all obligations arising from or in connection with any 
Securities or to change the branch through which it is acting 
for the purpose of any Securities. Upon any such substitution 
of the Issuer or branch, the Conditions of the Securities will 
be amended in all consequential respects.  
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin and to be admitted to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin's Regulated Market. 
The Securities may also be unlisted or admitted to listing and 
trading on such other or further stock exchange or market or 
trading venues, as the Issuer may specify in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
After the Issue Date, application may be made to list the 
Securities on other stock exchanges or regulated markets or 
to admit to trading on other trading venues as the Issuer may 
decide. 
Governing Law:  
The Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising

--- Page 16 ---
16 
out of or in connection with the Securities will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English Law. 
Notwithstanding this, (i) in respect of Italian Dematerialised 
Securities, the registration and transfer of the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities in Monte Titoli will be governed 
by, and will be construed in accordance with, Italian law, and 
(ii) in respect of the loss absorption provisions described in 
Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of Italian Bail-in Power) 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such provisions will be governed by, and 
will be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect 
of Securities issued under the Programme and are material and specific to the Issuer and the Securities 
issued under the Programme.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below, represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay the Cash Settlement 
Amounts in respect of the Cash Settled Securities or deliver the Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Delivery Securities may occur or arise for other unknown reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently 
be able to anticipate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or that the 
Issuer currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations 
or the Securities.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. An investment in relatively complex 
securities such as the Securities involves a greater degree of risk than investing in less complex securities. 
In some cases, investors may stand to lose the value of their entire investment or part of it, as the case 
may be. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities". 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and obtain a 
better appreciation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the 
Securities issued and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer deem that the following risk 
factors could affect its ability to satisfy their obligations arising from the Securities. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1) Risks relating to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group; 
2) Risks related to legal proceedings; 
3) Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
4) Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the 
regulation on the solution of banking crises; and 
5) Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the 
applied accounting principles. 
1.1. 
Risks related to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Risk exposure to debt Securities issued by sovereign States 
As at 30 June 2021, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to 
approximately €104 billion, increased compared to approximately €90 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries, including Italy,

--- Page 18 ---
18 
corresponded to €140 billion, compared to €123 billion at the end of 2020. 
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as Italy's rating downgrading 
or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, might have negative effects on the assets, the economic 
and/or financial situation, the operational results and the perspectives of the Bank. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group results are and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to Italy and 
certain major European Countries. 
As at 31 December 2020, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to 
approximately €90 billion (9% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately €10 
billion represented by loans. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU 
countries, including Italy, corresponded to €123 billion (12.2% of the total assets of the Group), to which 
should be added approximately €12 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by 
governments, central banks and other public entities represented approximately 46.2% of the total 
financial assets. 
At the end of 2019, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy corresponded to 
approximately €86 billion (10.5% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately 
€11 billion represented by loans. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued 
by EU countries, including Italy, corresponded to €121 billion (14.8% of the total assets of the Group), 
to which should be added approximately €12 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities 
issued by governments, central banks and other public entities represented approximately 46% of the 
total financial assets. 
For further information please refer to Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial 
statements for 2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
1.2. 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
As at 30 June 2021, there were a total of about 34,900 disputes, other than tax disputes, pending at Group 
level (excluding those involving Risanamento S.p.A., which is not subject to management and 
coordination by Intesa Sanpaolo) with a total remedy sought of €3,973 million. This amount includes all 
outstanding disputes, for which the risk of a disbursement of financial resources resulting from a potential 
negative outcome has been deemed possible or probable and therefore does not include disputes for 
which risk has been deemed remote. The risks associated with these disputes are thoroughly and 
individually analysed by the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group companies. Specific and appropriate 
provisions have been made to the allowances for risks and charges in the event of disputes for which 
there is an estimated probability of a disbursement of more than 50% and where the amount of the 
disbursement may be reliably estimated (disputes with likely risk). Without prejudice to the uncertainty 
inherent in all litigation, the estimate of the obligations that could arise from the disputes and hence the 
amount of any provisions recognised are based on the forward-looking assessments of the outcome of the 
trial. These forward-looking assessments are, in any event, prepared on the basis of all information 
available at the time of the estimate. The disputes with likely risk amount to around 25,000 with a remedy 
sought of €2,151 million and provisions of €743 million. The part relating to Intesa Sanpaolo is around 
5,900 disputes with a remedy sought of €1,743 million and provisions of €568 million, the part relating 
to other Italian subsidiaries is around 1,000 disputes with a remedy sought of €270 million and provisions 
of €104 million, and the part relating to the international subsidiaries is around 18,100 disputes with a 
remedy sought of €138 million and provisions of €71 million. 
The risk arising from legal proceedings consists of the possibility of the Bank being obliged to pay any 
sum in case of unfavourable outcome. 
The most common legal disputes are related to invalidity, cancellation, inefficacy actions or 
compensation for damages as a consequence of transactions related to the ordinary banking and financial

--- Page 19 ---
19 
activity carried out by the Bank. 
For any individual assessment regarding legal disputes please refer to the section entitled "Legal 
Proceedings" of this Base Prospectus. Such paragraph also includes information concerning the disputes 
on the marketing of convertible and/or subordinated shares/bonds issued by Banca Popolare di Vicenza 
or Veneto Banca, which filed against respectively Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (both subsequently 
merged by incorporation in Intesa Sanpaolo). 
1.3. 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the macro-
economic context 
The future development in the macro-economic context may be considered as a risk as it may produce 
negative effects and trends in the economic and financial situation of the Bank and/or the Group. 
Any negative variations of the factors described hereafter, in particular during periods of economic-
financial crisis, could lead the Bank and/or the Group to suffer losses, increases of financing costs, and 
reductions of the value of the assets held, with a potential negative impact on the liquidity of the Bank 
and/or the Group and its financial soundness. 
The trends of the Bank and the Group are affected by the general, national and economic situation of the 
Eurozone, the dynamics of financial markets and the soundness and growth prospects of the economy of 
other geographic areas in which the Bank and/or the Group operates. 
In particular, the profitability capacity and solvency of the Bank and/or the Group are affected by the 
trends of certain factors, such as the investors' expectations and trust, the level and volatility of short-
term and long-term interest rates, exchange rates, financial markets liquidity, availability and cost of 
capital, sustainability of sovereign debt, household incomes and consumer spending, unemployment 
levels, business profitability and capital spending, inflation and housing prices. 
The macro-economic framework is currently characterised by significant profiles of uncertainty, in 
relation to: (a) the outbreak of COVID-19, which caused a major decline in economic activity in 2020 
and may contribute to further economic downturns in the near future, in addition to more persistent effects 
on default rates and unemployment rates; (b) the future developments of ECB monetary policies in the 
Euro area and of the FED in the dollar area; (c) the tensions observed, on a more or less recurrent basis, 
on the financial markets; (d) the risk that in the future holders of Italian government debt lose confidence 
in the credit standing of Republic of Italy, owing to political developments or changes in budgetary 
policies affecting the sustainability of government debt. 
With reference to the exit of the United Kingdom from the single market on 1 January 2021, changes in 
the relationship of the UK with the EU may affect the business of the Bank. On 29 March 2017, the UK 
invoked Article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union and officially notified the EU of its decision to 
withdraw from the EU. On 31 January 2020 the UK withdrew from the EU and the transition period 
ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and 
secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which 
governs relations between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition period and which 
had provisional application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 
2021. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-
border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
The precise impact on the business of the Issuer and the Group is difficult to determine. As such, no 
assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Securities and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Securities in the 
secondary market. 
Credit risk 
We would like to remark that, as of 30 September 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo recorded a gross NPL ratio 
(based on EBA metrics) of 2.9%. On 31 December 2020, the same data corresponded to 3.6%, compared 
to 6.8% recorded on 31 December 2019 The credit institutions which recorded a gross NPL ratio higher 
than 5% are required – on the grounds of the "Guidelines on management of non-performing and 
forborne exposures" of EBA – to prepare specific strategic and operative plans for the management of 
such exposures. 
Taking into consideration the pattern of the main credit risk indicators in 2020, in the first nine months 
of 2021 and the improvement of the Gross NPL ratio well below the 5% threshold, Intesa Sanpaolo deems 
that the risk related to credit quality is of low relevance. 
The economic and financial activity and soundness of the Bank depends on its borrower's 
creditworthiness. The Bank is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity. Therefore, the 
clients' breach of the agreements entered into and of their underlying obligations, or any lack of 
information or incorrect information provided by them as to their respective financial and credit position, 
could have negative effects on the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. Furthermore, any 
exposures in the bank portfolio towards counterparties, groups of connected counterparties and 
counterparties of the same economic sector, which perform the same activity or belong to the same 
geographic area, could increase the Bank concentration risk. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the Bank by 
reason of bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other reason. The bankruptcy of 
an important stakeholder, or any concerns about its default, could cause serious liquidity issues, losses or 
defaults by other institutions, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank. The Bank may also be 
subject to the risk, under specific circumstances, that some of its credits towards third parties are no 
longer collectable. Furthermore, a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties, including sovereign 
States, of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, might cause losses and/or negatively affect the ability 
of the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. A 
significant decrease of the creditworthiness of the counterparties of the Bank might, therefore, have a 
negative impact on the results of the Bank's performances. Albeit, in many cases, the Bank could require 
further guarantees to the counterparties which are in financial difficulties, certain disputes may arise with 
respect to the amount of guarantee that the Bank is entitled to receive and the value of the assets which 
are object of guarantee. The default rates, counterparties rating deterioration and disputes in relation to 
counterparties on the guarantee appraisal could be significantly increased during periods of market 
tensions and illiquidity. 
In compliance with the provisions of the "ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans" published 
in March 2017 through which the ECB calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to 
work towards an holistic approach regarding the problem of NPLs, Intesa Sanpaolo submitted to the ECB 
a plan for the reduction of its non-performing loans. 
Subsequently, building on the overall strategy and targets outlined in the 2018-2021 Business Plan 
published in February 2018, Intesa Sanpaolo has developed a solid 4-year plan, at no costs to 
shareholders, to reach an NPL level in line with European peers, continuing to maintain a lower leverage 
and a stronger balance sheet. Intesa Sanpaolo continues to improve its credit quality, leverages the 
excellent performance already achieved in 2020, where the bank outperformed against its own plan 
targets, exceeding one year in advance the deleveraging target set for the entire four-year 2018-2021 
Business Plan, by the strengthening of the proactive credit management designed to prevent new inflows 
from performing exposures, by the results achieved in the recovery activities, by the accomplishment of 
the planned disposals, but also thanks to the supervision and monitoring activities performed by the 
"Group NPL Plan Control Room". Total nonperforming loans for the first nine months of 2021 (bad,

--- Page 21 ---
21 
unlikely-to-pay, and past due) amounted – net of adjustments – to €9,141 million, down 14.9% from 
€10,743 million at year-end 2020. In detail, bad loans decreased to €3,583 million from €4,003 million 
at year-end 2020, with a bad loan to total loan ratio of 0.8% (0.9% at year-end 2020), and a cash coverage 
ratio of 60.7% (58.3% at year-end 2020). Unlikely-to-pay loans decreased to €4,961 million from €6,223 
million at year-end 2020. Past due loans amounted to €597 million compared to €517 million at year-end 
2020. 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please refer to 
"Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
For further information on the management of the "credit risk", please refer to Part E of the explanatory 
note of the consolidated financial statements for 2020, included by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
In Italy, the COVID-19 outbreak, led to a strong GDP contraction with negative effects in all economic 
sectors. Nevertheless, the results for the first nine months of 2021 confirmed Intesa Sanpaolo's ability to 
respond effectively to the complexities brought about by the pandemic. Gross NPL reduction was around 
€47 billion since the September 2015 peak and around €34 billion since December 2017, exceeding in 
advance, and by around €8 billion, the deleveraging target of around €26 billion set for the entire four-
year period of the 2018-2021 Business Plan. Intesa Sanpaolo continues to operate as a growth accelerator 
in the real economy in Italy: in the first nine months of 2021, medium/long-term new lending granted by 
the group to Italian households and businesses amounted to around €50 billion. In the first nine months 
of 2021, the group facilitated the return to performing status of around 7,300 companies, thus 
safeguarding around 36,000 jobs. 
Market risk 
In the first nine months of 2021, with regard the overall limit relating to trading and the hold to collect 
and sell (HTCS) business model, the Group's average managerial VaR was equal to €164.8 million in 
reduction compared to the same period of 2020. The performance of the indicator was mainly attributable 
to the scenario "rolling effect" due to the lower market volatility following the exceptional market shocks 
in March 2020 related to the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
As to the bank portfolio risks, the market risk, measured in terms of VaR, has recorded in the first nine 
months of 2021 an average value of €414 million (€648 million was the average value on 30 September 
2020). On 30 September 2021, the VaR was equal to €342 million, compared to €680 million on 30 
September 2020. On 31 December 2020, the VaR was equal to €492 million, compared to €227 million 
on 31 December 2019. 
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the securities of 
sovereign States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by way of example and 
without limitation, interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), which could determine a 
deterioration of the financial soundness of the Bank and/or the Group. Such deterioration could be 
produced either by negative effects on the income statement deriving from positions held for trading 
purposes, or from negative changes in the FVOCI (Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income) 
reserve, generated by positions classified as financial Activities evaluated at fair value, with an impact 
on the overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes of the financial instruments value, including the 
securities issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates of currencies, 
prices of the securities listed on the markets, commodities and credit spreads and/or other risks. Such 
fluctuations could be caused by changes in the general economic trend, the investors' propensity to 
investments, monetary and tax policies, liquidity of the markets on a global scale, availability and capital 
cost, interventions of rating agencies, political events both at social and international level, war conflicts 
and acts of terrorism. The market risk occurs both with respect to the trading book, which includes the 
financial trading instruments and derivative instruments related thereto, and the banking book, which 
includes the financial assets and liabilities that are different from those contained in the trading book.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The ratio between the credits towards customers and the direct deposit taking, as reported in the 
consolidated financial statement ("Loan to deposit ratio") on 30 September 2021 was at 86.4%, 
compared to 88% on 31 December 2020. 
Both regulatory indicators, LCR and NSFR, were well above the minimum regulatory requirements (100%). 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, measured according to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61, amounted to an average of 179.5 at the end of September 20211. The NSFR 
measured in accordance with regulatory instructions, was 123,8% at the end of September 2021. 
The participation of the Group to TLTRO funding transactions with ECB at the end of September 2021 
was equal to approximately €131 billion. 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the market 
situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of the Bank, may have negative 
effects on the activities and the liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is not able to satisfy its payment 
obligations at maturity, both due to the inability to raise funds on the market (funding liquidity risk) and 
of the difficulty to disinvest its own assets (market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Bank may be prejudiced by the temporary impossibility of accessing capital markets 
by the issuance of debt securities (both guaranteed and not guaranteed), the inability to receive funds 
from counterparties which are external to or of the Group, the inability to sell certain assets or redeem its 
investments, as well as unexpected cash outflows or the obligation to provide more guarantees. Such a 
situation may occur by reason of circumstances that are independent from the control of the Bank, such 
as a general market disruption or an operational issue which affects the Bank or any third parties, or also 
by reason of the perception among the participants in the market that the Bank or other participants in the 
market are experiencing a higher liquidity risk. The liquidity crisis and the loss of trust in the financial 
institutions may increase the Bank's cost of funding and limit its access to some of its traditional liquidity 
sources. 
Examples of liquidity risk manifestation are the bankruptcy of an important participant to the market, or 
concerns about its possible default, which may cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults of other 
banks which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank; and a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties 
of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, that may determine losses and/or negatively affect the ability 
of the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. 
The participation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to the TLTRO funding transactions with the ECB as at 
31 December 2020 was equal to approximately €83 billion. In particular, the Group has participated to 9 
TLTRO funding transactions, starting from 24 June 2016. As at 30 September 2021, such transactions 
amounted to approximately €131 billion, consisting entirely of TLTROs III. 
In March 2019 ECB announced a new series of quarterly targeted longer term refinancing operations 
(TLTRO-III), starting in September 2019 and ending in March 2021, each with a maturity of two years. 
These new operations helped to preserve favorable bank lending conditions and the smooth transmission 
of monetary policy. 
In March 2020 for TLTRO III, the ECB announced that considerably more favorable terms would have 
been applied during the period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding 
 
1 The LCR ratio refers to the simple average of the last 12 months of monthly observations, as per Regulation (EU) 
2021/637.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
during that same time. This decision had the purpose to support bank lending to those customers most 
affected by the spread of the coronavirus, in particular small and medium-sized enterprises. 
At the same time ECB announced that additional longer term refinancing operations (LTROs) would be 
conducted temporarily to provide immediate liquidity support to the euro area financial system. These 
operations provided an effective backstop in case of need and were carried out through a fixed rate tender 
procedure with full allotment, with an interest rate equal to the average rate on the deposit facility. The 
LTRO provided liquidity at favorable terms until the TLTRO III operation in June 2020. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Operational risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of operational risk which are intrinsic to its business, among 
which those mentioned herein, by way of example and without limitation: frauds by external persons, 
frauds or losses arising from the unfaithfulness of the employees and/or breach of control procedures, 
operational errors, defects or malfunctions of computer or telecommunication systems, computer virus 
attacks, default of suppliers with respect to their contractual obligations, terrorist attacks and natural 
disasters. The occurrence of one or more of said risks may have significant negative effects on the 
business, the operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. The capital 
absorption amounts to €2,110 million as at 30 September 2021 and represents approximately 8% of the 
total value of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group requirement. 
The operational risk may be defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk and 
compliance risk, model risk, ICT risk and financial reporting risk; strategic and reputational risk are not 
included. 
The Bank has defined a framework for the operational risks management which consists of the following 
phases: 
- 
identification: the detection and description of potential operational risk areas (e.g. operational 
events, presence of issues, applicability of risk factors, significant risk scenarios); 
- 
assessment and measurement: determination of operational risk exposure; 
- 
monitoring and control: continuous management of changes in the operational risk exposure, 
also to prevent the occurrence of harmful events and to promote active risk management; 
- 
mitigation: operational risk containment through appropriate mitigation actions and suitable risk 
transfer strategies, based on a risk-driven approach; 
- 
reporting: preparation of information flows related to operational risk management, designed to 
ensure adequate knowledge of the exposure to this risk. 
Although the Bank constantly supervises its own operational risks, certain unexpected events and/or 
events out of the Bank's control may occur (including those mentioned above by way of example and 
without limitation), with possible negative effects on the business and the economic and/or financial 
situation of the Bank and the Group, as well as on its reputation. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements 
for 2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign exchange risk

--- Page 24 ---
24 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of foreign exchange risk which are intrinsic to its business and 
are lied in foreign currency loans and deposits held by customers, purchases of securities, equity 
investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies, conversion to domestic currency of 
assets, liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries abroad, trading of foreign currencies and 
banknotes, and collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs 
in foreign currencies. Although the Bank constantly monitors its exposure to foreign currencies, any 
negative development of the foreign rates may have negative effects on activities and the economic and/or 
financial situation of the Bank and the Group. 
"Foreign exchange risk" is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange rate that 
could have a negative impact on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the financial statements and 
on earnings and capital ratios. Two types of Foreign Exchange Risk are identified: Structural and 
Transaction risk. Structural Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes 
in the exchange rate that could have a negative impact on the foreign exchange reserves that are part of 
the Group’s consolidated shareholders’ equity, and includes the foreign exchange risk associated with 
hybrid capital instruments. The key sources of structural foreign exchange risk are therefore the 
investments in associates and companies subject to joint control. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s management of the Structural Foreign Exchange Risk assigns the Parent 
Company the related management and coordination powers in order to achieve a consistent Group 
strategy. This choice, which is consistent with the Parent Company’s role as the liaison with the 
Supervisory Authority, allows the activities to be performed based on the specific responsibilities set out 
in the prudential supervision regulations, in addition to suitably mitigating and/or managing this type of 
risk. Transaction Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the 
exchange rate that may have a negative impact both on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the 
financial statements and on the earnings from funding and lending transactions in currencies other than 
the euro.  
- 
The main sources of this foreign exchange risk consist of: non-euro loans and deposits held by 
corporate and/or retail customers; 
- 
conversion into domestic currency of assets, liabilities and income of the international branches; 
- 
trading of foreign currencies; 
- 
collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative expenses in 
foreign currencies; 
- 
purchase and sale of securities and financial instruments for the purpose of resale in the short 
term; etc. 
Transaction foreign exchange risk also includes the risk related to transactions connected to operations 
that generate the type of structural foreign exchange risk represented, for example, by dividends, earnings 
in the process of being generated, and corporate events. 
1.4. 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the 
regulation on the solution of banking crises 
The Bank is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed 
by the relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). 
Both the aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous 
updates and practice developments. 
Furthermore, as a listed Bank, the Bank is required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The Bank, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the 
financial and banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and 
consumer protection. 
Although the Bank undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the rules 
and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities 
could give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Bank, with possible negative impacts on the 
operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. 
Regulatory framework 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the Supervisory Rules has been amended on the grounds of the 
Directions deriving from the so called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly 
strengthen the minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction of 
policies and quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation 
levels. In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal 
to 7% of the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a 
Total Capital ratio equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the 
so called "capital conservation buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
As known, Intesa Sanpaolo, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is 
subject to direct supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB). Following the Supervisory Review 
and Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital 
requirement that Intesa Sanpaolo must comply with at consolidated level. On 25 November 2020, Intesa 
Sanpaolo received the final decision of the ECB concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to 
be met. The overall capital requirement the Bank is required to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 
ratio is 8.59% on a fully-loaded basis2. 
The following requirements match the determination of the requirement related to the Common Equity Tier 
1 ratio for 2021: a) a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio equal to 9.5%, which includes a 
Pillar I minimum requirement of 8% and an additional Pillar II requirement of 1.5%, of which 4.5% and 
0.84% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio; b) the additional Capital Conservation Buffer requirement 
of 2.5% according to the criteria in force in 2019 and the additional O-SII Buffer (Other Systematically 
Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.75% on a fully-loaded basis in 2021. It should be noted that, on 12 
March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19), 
announced certain measures aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct supervision, are still able to 
provide credit support to the real economy. 
Considering that the European banking sector acquired a significant amount of capital reserves (with the 
aim of enabling banks to face with stressful situations such as the COVID-19), the ECB allows banks to 
operate temporarily below the capital level defined by the "Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G)" and the "capital 
conservation buffer (CCB)". Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be further 
improved by an appropriate revision of the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the competent 
national authorities. 
Moreover, due to the COVID-19 outbreak, with the Recommendation of 27 March 2020 the ECB 
recommended that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no irrevocable commitment 
to pay out dividends is undertaken by the credit institutions for the financial year 2019 and 2020 and that 
credit institutions refrain from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders. The ECB has decided 
to extend the recommendation on dividends until 30 September 2021 with the Recommendation 
ECB/2020/62 that repeals Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of 27 March 2020 and Recommendation ECB 
 
2 Applying the regulatory change introduced by the ECB with effect from 12 March 2020, allowing the Pillar 2 
requirement to be met partially using equity instruments not classified as Common Equity Tier 1.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
2020/35 of 27 July 2020. 
By taking into account the additional requirement made by the Institution specific Countercyclical 
Capital Buffer, the requirement of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio to be respected by Intesa Sanpaolo is 
equal to 8.63% on a fully-loaded basis. 
As at 31 December 2020, by taking into account the transitional treatment adopted to mitigate the impact 
of the IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Transitional), the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 14.7%, the Tier 1 ratio at 
16.9% and the Total capital ratio at 19.6%. Considering the full inclusion of the impact of IFRS 9 (IFRS 
9 Fully Loaded), solvency ratios as of 31 December 2020 were as follows: a Common Equity ratio of 
14.0%, a Tier 1 ratio 16.2%; and a Total capital ratio of 19.2%. 
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio or LCR), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank 
for a period of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net Stable 
Funding Ratio or NSFR) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets 
and liabilities have a sustainable maturity structure. 
Both indicators of the Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the Rules. 
In relation to the COVID-19 pandemic the slowdown in economic activity caused by lockdowns across 
Europe and the measures the Governments have taken to face the effects of the current health and economic 
emergency impacted the Group operations in the different countries of its perimeter, particularly during 
the peak of pandemic emergency. The business continuity management plans were activated in order to 
ensure the regular execution of Treasury activities and the proper information flows to the senior 
management and the Supervisors. 
Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is more than safe and under constant control, some 
risks may materialize in the horizon, depending on the economic recovery. An important mitigating factor 
to these risks are the contingency management policies in place in the Group system of rules and the 
measures adopted by the European Central Bank, which have granted a higher flexibility in the 
management of the current liquidity situation by leveraging on the available liquidity buffers. 
Furthermore, the Prudential Basel III Regulation introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which measures 
the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the Bank Group. Such index is 
calculated by considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to 
contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum 
regulatory limit of 3%. On 18 June 2021, the ECB announced, through its decision no. ECB/2021/1074, 
that euro area banks it directly supervises may exclude certain bank exposures from the Leverage Ratio, as 
exceptional macroeconomic circumstances due to COVID-19 pandemic continue. The move extends until 
March 2022 the Leverage Ratio relief granted in September 2020, which had expired on 27 June 2021. 
Although the above-mentioned regulatory evolution (further described under the Section "Regulatory 
Section" below) envisages a gradual adaptation to the new prudential requirements, the impacts on the 
management dynamics of the Bank could be significant. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, 
– so called "SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position 
of the Bank and the Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources 
that shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, "BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, "BRRD II"), which, inter alia,

--- Page 27 ---
27 
introduced the so called "bail-in", Regulation 2019/876/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, 
which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR II") and the Directive of the Parliament and the 
Council 2019/878/EU, which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD V") must be taken into 
consideration and put in force by Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended to 
enable a wide range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing 
(i.e. the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action 
under the BRRD towards the Intesa Sanpaolo Group could materially affect the value of, or any 
repayments linked to the Securities. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions 
(the "SSM Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory 
Mechanism" or "SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction 
with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct 
supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the 
total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – 
the ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three 
most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, 
direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; 
(iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries 
in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant 
part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting 
with each national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare 
an institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Intesa 
Sanpaolo and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised 
entity and a significant supervised group within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the 
European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between the European Central Bank and each national competent authority and 
with national designated authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to 
direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM 
Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
1.5. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the 
applied accounting principles 
The Bank is exposed, as well as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects deriving 
from both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the existing ones, in 
particular with respect to the international IAS/IFRS accounting principles, as approved and adopted 
within the European legal system. On the date of first implementation of the IFRS 9 principle (31 March 
2018), the main impacts for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the application of the new impairment 
accounting model (based on the "expected loss" concept instead of the "incurred loss" approach, which 
was previously envisaged by IAS 39), which has led to an increase of the value adjustments. The first 
implementation of the IFRS 16 principle, on 31 March 2019, caused an impact on the CET 1, equal to -
8 base points. 
It is important to highlight that a particular attention should be given towards other interventions on the 
accounting regulations, particularly the new international principle IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments",

--- Page 28 ---
28 
which replaced the IAS 39 as per the classification and measurement of the financial instruments. Such 
principle, which has been approved by means of Regulation (EU) 2067/2016, entered into force on 1 
January 2018. 
For an in depth analysis of the IFRS 9, the relevant implementation project and the effects of its first 
application (FTA) we refer to the chapter on "The transition to the international accounting principle 
IFRS 9" included in the balance sheet as of 31 December 2018. We would like to underline that, upon 
the first application of the principle, the main impacts for Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the 
enforcement of the new impairment accounting model (based on the concept of "expected loss" instead 
of the approach of the "incurred loss", previously envisaged by IAS 39), which caused an increase of the 
value adjustments. 
Also with reference to the application of the IFRS 9, we observe that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as 
mainly a banking financial conglomerate, has decided to avail itself of the option of application of the so 
called "Deferral Approach" (or Temporary Exemption), by virtue of which the financial assets and 
liabilities of the insurance subsidiary Companies continue to be registered on the balance sheet under the 
provisions of IAS 39, awaiting the entry into force of the new international accounting principle on 
insurance agreements (IFRS 17), which is scheduled for 20233. 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle please refer to the specific qualitative and 
quantitative information included in the chapter "Notes to the consolidated financial statements –Part A 
– Accounting policies” of the annual report as of 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020". 
2. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE SECURITIES BEING OFFERED 
AND/OR ADMITTED TO TRADING 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Securities issued under this Base 
Prospectus to be offered and/or admitted to trading. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1) Risks related to the nature of the Securities; 
2) Risks related to the Underlying; 
3) Specific risks related to Certificates; 
4) Specific risks related to Warrants;  
5) Risks related to Securities generally; and 
6) Risks related to the offer to the public and/or admission of the Securities to trading on a 
regulated market. 
2.1 
Risks related to the nature of the Securities 
The Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
 
3 On 25 June 2020, the IASB published the final version of the "Amendments to IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts" which 
confirmed the deferral of the date of first-time adoption of the Standard to 1 January 2023 (instead of 1 January 2022 
previously proposed in the ED 2019/4), with the concurrent possibility of an extension to the same date of the 
“Deferral approach” in the application of IFRS 9. This was endorsed by the European Commission with the 
publication of Regulation 2097/2020 “Extension of the Temporary Exemption from Applying IFRS 9 (amendments 
to IFRS 4)” on 15 December 2020.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Each potential investor in the Certificates must determine the suitability of the investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to evaluate the Certificates, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Certificates and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to the Base Prospectus and all information 
contained in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Certificates and the impact that the 
Certificates will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Certificates, including Certificates with amounts payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the Settlement Currency is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Certificates and be familiar with any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Index Securities, Share Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Interest Rate 
Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, Fund Securities, Commodity Securities, Govies Securities or 
Combined Securities may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional 
securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in "Risks related 
to the structure of a particular issue of Securities" set out below. 
Certificates are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Certificates which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Certificates will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of the Certificates and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
Regulatory restrictions with regard to certain types of Certificates 
The BRRD II and the SRMR II have detailed the scope of liabilities that are intended to be eligible for 
the purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"). In particular, 
according to Article 45b para. 2 of the BRRD II and Article 12c par. 2 of the SRMR II, certain types 
of Certificates may be considered as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as 
defined below). 
As a consequence, in relation to Certificates that may be considered as eligible liabilities according to 
such Articles, all the provisions concerning the eligible liabilities set out in the BRRD II, in the SRMR II 
and in the CRR II, should be deemed applicable for the Certificates which satisfy the conditions set out 
the in the MREL Requirements.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Certificates intended to be eligible are subject to certain restrictions. In particular, the respective 
Securityholders are not entitled to set off claims arising from such Certificates against any of the Issuer’s 
claims. No security of whatever kind and no guarantee is, or shall at any time be, provided by the Issuer 
or other entities related to the Issuer, which enhances the seniority of the claims under these Certificates. 
Furthermore, the early redemption and the repurchase of Certificates that are intended to be eligible for 
the purposes of MREL are subject to specific restrictions such as the prior consent of the competent 
authority. Further, termination rights, if any, are excluded for the respective Securityholders, other than 
in the case of the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under all relevant laws and regulations amended 
from time to time, which are and will be applicable to it. 
These restrictions limit the rights of the Securityholders and might expose them to the risk that their 
investment will have a lower potential return than expected. 
In addition, the BRRD II, the SRMR II and the CRR II have been recently adopted and there is uncertainty 
as to their implementation and interpretation in the relevant Member States. 
Option risk 
The Certificates are derivative financial instruments which may include an option right and which, 
therefore, have many characteristics in common with options. Transactions in options involve a high level 
of risk. An investor who intends to trade in options must first of all understand the functioning of the 
types of contracts which he intends to trade in (for example, call options and put options). An investment 
in options constitutes a highly volatile investment and there is a high likelihood that the option may have 
no value whatsoever at expiration. In such case, the investor would lose the entire amount used to 
purchase the option (known as the "premium"). 
An investor who is considering the purchase of a call option over an Underlying, the market price of 
which is much lower than the price at which the exercise of the option would be opportune (known as 
"deep out of the money"), must consider that the possibility that the exercise of the option will become 
profitable is remote. Likewise, an investor who is considering the purchase of a put option over an 
Underlying, the market price of which is much higher than the price at which the exercise of the option 
would be opportune, must consider that the possibility that the exercise of the option will become 
profitable is remote. 
The Certificates include some options on the Underlying(s). The amount potentially paid or deliverable 
on exercise will depend on the value of such options. Prior to the expiration of a Certificate, a variation 
in the value of the relevant options may involve a reduction in the value of such Certificate. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the Securities in the Settlement Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Settlement Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Settlement Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to 
the Settlement Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Securities, 
(ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the Combined Amount in respect of the Securities and 
(iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Securities. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls

--- Page 31 ---
31 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, the Combined Amount that investors 
may receive may be less than expected or zero. 
The above risks may be increased for currencies of emerging market jurisdictions. 
2.2 
Risks related to the Underlying 
General risks and risks relating to the Underlying 
The Securities involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign 
exchange, time value and political risks. Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a partial or total loss 
of the purchase price of their Securities. This risk reflects the nature of a Security as an asset which, other 
factors held constant, tends to decline in value over time and which may become worthless on expiration. 
See "Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Securities" below. Prospective purchasers 
of Securities should be experienced with respect to options and option transactions, should understand 
the risks of transactions involving the relevant Securities and should reach an investment decision only 
after careful consideration with their advisers of the suitability of such Securities in light of their particular 
financial circumstances, the information set forth herein, the information regarding the relevant Securities 
and the particular Underlying. 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Security upon expiration means that, in order 
to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of a Security must generally be 
correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant 
Underlying. Assuming all other factors are held constant, the lower the value of a Security and the shorter 
its remaining term to expiration, the greater the risk that purchasers of such Security will lose all or part 
of their investment. The only means through which a holder can realise value from such Security prior to 
the Exercise Date in relation to such Security is to sell it at its then market price in an available secondary 
market. See "Possible illiquidity of the Securities in the secondary market" below. 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant Underlying will affect the value of the Securities. Purchasers of 
Securities risk losing their entire investment if the value of the relevant underlying basis of reference does 
not move in the anticipated direction. 
The Issuer may issue several issues of Securities relating to various reference indices, exchange rates, 
shares, funds, interest rates, commodities, or future contracts, as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. At any given time, the number of Securities outstanding may be substantial. Securities provide 
opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a result of fluctuations in the value of the 
underlying investment. In general, certain of the risks associated with the Securities are similar to those 
generally applicable to other options of private corporate issuers. Options or Securities on equities or debt 
securities are priced primarily on the basis of the value of underlying securities. The trading value of 
Commodity Securities is likely to reflect primarily present and expected values of the commodity (or 
basket of commodities). 
The Securities do not represent a claim against any Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other 
connected person in respect of an Underlying) and Securityholders will not have any right of recourse 
under the Securities to any such Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person 
in respect of an Underlying). The Securities are in no way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, 
sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying and such entities have no 
obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on any Securityholders. 
Risk arising from the Benchmark Regulation

--- Page 32 ---
32 
The Underlying or a Basket Constituent may qualify as a benchmark (the "Benchmark") within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 8 June 2016 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation"). According to the Benchmark Regulation, a 
Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or is based in a 
non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to applicable transitional provisions) does not satisfy the 
"equivalence" conditions (according to Article 30 of the BMR), is not "recognised" pending such a 
decision (according to Article 32 of the BMR) and is not "endorsed" for such purpose (according to 
Article 33 of the BMR). Consequently, it might be not possible to further utilise a Benchmark as 
Underlying or Basket Constituent of the Securities. In such event, depending on the particular Benchmark 
and the applicable terms of the Securities, the Securities could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to 
maturity or otherwise impacted. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation could have a material adverse 
effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with the Benchmark Regulation. Such factors 
may have the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such Benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the Benchmarks; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposal 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
the amount payable under the Securities. 
The potential elimination of a Benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of such 
Benchmark, as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or otherwise, could require an adjustment to the 
terms and conditions, or result in other consequences. These reforms and changes may cause a 
Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or be discontinued. The application of the 
fallback methods may expose investors to certain risks including, but not limited to (i) conflicts of interest 
of the Calculation Agent when making the required adjustments to the Securities, or (ii) the replacement 
of the Underlying or Basket Constituent with a different Underlying or Basket Constituent which could 
perform differently than the original Underlying or Basket Constituent and therefore affect amounts 
payable in respect of the Securities, or (iii) the early redemption of the Securities. 
Investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under the Securities. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in 
making any investment decision with respect to the Securities linked to a Benchmark. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Securities 
The Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Securities) or the value of the Entitlement (less, 
in the case of Warrants, the Premium) (in the case of Physical Delivery Securities) at any time prior to 
expiration is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Securities at that time. The 
difference between the trading price and the Cash Settlement Amount or the Physical Delivery, as the 
case may be, will reflect, among other things, a "time value" for the Securities. The "time value" of the 
Securities will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to expiration and expectations 
concerning the value of the Underlying. Securities offer hedging and investment diversification 
opportunities but also pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Securities varies with the price of the Underlying, as well as by a number of other interrelated factors, 
including those specified herein. 
Before exercising (in the case of Warrants) or selling Securities, Securityholders should carefully 
consider, among other things, (i) the trading price of the Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the 
Underlying, (iii) the time remaining to expiration, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable 
range of Cash Settlement Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if 
applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the 
Underlying and (viii) any related transaction costs. 
Certain considerations regarding hedging 
Prospective purchasers intending to purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with 
investing in an underlying asset, should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this manner. 
For example, the value of the Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the underlying asset 
which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the 
Securities, there is no assurance that their value will correlate with movements of the underlying asset 
which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these reasons, among others, it may not be 
possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any 
relevant index or basket. 
The Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents may from time to time hedge the Issuer's 
obligations under such Securities (and under other instruments and OTC contracts issued by or entered 
into from time to time by the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents relating to such 
securities) by taking positions, directly or indirectly, in the underlying asset. Although the Issuer has no 
reason to believe that such hedging activities will have a material impact on the price of any underlying, 
there can be no assurance that such hedging activities will not adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Share Securities 
An investment in Share Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On redemption or exercise, as the case may be, of Share Securities, Holders 
will receive an amount (if any) determined by reference to the value of the share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs 
and/or the physical delivery of a given number of share(s), GDRs and/or ADR/s. Accordingly, an 
investment in Share Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment and investors 
should take advice accordingly. Share Securities pay amounts calculated by reference to the value of the 
underlying share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs. 
In the case of Share Securities, no issuer of the underlying shares will have participated in the preparation 
of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities and neither the Issuer nor any 
Manager will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any 
information concerning any such issuer of shares contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from 
which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring 
prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the 
publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would 
affect the trading price of the share, GDRs and/or ADRs will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent 
disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning 
such an issuer of shares could affect the trading price of the share, GDRs and/or ADRs and therefore the 
trading price of the Securities. 
Except as provided in the Conditions in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, Securityholders will not 
have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
relevant shares to which such Securities relate. 
Certain considerations associated with Exchange Rate Securities 
An Investment in Exchange Rate Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment 
in a conventional debt security. Fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of Exchange Rate 
Securities. Currency values related to the exchange rates may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of an exchange rate, 
regardless of other market forces (see "Exchange rate risks and exchange controls" below). Purchasers 
of Securities risk losing their entire investment if the relevant exchange rates do not move in the 
anticipated direction. 
Certain considerations associated with Fund Securities 
An investment in Fund Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. An investment in Fund Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct 
investment in the relevant fund(s) and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Certain considerations associated with Futures Contract Securities 
An investment in Futures Contract Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an 
investment in a conventional debt security. The yield on Securities which are linked to futures contracts 
may not be perfectly correlated to the trend in the price of the underlying asset of the future contract, as 
the use of futures contracts generally involves a rolling mechanism. This means that any futures contracts 
which expire prior to the relevant payment date under the applicable underlying securities are replaced 
with futures contracts that have a later expiry date. Investors may, therefore, only marginally benefit from 
any rise or fall in the price of the underlying asset of the future contract. 
In addition, the trend of futures contracts may differ significantly from that of the underlying asset's spot 
markets. In relation to commodity futures contracts, the trend in the price of a futures contracts compared 
to the underlying commodity is closely linked to the present and future level of production of the 
underlying commodity, or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly in the case of energy 
linked products. In addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract may not be considered 
an accurate prediction of a market price, since it also includes so-called "carrying costs" (for example, 
warehouse or insurance costs). These factors substantially explain the imperfect correlation between 
commodity spot markets and commodity futures contracts. 
If the feature Futures Contract First Near-by is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer will be entitled to determine the Initial Reference Value on the basis of a Futures Contract First 
Near-by, i.e. the futures contract that has the same features of the Futures Contract indicated as 
Underlying, and has an expiration date which is the closest to the Determination Date. Since the Issuer 
will not make any adjustment to the price of the Securities following such rollover, investors should 
consider that the price of the futures contract used before the rollover may be different from the price of 
the futures contract used after the rollover. 
Certain considerations associated with Commodity Securities 
An investment in Commodity Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct commodity investment 
and potential investors should take advice accordingly. The movements in the price of the Commodity 
may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies 
or other indices.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
The price of Commodities may be affected by economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which the relevant 
Commodities may be traded. 
Certain considerations associated with Index Securities 
An investment in Index Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. The underlying index may be a well-known and widely published index or an 
index which may not be widely published or available. The index may reference, among others, equities, 
bonds, currency exchange rates or other securities or it may be a property index referencing certain 
property price data which will be subject to market price fluctuations or it may reference a number of 
different assets or indices. A property index may include valuations only and not actual transactions and 
the property data sources used to compile the index may be subject to change, which may adversely affect 
the return on the Securities. In addition, the property index may be sponsored and/or calculated by the 
Issuer or one of its affiliates. 
Certain considerations associated with Interest Rate Securities 
An investment in Interest Rate Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment 
in a conventional debt security. On exercise of Interest Rate Securities, Securityholders will receive an 
amount (if any) determined by reference to the value of the underlying interest rate(s). Accordingly, an 
investment in Interest Rate Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the 
underlying interest rate and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Certain considerations associated with Govies Securities 
An investment in Govies Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the relevant 
government/supranational bond. The movements in the value of such bond or in its yield may be affected 
by economic, financial and political events in the relevant country or regional area. The credit ratings of 
the relevant country may change and any ratings downgrade could adversely affect the value of the 
underlying bond and, therefore, the value of the Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Combined Securities 
An investment in Combined Securities will entail significant risks depending on the specific underlying 
assets. The risk associated with the aforementioned types should be considered in accordance with the 
specific financial assets of each issue and investors should take advice accordingly. 
2.3 
Specific risks related to Certificates 
Loss risk in relation to the investment 
The investor shall consider that, in relation to their investment, there is a risk of loss of the capital invested 
depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In particular, if the relevant Final Terms provides 
a Barrier Level, the investor shall consider that, in the event of a negative performance of the underlying 
asset at the Valuation Date or a negative Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or a negative 
Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), in the event a Barrier Event or a 
Barrier Gap Event (in the case of Gap Certificates) has occurred, a loss will occur in respect of the capital 
invested. If the Final Reference Value of the underlying asset is equal to zero, the investor might suffer 
a total loss of the capital. Moreover, if prior to the exercise the investor decides to terminate the 
investment in the Certificates, the investor might be subject to the loss of the value of the certificate and, 
therefore, might be subject to the total or partial loss of the investment.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Certain considerations associated with Securities providing for the application of a Multiplier 
The Securities may provide for the application to the relevant Underlying of a Multiplier in order to 
increase or decrease the percentage of each Underlying used to determine the amounts payable or 
deliverable to investors. The Multiplier may be lower than 100 per cent. 
In such case, the amounts payable or deliverable to investors will be reduced and, therefore, will 
contribute to the yield of the Securities only to such reduced extent. The performance of the relevant 
reference item(s) will, therefore, impact the yield of the Securities only to a limited extent. 
Certain considerations associated with Securities providing for the application of a cap  
The Securities may provide for the application of a maximum return payable to investors or of a maximum 
value or level to the relevant Underlying(s). 
In such case, the amounts payable to investors will be subject to the predetermined maximum. If the 
relevant Underlying(s) outperforms the predetermined maximum, this will not be taken into consideration 
when calculating the amount payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
The Cash Settlement Amount or the physical delivery of the Entitlement may be less than the value 
of an investment in the Securities 
Each Securityholder may receive a Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, and/or physical delivery of 
the Entitlement (only in case of Share Securities) the aggregate value of which may be less than the value 
of the Securityholder's investment in the relevant Securities. In certain circumstances Securityholders 
may lose the entire value of their investment. 
Risk related to a protection level lower than 100% or a protection amount lower than the Issue 
Price 
The Certificates may provide a protection level or a protection amount. The protection level represents 
the protection percentage of the Initial Reference Value of the Certificate and that the Cash Settlement 
Amount will not fall below such protection level. The protection amount represents the minimum amount 
of Cash Settlement Amount that the investor will receive. The lower the protection level or the protection 
amount, the higher the loss (if any) that the investor might suffer given that the Issue Price of the 
Certificate will not be entirely protected and the Cash Settlement Amount at the Exercise Date might be 
lower than the Issue Price. 
Exchange Rate risk related to the absence of a Quanto Option  
The investment in Cash Settled Securities which do not provide a Quanto Option (i.e. Non Quanto 
Securities) when the Underlying Reference Currency of the underlying asset differs from the Settlement 
Currency may entail risks related to the exchange rate.  
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Redemption Amounts or Remuneration Amounts or 
Corridor Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital Payment and the relevant events will be determined by 
exchanging the Underlying Reference Currency in the Settlement Currency at the applicable Exchange 
Rate. Therefore, without a Quanto Option, any adverse variation of the Exchange Rate might frustrate 
either the performance of the underlying asset at maturity and the returns linked to a remuneration amount 
and might determine a loss of the capital invested.  
In the case of Cash Settled Securities without a Quanto Option (i.e. Non Quanto Securities), any adverse 
variation of the exchange rate might also reduce the effect of total or partial protection on the capital

--- Page 37 ---
37 
invested (depending on the structure of the product) represented by such protection. In fact, the Cash 
Settlement Amount at the maturity (and, therefore, the protection level that is part of the calculation of 
such amount of Settlement, subject to certain conditions) shall be determined by exchanging the 
Underlying Reference Currency into the Settlement Currency at the applicable Exchange Rate with the 
consequence of suffering the decrease in value of the Underlying Reference Currency of the underlying 
asset in respect of the Settlement Currency.  
Conversely, in case of Quanto Securities, the Underlying Reference Currency is in any case 
conventionally denominated in the Settlement Currency and the Exchange Rate is not applicable and 
therefore the effects of the Exchange Rates on the amount paid in relation to the Securities are neutralised. 
However, it cannot be excluded that the variations on the Exchange Rates might have negative effects on 
the performance of the underlying asset and therefore, indirectly, also on the Securities with the Quanto 
Option. 
Risk relating to Dual Currency Securities 
An investment in Dual Currency Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment 
in a conventional debt security. In particular, the Cash Settlement Amount and the Remuneration 
Amount(s) are payable in a currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Settlement Currency) 
which is different from the currency in which the Certificates are denominated (the Issue Currency). 
Currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in the Cash Settlement Amount and/or Remuneration Amount(s) and the timing of changes in the 
exchange rates may affect the actual return to investors. 
Therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currencies (i.e. the Issue Currency and the 
Settlement Currency) will affect the value of Dual Currency Securities, and may determine a loss of the 
capital invested.  
Risk relating to Dual Currency FX Certificates 
An investment in Dual Currency FX Certificates will entail significant risks not associated with an 
investment in a conventional debt security. In particular, upon occurrence of a Barrier Event, the Cash 
Settlement Amount may be payable in a currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Dual 
Currency) which is different from the currency in which the Certificates are denominated (the Issue 
Currency). 
Currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in the Cash Settlement Amount and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual 
return to investors. 
Therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currencies (i.e. the Issue Currency and the Dual 
Currency) will affect the value of Dual Currency FX Certificates, and may determine a loss of the capital 
invested.  
Price risk and components that determine the value of the Certificates 
The Certificates are composed of a combination of several options and the Securityholder shall take into 
account that the value of the Certificates will depend on the value of each option composing the 
certificate. The fluctuation over time of the value of each optional components (and therefore of the 
Certificates) mostly depends on the current value of the underlying asset to which the Certificates relate, 
the volatility of the underlying asset, the residual life of the options composing the Certificates, the levels

--- Page 38 ---
38 
of the interest rates of the monetary markets, the expected dividends (in the case of Share Securities), the 
correlation (in the event that the underlying asset is a Basket or a Basket of Baskets) as well as the business 
of the Issuer of the underlying asset, speculative contractions and other factors. 
An increase in the value of the underlying asset might determine an increase in the price of the 
Certificates. Moreover, such determinations are uncertain as the effect on the price of the Certificates is 
given by the implicit optional structure that takes into account the possibility that an event linked to the 
payment of a Remuneration Amount as well as a Barrier Event (or a Barrier Gap Event) may occur during 
the life of the certificate. Prior to the maturity of the certificate, the value of the options might decrease 
and therefore it will affect the value of the certificate or some of them might expire. 
The value of the Underlying may vary during the course of time and may increase or decrease as the 
consequence of several factors including corporate transactions, distribution of dividends, 
microeconomic factors and speculative negotiations. Changes in the value of the underlying asset may 
affect the trading price of the Certificates but it not possible to foresee if the value of the Underlying will 
suffer from decreasing or increasing variations. Furthermore, the price of the Certificates might be 
influenced (in case of listing after offering) by the underwriting and/or placement commissions that will 
be paid to the Managers and/or the Lead Manager and/or the or distribution commissions the will be paid 
to the Distributor. The price of the Certificates might be negatively influenced by the worsening of the 
asset stability of the Issuer. 
Risk related to the Participation Factor, the Up Participation Factor and Down Participation 
Factor 
If the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated on the basis of the Participation Factor, which is a value 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms that may be lower than, equal to or higher than 
100%, such Participation Factor determines the potential return of the Certificates. If it is lower than 
100%, the investor will partially benefit from the positive performance (or from the negative performance 
in case of Short Strategy) of the Underlying. 
If the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in relation to the Up Participation Factor and Down 
Participation Factor, the return deriving from the positive performance of the Underlying (respectively, 
positive performance in case of Long Strategy and negative performance in case of Short Strategy) will 
depend on the Up Participation Factor, which may be lower than 100%. If it is lower than 100%, the 
investor will partially benefit from the positive performance of the Underlying. Conversely, the return 
deriving from the negative performance of the Underlying (respectively, negative performance in case of 
Long Outperformance Certificates and positive performance in case of Short Outperformance 
Certificates) will depend on the Down Participation Factor, which may be higher than 100%. If it is higher 
than 100%, the negative impact of the negative performance of the Underlying will be amplified. 
Risk related to the Digital Level  
In relation to the Certificates, the Issuer may set, at its own discretion, one or more Digital Levels higher, 
equal or lower than the Initial Reference Value. In particular, the higher the Digital Level is set in respect 
of the Initial Reference Value (or the lower, in case of Short Strategy), the greater the possibility that a 
Digital Event will not occur and therefore that the relevant Digital Amount will not be paid.  
In relation to the Cliquet Feature, the investor should also consider that the Digital Level might change 
in relation to one or more Digital Valuation Periods and, in relation to each Digital Level, a different 
Digital Amount may be provided. 
If an Up Range Digital Level and a Down Range Digital Level are specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the possibility that a Digital Event will not occur and therefore that the relevant Digital Amount will not

--- Page 39 ---
39 
be paid will depend on how the Up Range Digital Level and the Down Range Digital Level will be set 
by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and on whether the value of the Underlying will be closer (in 
case it is represented by a value falling within the range) or more distant (in case it is represented by a 
value falling out of the range) in respect of the Initial Reference Value.  
Risk related to the Participation Remuneration Level  
In relation to the Certificates to be issued, the Issuer may set, at its own discretion, one or more 
Participation Remuneration Levels higher or lower than the Initial Reference Value of the relevant 
underlying asset. In particular, the higher the Participation Remuneration Level is set in respect of the 
Initial Reference Value (or the lower, in case of Short Strategy), the greater the possibility that a 
Participation Remuneration Event will not occur and therefore that the relevant Participation 
Remuneration Amount will not be paid.  
In relation to the Cliquet Feature, the investors should also consider that the Participation Remuneration 
Level might change in relation to one or more Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods.  
If an Up Range Participation Remuneration Level and a Down Range Participation Remuneration Level 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms, the possibility that a Participation Remuneration Event will not 
occur and therefore that the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount will not be paid will depend on 
how the Up Range Participation Remuneration Level and the Down Range Participation Remuneration 
Level will be set by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and on whether the value of the Underlying 
will be closer (in case it is represented by a value falling within the range) or more distant (in case it is 
represented by a value falling out of the range) in respect of the Initial Reference Value.  
Risk related to the Knock-out Feature 
In relation to any Remuneration Amount, a Knock-out Feature may be applicable if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In this case, if the Knock-out Event occurs, the Remuneration Amount provided in 
relation to either such Knock-out Valuation Period and/or the valuation period(s) following such Knock-
out Valuation Period will be deactivated and will not be paid. In relation to the Knock-out Feature, the 
Issuer will set, at its own discretion, one or more Knock-out Levels higher, equal or lower than the Initial 
Reference Value of the relevant underlying asset. In particular, the closer the Knock-out Level is set in 
respect of the Initial Reference Value, the greater the possibility that a Knock-out Event will occur and 
therefore that the relevant Remuneration Amount will not be paid.  
Risk related to the Knock-in Feature 
In relation to any Remuneration Amount, a Knock-in Feature may be applicable if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In this case, if the Knock-in Event does not occur, the Remuneration Amount 
provided will not be activated and therefore will not be paid. In relation to the Knock-in Feature, the 
Issuer will set, at its own discretion, one or more Knock-in Levels higher, equal or lower than the Initial 
Reference Value of the relevant underlying asset. In particular, the higher the Knock-in Level is set in 
respect of the Initial Reference Value (or the lower, in case of Short Strategy), the greater the possibility 
that a Knock-in Event will not occur and therefore that the relevant Remuneration Amount will not be 
paid.  
Risk related to the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Certificates will be redeemed earlier than the Exercise Date 
(and therefore terminated). In such case, the Securityholders will receive the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date and no other amounts will be paid. Investors should consider

--- Page 40 ---
40 
that the Early Redemption Amount to be paid to the Securityholder may be either an amount 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms or an amount that will depend on the value of the 
relevant underlying asset.  
If the Early Redemption Amount is an amount predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, 
such amount will not depend on the value of the relevant underlying asset and, therefore, the potential 
positive performance (or the negative performance, in case of Short Strategy) of such underlying asset 
will not be considered. If the Early Redemption Amount is an amount that depends on the value of the 
relevant underlying asset, the investor shall consider that there is a risk of loss of the capital invested 
depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In addition, in the event that the relevant 
underlying asset is registering a positive performance when and Early Redemption Event occurs, 
investors should consider that it may not be possible to reinvest in such underlying asset at the same 
conditions applied to the initial investment made in the Certificates. 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, investors should also consider that there is a risk of total loss of the 
capital invested depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In particular, if an Early 
Redemption Event occurs, the Certificates will be exercised automatically and will expire worthless 
immediately. The Securityholder will not receive any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will be 
always equal to 0 (zero). 
Furthermore, if the value of the Underlying is calculated as Intraday Value, the Underlying will be 
observed on a continuous basis and the probability that an Early Redemption Event occurs may be 
magnified. 
Risk related to the Early Partial Capital Payment  
The Securities may provide for the application of an Early Partial Capital Payment. In such case, the 
Securityholder will receive part of the Issue Price on the Early Partial Capital Payment Date specified in 
the Final Terms. 
The investors should therefore consider that, in relation to their investment, the Cash Settlement Amount 
will be adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount after the relevant Early Partial Capital Payment Date. 
Therefore, Early Partial Capital Payment might frustrate investment strategies pursued by the investors, 
by reducing their exposure (proportionately to the Early Partial Capital Payment Amount paid from time 
to time) to any potential gain arising out of the positive performance of the Underlying.  
Risk related to the Barrier Event and the Barrier Gap Event 
The Barrier Event or the Barrier Gap Event (in the case of Gap Certificates) indicates the achievement 
by one or more underlying assets of a value equal to, higher than or lower than the Barrier Level or below 
the Lower Barrier Level or higher than the Upper Barrier Level, or the Barrier Gap Level, respectively, 
on the Barrier Event Determination Period (or/and on a Valuation Date) or on a Barrier Gap Observation 
Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. If a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap Event occurs, the Cash 
Settlement Amount will be determined in accordance with a calculation method other than the calculation 
method applicable if the Barrier Event or the Barrier Gap Event does not occur and such circumstance 
may have a negative influence on the price. For example, if the relevant Final Terms do not provide a 
Protection Level or an Air Bag Factor or other similar features, upon occurrence of the Barrier Event, the 
Cash Settlement Amount will be linked only to the performance of the underlying asset. This may entail 
the risk of partial or total loss of the investment.  
The Securityholder shall consider that the occurrence of a Barrier Event or the Barrier Gap Event will 
also depend on the volatility of the underlying asset i.e. the more frequent and intense the fluctuations in

--- Page 41 ---
41 
the value of the underlying asset during the life of the Certificates are, the higher the volatility will be 
and the greater the chance that the value of the underlying asset will reach the Barrier Level or the Barrier 
Gap Level and therefore a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap Event will occur. In relation to the Certificates 
to be issued, the Issuer might set, at its own discretion, a Barrier Level or a Barrier Gap Level. 
Furthermore, if the value of the Underlying is calculated as Intraday Value, the underlying asset(s) will 
be observed on a continuous basis and the probability that a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap Event occurs 
may be magnified. 
Finally, if the applicable Final Terms provide for the payment of one or more Premium Gap Amount 
payable to the investor during the life of the Gap Certificates, the investor should consider that after the 
occurrence of the Barrier Gap Event the Premium Gap Amount will be determined on the basis of the 
actual number of days within the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period and not on the basis of all 
the days of the relevant Premium Determination Period and after the payment of the Premium Gap 
Amount that will be paid on the first Premium Payment Date following the Barrier Gap Event Date on 
which a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, no further Premium Gap Amount will be paid to the investors. 
Risk related to the Predetermined Loss Percentage  
In relation to the Certificates, the Predetermined Loss Percentage option may be also included together 
with the Barrier Level. If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Cash Settlement Amount will depend on the 
Predetermined Loss Percentage. Consequently, the lower the Predetermined Loss Percentage the smaller 
the Cash Settlement Amount that the investor will receive on the Settlement Date. 
Risk related to Digital Certificates 
The investor shall consider that, in relation to the Digital Certificates, there is a risk of total loss of the 
capital invested depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In particular, if the Settlement 
Event does not occur, the investor will not receive any Settlement Amount and will lose the entire capital 
invested.  
Furthermore, if a Settlement Event occurs, the Cash Settlement Amount to be paid to the Securityholder 
will not depend on the value of the Underlying, but it will be a predetermined amount dependant on a 
percentage of the Issue Price specified as "Digital Percentage" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Risk related to the Best Of Feature and Worst Of Feature 
In relation to the Best Of Feature, for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount 
and/or a Remuneration Amount and/or the determination of the Early Redemption Event, the Issuer will 
indicate in the relevant Final Terms whether it will be considered the underlying financial asset with the 
first best performance, second best performance or third best performance and so on. 
In the case of Best Of Feature, the lower the Issuer selects the performance among the financial activities 
(First Best Of, Second Best Of, etc.), the lower will be the amount that the investor will receive.  
In relation to the Worst Of Feature, for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount 
and/or a Remuneration Amount and/or the determination of the Early Redemption Event, the Issuer will 
indicate in the relevant Final Terms whether it will be considered the underlying financial asset with the 
first worst performance, second worst performance or third worst performance and so on.  
In the case of Worst Of Feature, the higher the Issuer selects the performance among the financial 
activities (First Worst Of, Second Worst Of, etc.), the lower will be the amount that the investor will 
receive.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Risk related to Baskets – Risk related to the Rainbow Feature – Correlation risk 
The investor shall take into account that in the case of a Basket, the value and the return of the Certificates 
depends on the value of each Basket Constituents, the weighting allocated to each Basket Constituents 
and the correlation between the Basket Constituent. The investor shall consider that in the case of a 
Basket, a different weighting allocated to the Basket Constituents entails a higher or lower value of the 
Basket. In the case of a Rainbow Feature, unlike the financial instruments that normally are linked to one 
or more Basket(s), the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms (i) the financial assets that represent 
the Basket Constituents, (ii) the relative weighting within the Basket without a preliminary indication of 
the relevant allocation to a specific financial asset and (iii) the predetermined criteria pursuant to which 
the allocation among the weights will be made by the Calculation Agent (providing, for instance, in a 
Basket composed of three financial assets, the Basket would be weighted as follows: 50% for the Basket 
Constituent with the best performance; 30% for the Basket Constituent with the worst performance; and 
20% for a Basket Constituent with the second best performance). For each determination period (during 
the life of the Certificates and at the exercise date) the Calculation Agent will allocate the weights to the 
relevant Basket Constituents on the basis of the performance recorded in that relevant determination 
period and in accordance with the objective criteria provided in the relevant Final Terms. The allocation 
of the weights might result differently on each determination date pursuant to the performance of each 
Basket Constituents. Once the Calculation Agent has determined the weighting of the Basket on the 
relevant determination date, the Calculation Agent will determine the total value of the Basket in 
accordance with the methods applied for the financial instruments normally linked to the Baskets. 
Therefore the Rainbow Feature entails that the Basket will have a variable weighting for all the life of 
the Certificates depending on the performance of the Basket Constituents and, consequently, it will affect 
the total value of the Basket. The investor shall consider that in the case of Rainbow Feature, upon 
variation of even only one Basket Constituent, the Reference Value of Basket recorded on a determination 
date might be completely different from a Reference Value recorded on a prior date. 
Furthermore, the higher the correlation between the Basket Constituents the higher the volatility of the 
value of the Basket and therefore the price of the Certificates. In particular, it will broaden on account of 
the bullish and bearish effects of the Basket Constituents on the value of such Basket. 
Risk related to management fees applied by the Issuer in case of Benchmark Certificates 
The Issuer may apply to the Benchmark Certificates an Annual Management Fee ("AMF") which will 
be determined on the basis of the AMF Percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Such fee will 
accrue proportionally to the tenor of the Certificates and will not be affected in any way by the 
performance of the Underlying. The AMF will be deducted from the Cash Settlement Amount, and in 
case of listing of the Certificates on an exchange the price of the Certificates will include such AMF, as 
accrued progressively.  
In conjunction with the AMF, the Issuer may also apply a Variable Management Fee ("VMF"), whose 
VMF Percentage (specified as a range in the relevant Final Terms) may vary during the life of the 
Certificates. Any variation of the VMF Percentage will be published by the Issuer on its website and by 
appropriate communication to the relevant exchange where the Certificates are listed/traded.  
Prospective investors in Benchmark Certificates should consider that, if the AMF (and, eventually also 
the VMF) are applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the daily value of the Underlying will be 
affected by such fees and, consequently, at maturity, the positive (or negative) performance of the 
Underlying during the life of the Certificates shall be considered net of the AMF (and of the VMF, as the 
case may be).  
Risks related to Turbo Certificates

--- Page 43 ---
43 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, the return on the Securities depends on the performance of the 
Underlying(s) and whether early redemption features apply. Additionally, the return may depend on other 
market factors such as interest rates, the implied volatility of the Underlying(s) and the time remaining 
until redemption. Turbo Certificates include a leverage feature that magnifies gains and losses. If the 
Underlying moves against expectations, Securityholders risk losing a greater proportion of their 
investment than if they had invested in a Security that is not leveraged. As a consequence, investors may 
be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, investors should also be aware that the Issuer may, at its discretion, 
perform the Reverse Split. In such case the number of Turbo Certificates will be aggregated and these 
Turbo Certificates will be converted into a smaller number of Turbo Certificates calculated by dividing 
the number of Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates by the Reverse Split Ratio. Although Reverse Splits are 
intended to provide additional liquidity to holders and to prevent the forced liquidation (and therefore 
complete exit) of a Turbo Certificate, Securityholders of Turbo Certificates should be aware that if such 
conversion entitles the Securityholder to a fraction of a Turbo Certificate, such fraction will be settled in 
cash. 
Risk related to the Restrike Feature 
In relation to the Restrike Feature, if a Restrike Event has occurred, the Initial Reference Value will be 
recalculated and set at the Restrike Percentage. Therefore, the amounts that the investor may receive, in 
case of Restrike Feature and upon occurrence of the Restrike Event, depend on the Restrike Percentage 
defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk related to the Call Option 
Prospective investors should consider that if the Certificates will be exercised upon the Exercise of the 
Call Option by the Issuer. Therefore, the exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer might frustrate long 
term investment strategies pursued by the investors.  
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the exercise 
of the Call Option by the Issuer may be subject to particular restrictions prescribed by the applicable laws 
and regulations at the relevant time, as described in Risk Factor “Early redemption and repurchase of the 
Certificates which qualify as MREL eligible liabilities may be restricted” below. 
Risk related to the early exercise of the Certificates following a MREL Disqualification Event  
If the Securities qualified as MREL eligible liabilities at the time of the issuance and subsequently become 
ineligible due to a change in MREL Requirements, then a MREL Disqualification Event will occur.  
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of such Certificates, 
the Issuer in its discretion may redeem all, but not some only, of the Certificates of such Series.  
If the Issuer should redeem such Certificates, the Securityholders will receive an amount which shall be 
equal to the fair market value of the Certificates (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities). Such 
Certificates may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions 
or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the relevant 
time. See "Early redemption and purchase of the Certificates which qualify as MREL eligible liabilities 
may be restricted" below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or 
a change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Date of the Certificates initially qualified as MREL eligible liabilities, all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Certificates are or will be excluded fully or partially from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In such case the Securityholders may be exposed to the risk that, due to the early redemption, their 
investment may have a lower than expected potential return and that it may not be possible to reinvest 
the amount received at the same conditions applied to the initial investment made in the Certificates. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Certificates which qualify as MREL eligible liabilities may 
be restricted 
Any early redemption or repurchase of Certificates intended to qualify as eligible liabilities under the 
MREL Requirements, is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the relevant time, including 
any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Securities at such time 
as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
The new regulatory framework, set out in Articles 77 and 78a of CRR II, provides that the relevant 
resolution authority shall grant permission to call, redeem, repay or repurchase liabilities that are eligible 
to meet the MREL Requirements (eligible liabilities instruments), prior their contractual maturity.  
In particular, according to such provisions the relevant resolution authority would approve an early 
redemption of the eligible liabilities in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the applicable MREL 
Requirements by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the applicable MREL Requirements 
actions for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the applicable laws and regulations, as adopted by the Republic of Italy. 
The BRRD II, the SRMR II and CRR II have been recently adopted and there are still some provisions 
related to Article 78a CRR II that need to be specified in Regulatory Technical Standards ("RTS") to be 
adopted by the European Banking Authority ("EBA"). The RTS require the EBA to develop the 
procedure — in terms of coordination between competent and resolution authorities, timelines and 
information — for relevant resolution authorities to follow to provide prior permission to banks to replace 
or reduce eligible liabilities instruments. Such new regulatory framework recently adopted leaves 
uncertainty as to its interpretation in the relevant Member States. 
Risks related to Certificates qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL 
Requirements which may be subject to modification without the Securityholders’ consent

--- Page 45 ---
45 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Certificates qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements and/or (ii) 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of the Italian 
Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving 
any consent required from, the competent authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Authority (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Securities of that Series), at any time 
vary the terms of such Securities so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Certificates 
(as defined below), provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Certificates are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Securityholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms 
of the Securities qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements. 
However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any 
particular Securityholders. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied 
securities could be different for some categories of Securityholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding the securities prior to such variation. 
Risk related to the Accumulated Amount's payment contingent upon occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event 
If an Early Redemption Level is applicable under the relevant Final Terms, and if so specified in such 
Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of an Early Redemption Event. 
As a result, even if one or more Accumulating Events have occurred, the Securityholders will not receive 
any Accumulated Amount unless an Early Redemption Event has occurred.  
Risks associated with Certificates with Open End Feature  
Certificates with Open End Feature do not have a pre-determined Excercise Date and may be redeemed 
upon exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer or the exercise of the Put Option by the investors, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Investment in Certificates with Open End Feature will entail 
additional risks compared with other Certificates, due to the fact that they do not have a prescribed tenor 
and Securityholders may receive a lower return than expected and depending on when the Certificates 
with Open End Feature are redeemed.   
Risk related to the Strike Percentage  
If the Cash Settlement Amount is calculated also on the basis of the Strike Percentage, which is a value 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms that may be lower than, equal to or higher than 
100%, such Strike Percentage contributes to the determination of the potential return of the Certificates. 
If it is higher than 100%, the positive performance of the Underlying will be considered partially in order 
to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount. Furthermore, in case of negative performance of the 
Underlying, if the Strike Percentage is equal to or higher than 100% the Cash Settlement Amount will be 
equal to zero. 
Impact of running structuring fees on the value of the Securities 
Investors should also note that running structuring fees may be applied by the Issuer in respect of the 
value of the Securities.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Such running structuring fees will not be affected in any way by the performance of the relevant 
Underlying. 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the running structuring fee (and, in the case, how such 
structuring fee will be charged). Prospective investors should consider that, if the running structuring fees 
are applicable, the value of the Securities will be affected by such fees also on the secondary markets.  
Impact of running commissions and costs on the value of the Securities 
Investors should be aware that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, there may be running 
commissions/costs, fixed or variable. In this case, the applicable Final Terms will specify any applicable 
details of such commissions/costs and to whom they will be due, if applicable. 
Prospective investors should consider that, if the running commissions/costs are applicable, the value of 
the Securities will be affected by such commissions/costs also on the secondary markets.  
Securities issued as "Green Certificates", "Social Certificates", "Sustainability Certificates" or 
"Climate Certificates" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets or social assets or sustainable assets  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Certificates under the Programme 
described as "green" ("Green Certificates"), "climate" ("Climate Certificates"), "social" ("Social 
Certificates"), "sustainability" ("Sustainability Certificates") in accordance with the principles set out 
by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles 
("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")), or in 
accordance with the Climate Bonds Standard set out by the Climate Bonds Initiative.  
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the 
Offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Certificates 
together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of 
that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or 
the Manager that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or 
combination of any green and social project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" 
or a "sustainable" project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") has 
been recently enacted. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social 
project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Certificates are to be applied will meet the 
investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" performance objectives (including those set out 
under the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any green or social or combination of any green and social 
project.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Certificates, Climate 
Certificates, Social Certificates and Sustainability Certificates, the Issuer may request a sustainability 
rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant 
green and/or low carbon and/or social and/or combination of any green and social project, as the case

--- Page 47 ---
47 
may be, have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and 
combination of any green and social projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-
party opinion regarding the suitability of the Certificates as an investment in connection with certain 
environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party 
Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Certificates or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds 
of the relevant issue of Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability 
Certificates. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the 
relevant Green Certificates or Climate Certificates or Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates and 
would only be current as of the date it is released. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect 
the value of such Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social 
or sustainable assets.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Certificates, 
Green Certificates, Climate Certificates or Sustainability Certificates in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, low carbon, social or 
combination of any green and social projects (either resulting from the original application of the 
proceeds of the Securities or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social 
Certificates or Sustainability Certificates will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and social projects 
will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer or that the originally designated green, low carbon, social or 
combination of any green and social project (or any project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation 
of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates 
or Sustainability Certificates) will not be disqualified as such. Any such event or failure by the Issuer 
(including any failure to comply with their reporting obligations or to obtain any assessment, opinion or 
certification, including the Second-party Opinion in relation to Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, 
Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates) and any actual or potential maturity mismatch between 
the green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Certificates may have been applied 
and the relevant Certificates, will not: (i) give rise to any claim of a Securityholder against the Issuer; (ii) 
constitute an event of default under the relevant Certificates; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem such Certificates or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise 
any optional redemption rights in respect of any Certificates; (iv) affect the qualification of such 
Certificates as eligible liabilities instruments (if applicable) or impact any of the features of such 
Certificates, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss 
absorption and/or flexibility of payments; (v) have any impact on the status of the Certificates as indicated 
in Condition 2; or (vi) prevent the applicability of the Italian Bail-In Power (or any other provision of the 
applicable banking regulations).  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social 
Certificates or Sustainability Certificates nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by 
the Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments due and the operation of any other features (as 
the case may be) on the relevant Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates or 
Sustainability Certificates shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any 
preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the 
Certificates are to be applied.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Any event described above or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates for any green, 
social or combination of any green and social projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of the Certificates and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Any failure by the Issuer to 
comply with their reporting obligations in relation to Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social 
Certificates or Sustainability Certificates, as applicable, will not constitute an event of default under the 
relevant Certificates.  
2.4 
Specific risks related to Warrants 
Loss risk in relation to the Covered Warrants 
An investment in Covered Warrants entails the risk of loss of the capital invested.  
In relation to Call Covered Warrants, in case of negative performance of the Underlying, if the Final 
Reference Value is lower than the Exercise Price, the investor will bear a total loss of the capital invested. 
Furthermore, if the Final Reference Value is higher than the Exercise Price, but not enough to offset the 
price paid for the purchase of the Covered Warrants, the investor will bear a partial loss of the capital 
invested. 
In relation to Put Covered Warrants, in case of positive performance of the Underlying, if the Final 
Reference Value is higher than the Exercise Price, the investor will bear a total loss of the capital invested. 
Furthermore, if the Final Reference Value is lower than the Exercise Price, but not enough to offset the 
price paid for the purchase of the Covered Warrants, the investor will bear a partial loss of the capital 
invested. 
Risk related to the Exercise Price  
The Cash Settlement Amount of the Covered Warrants will be calculated also on the basis of the Exercise 
Price, which is a value either predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms or communicated 
to investors on the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms through the relevant notice. Such Exercise 
Price contributes to the determination of the potential return of the Covered Warrants.  
Risk related to the Strike Percentage 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated on the basis of the Strike Percentage, which is a value 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms that may be lower than, equal to or higher than 
100%. Such Strike Percentage contributes to the determination of the potential return of the Warrants.  
In particular, in relation to Call Warrants, if it is higher than 100%, the positive performance of the 
Underlying will be considered partially in order to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount. Furthermore, 
in case of negative performance of the Underlying, if the Strike Percentage is equal to or higher than 
100% the Cash Settlement Amount will be equal to zero. 
In relation to Put Warrants, if it is lower than 100%, the negative performance of the Underlying will be 
considered partially in order to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount. Furthermore, in case of positive 
performance of the Underlying, if the Strike Percentage is lower than 100% the Cash Settlement Amount 
will be equal to zero. 
Risk related to the Interest Rate Warrants

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Prospective investors should consider that the payment of the Floating Amount and the Cash Settlement 
Amount will depend, among other things, on the Interest Cap. In particular, such rate will be detracted 
from the Reference Rate, reducing therefore the potential amount of the Floating Amount and/or the Cash 
Settlement Amount, as the case may be.  
The Floating Amount will also depend on the Notional Amount specified for the relevant Floating 
Amount Determination Period. In particular, the Notional Amount may vary on each Floating Amount 
Determination Period and the Floating Amount received at a later Floating Amount Payment Date may 
differ considerably from the Floating Amount received on the First Floating Amount Payment Date. 
Furthermore, for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount, also the Final Notional 
Amount is different from the Notional Amount considered for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Floating Amounts. 
Risk related to the Barrier Event (in case of Corridor Warrants) 
The Barrier Event indicates the achievement by one or more underlying assets of a value below the Lower 
Barrier Level or higher than the Upper Barrier Level, on the Barrier Event Determination Period. If a 
Barrier Event occurs, the term of the Securities will end immediately and the investors will only receive 
Corridor Early Amount which can equal to zero. This may entail the risk of partial or total loss of the 
investment.  
The Securityholder shall consider that the occurrence of a Barrier Event will also depend on the volatility 
of the underlying asset i.e. the more frequent and intense the fluctuations in the value of the underlying 
asset during the life of the Warrants are, the higher the volatility will be and the greater the chance that 
the value of the underlying asset will be below the Lower Barrier Level or higher than the Upper Barrier 
Level and therefore a Barrier Event will occur. In relation to the Warrants to be issued, the Issuer might 
set, at its own discretion, the Lower Barrier Level and the Upper Barrier Level. 
The Barrier Event could occur on any day within the Barrier Valuation Period, starting from the 
Determination Date (included) to the Valuation Date (included). Furthermore, if the value of the 
Underlying is calculated as Intraday Value, the underlying asset(s) will be observed on a continuous basis 
and the probability that a Barrier Event occurs may be magnified. 
Time lag after exercise 
In the case of any exercise of Warrants, there will be a time lag between the time a Warrant holder gives 
instructions to exercise, or the time the Warrant is automatically exercised, and the time the applicable 
Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Securities) relating to such 
exercise is determined. Any such delay between the time of exercise and the determination of the Cash 
Settlement Amount will be specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. However, such delay 
could be significantly longer, particularly in the case of a delay in exercise of Warrants arising from any 
daily maximum exercise limitation (in the case of American Style Warrants), the occurrence of a market 
disruption event or failure to open of an exchange or related exchange (if applicable) or following the 
imposition of any exchange controls or other similar regulations affecting the ability to obtain or 
exchange any relevant currency (or basket of currencies) in the case of Currency Warrants. The applicable 
Cash Settlement Amount may change significantly during any such period, and such movement or 
movements could decrease the Cash Settlement Amount of the Warrants being exercised and may result 
in such Cash Settlement Amount being zero. 
Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 50 ---
50 
If so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, a Warrantholder must tender or hold a specified number of 
Warrants at any one time in order to exercise. Thus, Warrantholders with fewer than the specified 
minimum number of Warrants will either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, 
incurring transaction costs in each case, in order to realise their investment. Furthermore, holders of such 
Warrants incur the risk that there may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants and the 
Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Securities) or the Entitlement (in 
the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery Securities) of such Warrants. 
Limitations on exercise 
In the case of American Style Warrants, if so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have 
the option to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable on any date (other than the final 
exercise date) to the maximum number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in conjunction with 
such limitation, to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable by any person or group of 
persons (whether or not acting in concert) on such date. In the event that the total number of American 
Style Warrants being exercised on any date (other than the final exercise date) exceeds such maximum 
number and the Issuer elects to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable on such date, a 
Warrant holder may not be able to exercise on such date all American Style Warrants that such holder 
desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of American Style Warrants to be exercised on such 
date will be reduced until the total number of American Style Warrants exercised on such date no longer 
exceeds such maximum, such American Style Warrants being selected at the discretion of the Issuer or 
in any other manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the American Style Warrants tendered for exercise but not exercised on such date will be 
automatically exercised on the next date on which American Style Warrants may be exercised, subject to 
the same daily maximum limitation and delayed exercise provisions. 
2.5 
Risks related to Securities generally 
Option to vary Settlement 
The Issuer may have an option to vary settlement in respect of the Securities, at its sole and unfettered 
discretion and may elect (1) not to pay the relevant Securityholders the Cash Settlement Amount, but to 
deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or (2) not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement, 
but to make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date to the relevant 
Securityholders. 
Modification 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders including 
Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Securityholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of 
Securityholders, agree to (i) any modification (subject to certain specific exceptions) of the Securities or 
the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders or (ii) any 
modification of the Securities or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Settlement Disruption Event 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Settlement Date, settlement will be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day on which no 
Settlement Disruption Event occurs. The Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the 
Settlement Disruption Amount (as defined in the Conditions) in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. Such 
a determination may have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant Securities. 
Expenses and taxation 
A holder of Securities must pay all Expenses relating to such Securities. As used in the Conditions, 
Expenses means all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer 
and/or other taxes or duties arising from the exercise and settlement of such Securities pursuant to the 
terms of such Securities as more fully set out in Condition 10. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Security by any 
person and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding  
The Issuer and other financial institutions through which payments on the Securities are made may be 
required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all, or a portion of, "foreign passthru payments" 
(a term not yet defined) made two years after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations 
defining the term “foreign passthru payment”, or later. This withholding would potentially apply to 
payments in respect of (i) any Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued after the "grandfathering 
date" which (A) with respect to Securities that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date 
that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term foreign 
passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) with respect to Securities that give rise to a 
dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code as discussed below (and therefore do not 
give rise to foreign passthru payments), is the date that is six months after the date on which obligations 
of their type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents, or in either case are issued on or before 
the grandfathering date and are materially modified thereafter, and (ii) any Securities characterised as 
equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever issued. If Securities are 
issued on or before the grandfathering date, and additional Securities of the same series are issued after 
that date, the additional Securities may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have negative 
consequences for the existing Securities, including a negative impact on market price. 
While the Securities are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is not expected that 
FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by the clearing systems. However, FATCA may 
affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the 
ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. FATCA also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial 
institution not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor 
that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with 
any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be 
made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose their custodians and intermediaries with care 
(to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide 
each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may 
be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. The 
Issuer’s obligations under the Securities are discharged once it has paid the common depositary for the 
clearing systems (as bearer or registered holder of the Securities) and the Issuer has therefore no

--- Page 52 ---
52 
responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the hands of the clearing systems and 
custodians or intermediaries. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the 
Securities may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing systems. 
If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA withholding. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from payments on the 
Securities, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the conditions of 
the Securities, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such 
tax. As a result, investors may receive a lesser amount than expected. Holders of Securities should consult 
their own tax advisers for a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may apply to 
payments they receive under the Securities. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Securities, and investors in the 
Securities is uncertain at this time. The application of FATCA to "foreign passthru payments" on the 
Securities or to Securities issued or materially modified after the grandfathering date may be addressed 
in the relevant Final Terms or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, as applicable.  
On 10 January 2014, representatives of the Governments of Italy and the United States signed an 
intergovernmental agreement to implement FATCA in Italy (the "IGA"), which entered into force on 1st 
July 2014. The IGA ratification law entered into force on 8 July 2015. Under these rules, the Issuer, as a 
reporting financial institution, will be required to collect and report certain information in respect of its 
account holders and investors to the Italian tax authorities, which would automatically exchange such 
information periodically with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Payments 
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the Code imposing a withholding tax on certain 
“dividend equivalents” under certain “equity linked instruments” exclude from their scope instruments 
issued before calendar year 2021 that do not have a “delta of one” with respect to underlying securities 
that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes (each an “Underlying 
Security”). Subject to this pre-2021 exemption, Section 871(m) of the Code will apply to a financial 
instrument (a "Specified Security") if it meets either (i) a "delta" test, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) a 
"substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. Section 871(m) of the Code provides certain 
exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices 
that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, as well as instruments that track 
such indices. If the terms of a financial instrument issued before calendar year 2021 (that is exempt from 
withholding under Section 871(m) of the Code) are "significantly modified" sometime after calendar year 
2020 such that the financial instrument is treated as retired and reissued for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, it will lose this exemption. Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be 
required when cash payments are made on a Specified Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or 
other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the Specified Security. If U.S. Underlying Equities are 
expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally will still be 
required even if the Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. If 
the Issuer or any other relevant withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the 
Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts 
so withheld. 
Section 871(m) of the Code is complex and its application may depend on your particular circumstances, 
including whether you enter into other transactions with respect to an Underlying Security. You should 
consult your tax advisor regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) of the Code to the 
Securities.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Other taxation considerations 
It is not possible to predict whether the taxation regime applicable to Securities on the date of purchase 
or subscription will be amended during the term of the Securities. If such amendments are made, the 
taxation regime applicable to the Securities may differ substantially from the taxation regime in existence 
on the date of purchase or subscription of the Securities. 
Illegality and cancellation 
If the Issuer determines that its performance under any Securities has, or that any arrangements made to 
hedge the Issuer's obligations under any Securities have, become (i) illegal in whole or in part for any 
reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, flood, severe weather 
conditions, or a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state, impossible or impracticable, the Issuer may 
cancel such Securities. The Issuer may also cancel the Securities upon the occurrence of certain 
adjustment events as set out in Condition 15 (Terms of the Securities). If the Issuer cancels the Securities, 
then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder 
in respect of each Security held by such holder, equal to the fair market value the Securities (the bid-
value in case of Italian Traded Securities), notwithstanding such illegality, force majeure event or act of 
state, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (such cost shall not be applicable 
in case of Italian Traded Securities). Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
Hedging disruption 
In respect of the Securities linked to one or more Underlying(s), the Issuer or one of its affiliates may be 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
equity price risk (or any other relevant price risk including, but not limited to, the currency risk) of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities; or (b) freely realize, recover, 
receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of hedge positions as the case may be between accounts 
within the jurisdiction of the hedge position (the "Affected Jurisdiction") or from accounts within the 
Affected Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction. 
In connection with such hedging activities, the Issuer and/or its affiliates may enter into transactions 
which may affect the liquidity or value of the Securities and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the relevant Securityholders. 
If an Hedging Disruption occurs, the Calculation Agent may consider such event as an Early Redemption 
Event and the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid 
an amount on the basis of the fair market value of the Securities (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded 
Securities). 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Potential conflicts of interest

--- Page 54 ---
54 
The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) 
related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Securities and other instruments or 
derivative products based on or related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Security 
for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management. The Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect of the asset or other basis of reference 
underlying Securities. The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also act as underwriter in connection 
with future offerings of shares or other securities related to an issue of Securities or may act as financial 
adviser to certain companies or companies whose shares are included in a basket of shares or in a 
commercial banking capacity for such companies. Such activities could present certain conflicts of 
interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other securities and could adversely affect the value 
of such Securities. 
Under the Conditions of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations in respect 
of the Securities which could affect the amount payable by the Issuer on the Securities. In exercising its 
right to make such determinations the Calculation Agent is entitled to act in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent, potential conflicts of interest may exist between 
the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders, including with respect to those determinations that the 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Securities that may influence the Combined Amount payable 
on the Settlement Date. 
Any further conflict of interest, including conflicts between the Issuer and any Managers or Distributors 
will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery requirements and settlement risk 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Physical 
Delivery Security, the holder of such Security must (1) deliver or send by authenticated swift message 
(confirmed in writing) to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be), with a copy to the 
Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (a) a duly completed Exercise Notice on or prior to the relevant 
time on the Expiration Date (in the case of a Physical Delivery Warrant) or (b) a duly completed Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Exercise Date (in the case of 
Certificates that are Physical Delivery Securities) and (2) pay the relevant Premium (in the case of a 
Warrant) and Expenses (in the case of a Warrant or a Certificate), together with any other amounts 
payable. Failure to do so will result (i) in the case of a Warrant where Automatic Exercise is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Warrant's becoming void or (ii) in the case of a Warrant where 
Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (iii) in the case of a Certificate, the 
Securityholder receiving the Assessed Value Payment Amount instead of the Entitlement. The Assessed 
Value Payment Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the fair market value 
of the assets comprised in the Entitlement. See Condition 19 for Warrants and Condition 22 for 
Certificates. 
In connection with the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, unless otherwise indicated in the Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent may determine that a Settlement Disruption Event or, if applicable, a 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is subsisting. Any such determination may affect the value of the 
Securities and/or may delay settlement and/or lead to cash settlement rather than physical settlement in 
respect of the Securities. 
If so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Securities. If exercised by the Issuer, this option will lead to Physical Delivery Securities being cash 
settled or Cash Settled Securities being physically settled. Exercise of such option may affect the value 
of the Securities.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
European financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
Commission Proposal), for a financial transaction tax (FTT) to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain4, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating 
Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission's 
Proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include 
the Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or modification of 
derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments).  
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Certificates where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the relevant Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is 
adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a 
derivative contract in the context of the relevant Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of 
securities (such as charged assets) or the exercise/settlement of a warrant. The relevant Issuer is, in certain 
circumstances, able to pass on any such tax liabilities to holders of the Securities and therefore this may 
result in investors receiving less than expected in respect of the Securities. It should also be noted that 
the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the Securities 
(including secondary market transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is 
adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of 
Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is however some uncertainty in relation 
to the intended scope of this exemption for certain money market instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective Securityholders are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union 
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom (the "UK") held a referendum on the UK’s membership of the 
EU. The result of the referendum’s vote was to leave the EU and the UK Government invoked article 50 
of the Lisbon Treaty. On 24 January 2020, it was announced that the government of the UK and the EU 
had executed and entered into to a withdrawal agreement (the “Withdrawal Agreement”). On 29 
January 2020, the European Parliament voted to consent to the Withdrawal Agreement, and on 30 January 
2020, the European Council (the "EU Council") adopted, by written procedure, the decision on the 
conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement on behalf of the EU. On 31 January 2020, upon the United 
Kingdom’s exit from the EU, the Withdrawal Agreement entered into force. A transition period begins 
following the date of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal until 31 December 2020 (the “Transition 
Period”). During the Transition Period, the UK was bound by EU rules despite not being its member 
state and remained in the single market area, while the future terms of the UK's relationship with the EU 
were being negotiated. 
 
4 On 18 February 2020 the Spanish Government approved the referral to the Spanish Congress of the Bill creating 
the Financial Transaction Tax.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK reached an agreement on the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), which sets out the principles of the relationship 
between the EU and the UK following the end of the Transition Period. The Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement was signed on 30 December 2020. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement has provisional 
application until the EU and UK complete their ratification procedures. On 29 April 2021, the EU Council 
ratified the Trade and Cooperation Agreement. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a 
detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into 
the EU and from the EU into the UK. Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement, the 
application of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement by the EU and the UK and the implementation by 
the UK of retained EU law, there remain significant uncertainties with regard to the political and 
economic outlook of the UK and the EU. 
There are a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK and its relationship 
with the European Union and the negotiation of the UK's exit terms and related matters may take several 
years. Given this uncertainty and the range of possible outcomes, it is not currently possible to determine 
the impact that the referendum, the UK's departure from the European Union and/or any related matters 
may have on general economic conditions in the UK and the European Union. It is also not possible to 
determine the impact that these matters will have on the Issuer or any other party to the transaction 
documents, or on the regulatory position of any such entity or of the transactions contemplated by the 
transaction documents under EU regulation or more generally. 
Legal risks  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
Each prospective purchaser of Securities must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Securities 
(i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Securities in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary's) 
financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, 
guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Securities as principal or in a fiduciary 
capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it is acquiring the Securities in a 
fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the Securities. Potential investors should consult with their own tax, legal, 
accounting and/or financial advisers before considering investing in the Securities. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Securities are legal investments for it, (2) Securities can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No reliance 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Managers, if any, or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Securities or as to 
the other matters referred to above. None of the Issuer, the Managers, if any, or any of their respective 
affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Securities by a 
prospective purchaser of the Securities, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser with 
any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
2.6 
Risks related to the offer to the public and/or admission of the Securities to trading on a 
regulated market  
Impact of implicit fees on the Issue Price / Offer Price  
Investors should note that implicit fees (e.g. placement commissions/distribution commissions, 
structuring fees) may be a component of the Issue Price / Offer Price of the Securities, but such fees will 
not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price of the relevant Securities in the 
secondary market. 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the type and amount of any implicit fees which are 
applicable from time to time. 
Investors should also take into consideration that if Securities are sold on the secondary market 
immediately following the offer period relating to such Securities, the implicit fees included in the Issue 
Price /Offer Price on initial subscription for such Securities will be deducted from the price at which such 
Securities may be sold in the secondary market. 
Certain considerations associated with public offers of Securities 
If Securities are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to 
withdraw the offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void according to the 
terms indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In such case, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Securities 
will be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but (in the case of Certificates) will not receive any 
remuneration that may have accrued in the period between their payment or delivery of subscription 
monies and the reimbursement of the Securities. 
Possible illiquidity of the Securities in the secondary market 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Securities will trade in the secondary market or whether 
such market will be liquid or illiquid. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or admit to trading 
Securities on a stock exchange or market. If the Securities are not listed or admitted to trading on any 
exchange or market, pricing information for the Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the 
liquidity of the Securities may be adversely affected. If the Issuer does list or admit to trading an issue of 
Securities, there can be no assurance that at a later date, the Securities will not be delisted or that trading 
on such exchange or market will not be suspended. In the event of a delisting or suspension of listing or 
trading on a stock exchange or market, the Issuer will use its reasonable efforts to list or admit to trading 
the Securities on another exchange or market. Also, (in the case of Warrants) to the extent Warrants of a 
particular issue are exercised, the number of Warrants of such issue outstanding will decrease, resulting 
in a diminished liquidity for the remaining Warrants of such issue. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue 
of Warrants may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of 
Warrants. 
The Issuer, or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any price 
in the open market or by tender or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or 
surrendered for cancellation. The Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a 
market-maker for an issue of Securities. Even if the Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an 
issue of Securities, the secondary market for such Securities may be limited. To the extent that an issue 
of Securities becomes illiquid, an investor may have to exercise such Securities (in the case of American

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Style Warrants) or wait until the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants and Certificates) 
to realise value. 
Finally, investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with 
respect to the Securities in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of 
the Securities in the secondary market. 
Listing of Securities 
In respect of Securities which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a stock 
exchange, market or quotation system, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to maintain such 
listing, provided that if it becomes impracticable or unduly burdensome or unduly onerous to maintain 
such listing, then the Issuer may apply to de-list the relevant Securities, although in this case it will use 
all reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain (as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant de-
listing) an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by a stock exchange, market or 
quotation system within or outside the European Union, as it may decide. 
If such an alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, impracticable or unduly 
burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has previously been published and filed with the CBI is incorporated 
by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2019, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2019 Annual 
Report, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2019/20200430_BILANCI_2019_Def_uk.pdf  
(ii) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2020, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
2020 Half-yearly Report, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20200917_Semestrale_uk.pdf  
(iii) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2020, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2020 Annual 
Report, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20210428_Bilanci_2020_DEF_uk.pdf 
(iv) the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2021, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
2021 Half-yearly Report, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2021/20210928_Relazione_semestrale_uk.pdf 
(v) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2021, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group 2021 Interim 3rd Quarter Report, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2021/30092021_Interim_statement.pdf  
(vi) the press release issued by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. on 4 February 2022 and entitled "Intesa 
Sanpaolo: Consolidated Results as at 31 December 2021" (the "2021 Results Press Release"), 
available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/comunicati-stampa-en/2022/02/20220204_RisFY21_uk.pdf  
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com) and at the following website: www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com.  
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not included in the cross-reference list below in this Base Prospectus is not incorporated by reference 
and is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
The Issuer declares that the English translation of each of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial 
statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is an accurate and not misleading translation 
in all material respect of the Italian language version of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial statements. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. takes responsibility for the accuracy of such translations. 
Cross-reference list 
The following table shows where the information required under article 19(2) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 can be found in the above-mentioned documents. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2019 Annual Report 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ..........................................................................................  
172-173 
Consolidated income statement ....................................................................................  
174 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .......................................................  
175 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ..............................................................  
176-177 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ..........................................................................  
178 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements .............................................................  
179-534 
– Part A – Accounting policies .....................................................................................  
181-257 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet ..........................................  
258-343 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement ....................................  
344-367 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income .........................................................  
368 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies .....................................  
369-504 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital ...........................................................  
505-509 
– Part G – Business combinations ...............................................................................  
510-515 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties .........  
516-522 
– Part I – Share-based payments .................................................................................  
523-526 
– Part L – Segment reporting .......................................................................................  
527-529 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ...................................................................................  
530-534 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 .......................................................................................  
535 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements ......................  
537-545 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...............................................  
547-572 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group - Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2020 
Page  
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ................................................................................................  
60-61 
Consolidated income statement .........................................................................................  
62 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ............................................................  
63 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ...................................................................  
64-65 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ................................................................................  
66 
Explanatory Notes .............................................................................................................  
67-196 
Accounting policies ...........................................................................................................  
69-76 
Subsequent events ..............................................................................................................  
77 
Economic results ...............................................................................................................  
78-96 
Balance sheet aggregates ..................................................................................................  
97-130 
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area and geographical area ...................  
131-158 
Risk management ...............................................................................................................  
159-189 
Shareholder base, related party transactions and other information ................................  
190-196 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2020 Annual Report

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Alternative performance measures ...............................................................................  
189-192 
Consolidated balance sheet ..........................................................................................  
198-199 
Consolidated income statement ....................................................................................  
200 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .......................................................  
201 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ..............................................................  
202-203 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ..........................................................................  
204 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements .............................................................  
205-585 
– Part A – Accounting policies .....................................................................................  
207-282 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet ..........................................  
283-375 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement ....................................  
376-399 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income .........................................................  
400 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies .....................................  
401-543 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital ...........................................................  
544-547 
– Part G – Business combinations ...............................................................................  
548-567 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties .........  
568-573 
– Part I – Share-based payments .................................................................................  
574-577 
– Part L – Segment reporting .......................................................................................  
578-580 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ...................................................................................  
581-585 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 .......................................................................................  
586 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements ......................  
587-598 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...............................................  
599-626 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group - Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2021 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .........................................................................................  
58-59 
Consolidated income statement ...................................................................................  
60 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ......................................................  
61 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity .............................................................  
62-63 
Consolidated statement of cash flows .........................................................................  
64 
Explanatory notes ........................................................................................................  
65-194 
Accounting policies .....................................................................................................  
67-76 
Subsequent events ........................................................................................................  
77 
Economic results .........................................................................................................  
78-105 
Balance sheet aggregates ............................................................................................  
106-123 
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area and geographical area .............  
124-152 
Risk management ........................................................................................................  
153-184 
Shareholder base, related party transactions and other information .........................  
185-191 
Forecast for the year 
192-194 
Certification of the half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements 
pursuant to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 ...........................................  
195 
Independent Auditors' Review Report ........................................................................  
197-200 
Attachments.................................................................................................................  
201-228 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group – Interim 3rd Quarter Report as at 30 September 2021 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .........................................................................................  
39-39 
Consolidated income statement ...................................................................................  
40 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ......................................................  
41 
Changes in consolidated Shareholders' equity as at 30 September 2021 
42-43 
Economic results .........................................................................................................  
47-74 
Balance sheet aggregates ............................................................................................  
75-90

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area ..................................................  
91-107 
Risk management ........................................................................................................  
108-124 
Accounting policies .....................................................................................................  
125-128 
Declaration of the Manager responsible for preparing the company's financial 
reports 
129 
Attachments.................................................................................................................  
131-158 
2021 Results Press Release  
 
Page 
number(s) 
Reclassified consolidated statement of income ...........................................................  
28 
Reclassified consolidated statement of income – Redetermined figures .....................  
29 
Quarterly development of the reclassified consolidated statement of income ............  
30 
Quarterly development of the reclassified consolidated statement of income – 
Redetermined figures ...............................................................................................  
31 
Reclassified consolidated balance sheet ......................................................................  
32 
Quarterly development of the reclassified consolidated balance sheet .......................  
33 
Breakdown of financial highlights by business area ...................................................  
34 
The Issuer confirms that the unaudited results and other figures contained in the 2021 Results Press 
Release are consistent with the corresponding figures that will be contained in the Issuer’s consolidated 
financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Annual Report"), and 
therefore have been prepared on the basis of the same accounting principles and standards utilised for the 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 in all material respects. 
Audit procedures by the statutory auditors on the 2021 Annual Report are currently in progress and the 
2021 Annual Report will be available to the investors forthwith following its publication.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) of the Securities which will 
apply to each issue of Securities and, except in the case of Italian Dematerialised Securities, be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Security. The terms of the Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms") applicable to the respective issue of Securities complete and specify the Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities. The completed and specified Final Terms together with the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities represent the conditions applicable to the relevant issue of Securities  
Securities other than Italian Dematerialised Securities are issued by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Issuer) 
pursuant to an Agency Agreement dated on or about 24 February 2022 (as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer and Société Générale 
Luxembourg, acting as principal security agent (the Principal Security Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor principal security agent and, together with any additional security agents appointed 
pursuant to Clause 17 of the Agency Agreement, the Security Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor security agents) and as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall 
include any successor registrar). 
The Issuer shall undertake the duties of calculation agent (in this capacity, the Calculation Agent) in 
respect of the Securities (including Italian Dematerialised Securities) unless another entity is so specified 
as the calculation agent in the applicable Final Terms. The expression Calculation Agent shall, in relation 
to the relevant Securities, include such other specified Calculation Agent. 
The Securities (including Italian Dematerialised Securities) will be either warrants (Warrants) or 
certificates (Certificates), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and references in these Conditions 
to Security and Securities will be construed accordingly. Conditions 19 and 20 apply only to Warrants 
and Condition 21 applies only to Certificates. Other Conditions apply to Warrants and/or Certificates, as 
applicable. References herein to the applicable Final Terms or relevant Final Terms are to the Final 
Terms or to each Final Terms (in the case of any further securities issued pursuant to Condition 11 and 
forming a single series with the Securities) in relation to each single issuance made under this Programme, 
which for the avoidance of doubt may be issued in respect of more than one series of Securities.  
In respect of Securities other than Italian Dematerialised Securities, the applicable Final Terms is attached 
to the Global Security or Registered Global Security or any Securities in definitive form.  
Bearer Securities 
Each series of Securities that are not Registered Securities (as defined below in these Terms and 
Conditions of Securities) (Bearer Securities) will on issue be constituted by either (a) in the case of 
Bearer Securities with a maturity of more than one year, a temporary global security in bearer form 
(Temporary Global Security) or (b) in the case of Securities with a maturity of one year or less, a 
permanent global security in bearer form (Permanent Global Security and together with the Temporary 
Global Security, Global Securities and each a Global Security) as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms which, in either case, will be deposited with a depositary (Common Depositary) common to 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg).  
On or after the 40th day following the Issue Date of the Temporary Global Securities (the Exchange Date) 
the Temporary Global Security will be exchangeable (a) for a Permanent Global Security or (b) for bearer 
securities in definitive form (Definitive Securities, and the expression Definitive Certificates shall be 
construed accordingly), as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and in each case only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Security are not United States persons or persons who have purchased for resale directly or indirectly to 
any United States person or to a person within the United States or its possessions, as required by U.S. 
Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification 
received) to the Principal Security Agent. A Permanent Global Security will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Securities only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) and have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (ii) as a result of a change 
in law, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Securities represented by the Securities in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice 
to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  
Bearer Securities will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
With respect to any Bearer Security, payments of principal and interest in all cases will be made only 
outside the United States and its possessions, and if a payment of interest is made before the Exchange 
Date, only to the extent that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, as described above, has been 
received. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Securities with a maturity of more than one year: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code." 
Registered Securities 
Any Securities that are “registration-required obligations” under the Code and US Treasury Regulations 
will be issued in “registered form” for US federal income tax purposes (Registered Securities). 
Registered Securities will be represented by definitive registered certificates registered in the names of 
the beneficial owners thereof (Registered Certificates or Registered Securities) and/or a registered 
certificate in global form (a Global Registered Certificate) which will be registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in any clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Definitive Securities will be exchangeable for definitive 
Registered Securities only if and to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms. Definitive 
Registered Securities will not be exchangeable for Definitive Securities or an interest therein. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities 
Italian Dematerialised Securities will be issued in bearer (al portatore), uncertificated and dematerialised 
form evidenced at any time through book-entries into Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with registered office and 
principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, or any successor clearing system 
thereto) (Monte Titoli) pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as amended and implemented 
and subsequent implementing provisions and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint 
Regulation dated 13 August 2018 (Italian Dematerialised Securities). Italian Dematerialised Securities 
will not be issued in definitive form. However, the holder still has the right to obtain the release of the 
certificate pursuant to articles 83-quinquies and 83-novies, paragraph 1, letter b), of the Italian legislative 
decree no. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. While the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities are represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorized financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf

--- Page 65 ---
65 
of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Italian Dematerialised Securities are held in dematerialised 
form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial 
intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer. 
General 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of the Final Terms) and the applicable Final 
Terms are available at the specified office of the Principal Security Agent, and in the case of Registered 
Securities, the Registrar, save that if the Securities are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will 
only be made available to Securityholders holding one or more Securities and such Securityholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the relevant Security Agent as to its holding of such 
Securities and identity. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated. 
The holders of Securities other than Italian Dematerialised Securities are entitled to the benefit of and are 
deemed to have notice of and are bound by all the provisions of the Agency Agreement (insofar as they 
relate to the Securities) and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. 
1. 
Type, Title and Transfer 
(A) 
Type 
Depending on the type of financial asset used as Underlying(s), the Securities may be Index 
Securities, Share Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Fund 
Securities, Govies Securities, Interest Rate Securities, Commodities Securities or Combined 
Securities (i.e. a combination of two or more of the foregoing), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Securities may also be Dual Currency Securities if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms will also indicate inter alia: 
1) Both in relation to Certificates and Warrants, whether settlement shall be by way of 
cash payment (Cash Settled Securities) or, only in relation to Share Securities, 
physical delivery (Physical Delivery Securities).  
In relation to Certificates only, the applicable Final Terms may also specify that such 
Certificates are either cash settled of physically settled depending upon the occurrence 
or not of one of the following events:  
- 
Barrier Event; 
- 
Barrier Gap Event; 
- 
Buffer Event; 
- 
Consolidation Floor Event; 
- 
One Star Event; 
- 
Restrike Event;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
- 
Settlement Event; 
- 
Switch Event. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities may be issued as Cash Settled Securities only and 
relevant settlement and payments shall be by way of cash payment only; 
2) In the case of Warrants only: 
(i) whether the Warrants are American style Warrants, being Warrants which are 
exercisable during a specified period (American Style Warrants) or European 
style Warrants, being Warrants which are exercisable on a specified date 
(European Style Warrants) and whether automatic exercise (Automatic 
Exercise) applies to Warrants; 
(ii) whether the Warrants are call Warrants (Call Warrants) or put Warrants (Put 
Warrants);  
(iii) whether the Warrants are corridor Warrants (Corridor Warrants) being Warrants 
which allow to obtain a fixed Cash Settlement Amount, specified in the Final 
Terms, if the value of the Underlying remains within a range (a corridor) defined 
by two Barrier (the Lower Barrier Level and the Upper Barrier Level). Otherwise, 
if the value of the Underlying, on any day within the Barrier Valuation Period, 
falls below the Lower Barrier Level or above the Upper Barrier Level, the Corridor 
Warrants will expire immediately and the investor is entitled to receive the 
Corridor Early Amount, specified in the applicable Final Terms, instead of the 
Cash Settlement Amount and such Corridor Early Amount can be equal to zero; 
and 
3) in the case of Certificates only, whether Remuneration Amount(s) and/or Early 
Redemption Amount(s) shall be payable in respect of the Securities. 
Reference in these Conditions, save for the Italian Dematerialised Securities and unless the 
context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Securities shall be deemed to include references to 
Physical Delivery Securities, which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) 
at the Issuer's election to request cash settlement of such Security and where settlement is to be 
by way of cash payment, and references in these Conditions, save for the Italian Dematerialised 
Securities and unless the context otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Securities shall be 
deemed to include references to Cash Settled Securities which include an option (as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms) at the Issuer election to request physical delivery of the relevant 
Underlying in settlement of such Security and where settlement is to be by way of Physical 
Delivery. 
Securities may, if so specified and provided for in the applicable Final Terms, allow 
Securityholders to elect for settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery 
or by such other method of settlement as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. Those 
Securities where the holder has elected for cash payment will be Cash Settled Securities and 
those Securities where the holder has elected for physical delivery will be Physical Delivery 
Securities. The rights of a holder as described in this paragraph may be subject to the Issuer's 
right to vary settlement if so indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
(B) 
Title to Securities other than Registered Securities

--- Page 67 ---
67 
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Security, each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular number of Securities (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the number of Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Security Agents and the Calculation Agent as the holder of such number of Securities for all 
purposes (and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly).  
For so long as any of the Securities are represented by an Italian Dematerialised Securities, the 
person who is for the time being shown in the records of Monte Titoli as the holder of a particular 
amount of Securities (in which regard any certificate, record or other document issued by Monte 
Titoli as to the amount of Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall (except as otherwise 
required by applicable law) be treated for all purposes by the Issuer and all other persons dealing 
with such person as the holder thereof and as the person entitled to exercise the rights represented 
thereby notwithstanding any notice to the contrary (and the expressions Securityholder and 
holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed accordingly, except where 
Italian law is applicable, in which case Securityholder and holder of Securities will be 
exclusively deemed to be the beneficial owner of the Italian Dematerialised Securities). The 
Issuer shall cause Italian Dematerialised Securities to be dematerialised and centralised with 
Monte Titoli, pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by 
subsequent implementing provisions.  
(C) 
Title to Registered Certificates 
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Registered Certificate held on behalf 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the 
case may be, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case 
may be, as the holder of a particular amount of such Certificates (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System, as the case may be, as to the amount of Certificates standing to the account of 
any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent as the holder of 
such amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of cash 
settlement amounts, remuneration amounts and/or interest with respect to such Certificates for 
which purpose the registered holder (as shown in the register kept at the principal office of the 
Registrar (the Register), of the relevant Global Registered Certificate shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent as the holder of such amount of such 
Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered 
Certificate (and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of definitive Registered Certificates, the Issuer shall cause to be kept at the principal 
office of the Registrar, a Register on which shall be entered the names and addresses of all 
Securityholders, the amount and type of the Certificates held by each Securityholder and details 
of all transfers of the Certificates. Each person who is for the time being shown in the Register 
as the holder of a particular amount of Certificates shall (except as otherwise required by law)

--- Page 68 ---
68 
be treated as the absolute owner of such amount of Certificates for all purposes (regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust, or any interest in it, any writing on it, or its theft or loss) and no 
person will be liable for so treating such person (and the expressions Securityholder and holder 
of Securities and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(D) 
Transfers of Securities other than Registered Securities 
For so long as the Securities are represented by Definitive Securities, title to the Securities will 
pass by delivery.  
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Security, all transactions (including 
transfers of Securities) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, subject to and in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be). 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
approved by the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent from time to time and notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
Any transfer or attempted transfer in or into the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a United States person shall be null and void ab initio and shall vest no rights in the purported 
transferee (the Disqualified Transferee) and the last preceding holder that was not a 
Disqualified Transferee shall be restored to all rights as a Securityholder thereof retroactively to 
the date of transfer of such interest by the relevant Securityholder. 
For so long as the Securities are represented by Italian Dematerialised Securities, the Securities 
are held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account 
holders. Italian Dematerialised Securities will at all times be held in book entry form and title to 
the Italian Dematerialised Securities will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant 
provisions of Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as amended and integrated by subsequent 
implementing provisions, and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation 
dated 13 August 2018, as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. The 
Securityholders may not require physical delivery of the Italian Dematerialised Securities. 
However, the Securityholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to 
Article 83-quinquies of Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as amended and integrated by 
subsequent implementing provisions. Italian Dematerialised Securities will be transferable only 
in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Monte Titoli. In particular, the 
transfer of the Italian Dematerialised Securities operates by way of registration in the accounts 
opened with Monte Titoli by the intermediaries adhering to the clearing system. As a 
consequence, the subject who from time to time is the owner of the account held with an 
intermediary adhering, directly or indirectly, to Monte Titoli, in which the Italian Dematerialised 
Securities are credited, is considered as the legitimate beneficial owner of the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities and is authorised to exercise all rights related to them. 
(E) 
Transfers of Registered Securities 
Global Registered Securities may be transferred only to a successor clearing organization. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in the underlying Registered Certificates represented by a 
Global Registered Security will be effected only through the book-entry system maintained by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case

--- Page 69 ---
69 
may be, and may be effected by such clearing systems or by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial 
transferors and transferees of such interests. Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in 
the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, 
as the case may be. 
Title to definitive Registered Certificates will pass upon the registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A definitive Registered Certificate 
may be transferred by the transferor or a person duly authorised on behalf of the transferor 
depositing at the specified office of the Registrar a duly completed transfer certificate (a 
Transfer Certificate) in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which are 
available from the Registrar) signed by or on behalf of the transferor and upon the Registrar 
after due and careful enquiry being satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request and subject to the regulations set out under the Agency Agreement, 
the Registrar should enter the name of the transferee in the Register for the definitive Registered 
Certificates as the Securityholder of the Registered Certificate specified in the form of transfer.  
Securityholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum determined by the 
Calculation Agent sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may 
be imposed in relation to the registration or exchange in the jurisdiction of the Issuer or in any 
other jurisdiction where the Registrar's specified office is located. 
Registered Certificates and interests therein may not be transferred at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in or into the United States or to or for the benefit of a U.S. person, and any such 
transfer shall not be recognised. 
2. 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities constitute direct, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank, unless provided otherwise by law, pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
other than subordinated obligations, if any, of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
Certificates that are intended to be eligible for the purposes of the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") are subject to certain restrictions which will 
increase in the future – following the full applicability of the relevant provisions arising from 
the MREL Requirements. 
In particular, in relation to Series of Certificates issued in order to satisfy the MREL 
Requirements: 
i. 
the Securityholders unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which they might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Certificates; 
ii. 
claims arising from such Certificates are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or 
any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims by the Issuer or by other 
entities related to the Issuer; 
iii. 
to the extent that the Issuer intends to qualify Series of Certificates as eligible liabilities 
in accordance with article 45 c paragraph 2 lett. b) of the BRRD II and 12c paragraph 2 
lett. b) of the SRMR II, the value of the claim arising from such Series of Certificates in

--- Page 70 ---
70 
cases of the insolvency and of the resolution of the Issuer is fixed or increasing, and does 
not exceed the initially paid-up amount of Certificates, under all relevant laws and 
regulations amended from time to time, which are and will be applicable to the Issuer; 
iv. 
The Securityholders are not entitled to accelerate the payments under the Certificates, 
other than in the case of the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under all relevant 
laws and regulations amended from time to time, which are and will be applicable to it. 
For the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a 
resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an event of default for the 
Certificates for any purpose and shall not entitle to accelerate the payments under the 
Certificates. 
v. 
for the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge in respect of the Certificates. 
3. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the following definitions will apply: 
Accumulated Amount means, in relation to one or more Accumulated Valuation Dates, the amount in 
the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholders on the relevant Accumulated Payment Date per 
each Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). 
Each Accumulated Amount, in relation to the relevant Accumulated Valuation Date, will be equal to the 
product between (i) the Accumulating Amount provided in relation to such Accumulating Valuation 
Period and (ii) the total number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant Accumulating 
Valuation Period. 
If an Early Redemption Level is specified as applicable under the relevant Final Terms, and if so specified 
in such Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Event. In such case, the Accumulated Amount will be paid on the Accumulated Payment Date coinciding 
with, or immediately after, the Early Payment Date in relation to which an Early Redemption Event has 
occurred; 
Accumulating Amount means, in relation to the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period, the amount 
in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
Accumulating Autocallable Trigger means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to the relevant Accumulated Valuation Date. If on an Accumulated Valuation 
Date the Accumulated Amount payable to Securityholders is lower than, equal to or higher than (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Accumulating Autocallable Trigger, such event will 
be considered as an Early Redemption Event and, therefore, the Certificates are deemed to be early 
redeemed and the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date; 
Accumulating Event means the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference 
Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Accumulating Level on the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period, equal to, higher than 
or lower than the relevant Accumulating Level; and/or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Accumulating Level during the 
relevant Accumulating Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Accumulating Level and the relevant Down Range Accumulating Level (included or 
excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents. 
The investors will be notified of the number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Accumulating Level means the value that determines the occurrence of the Accumulating Event. 
The Accumulating Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an 
independent percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or 
by a predetermined value, specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to the relevant Accumulating 
Valuation Period. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Accumulating Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the 
Accumulating Event in relation to one or more Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms may specify 
the relevant Accumulating Level for each Underlying; 
Accumulated Payment Date means the Business Day on which the Issuer shall pay the Accumulated 
Amount to the Securityholders; 
If the Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if so specified 
in such Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of the Early 
Redemption Event. In such case, the Accumulated Amount will be paid on the Accumulated Payment 
Date coinciding with, or immediately after, the Early Payment Date in relation to which the Early 
Redemption Event has occurred; 
Accumulated Valuation Date means the Business Day, specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
the Calculation Agent determines how many times the relevant Accumulating Event has occurred during 
the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period and therefore it determines the amount of the relevant 
Accumulated Amount. In the event of more Accumulating Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms 
will indicate the First Accumulated Valuation Date, the Second Accumulated Valuation Date, and 
so on; 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Accumulating Autocallable Trigger as applicable, in the 
Accumulated Valuation Date following the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period, the Calculation 
Agent will determine also whether an Early Redemption Event has occurred;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Accumulating Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of 
a Accumulating Event. In the event of more Accumulating Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms 
will indicate the First Accumulating Valuation Period, the Second Accumulating Valuation Period, 
and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Accumulating Valuation Period or on 
one Exchange Business Day of the Accumulating Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Actual Exercise Date, in respect of an American Style Warrant or European Style Warrant, has the 
meaning set out under Condition 19 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants)); 
Adjusted Price, in relation to Share Securities, is equal to the greater of (i) 0 (zero) and (ii) the amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
𝐴𝑃𝑖= 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑖−𝑆𝑆𝐷𝑖+ 𝑆𝐷𝐷𝑖 
Where: 
"Underlyingi" is the Value of the Underlying on the Exchange Business Day “i”; 
"SSDi" or "Sum of Synthetic Dividends" means, in respect of the Exchange Business Day “i”, the 
sum of all the Synthetic Dividends for which the Synthetic Ex-Dividend Date falls in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Dividend Period Start Date and ending on, and including, the 
relevant day “i”. Any adjustment for corporate actions would be carried out before any coupon 
payment. The adjustments would be carried out on any or all the Underlyings (if basket), based on 
the nature of the corporate action; 
"SDDi" or "Sum of Detached Dividends" means, in respect of the Exchange Business Day “i”, the 
sum (gross amounts) of all the actual cash or cash equivalent dividends (excluding extraordinary 
dividends) for which the Ex-Dividend Date falls in the period commencing on, but excluding, the 
Dividend Period Start Date and ending on, and including, the relevant day “i”. 
ADR means an American Depositary Receipt which will be specified as the underlying asset or a Basket 
Constituent, from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
Save where specifically provided under the applicable Final Terms, all references in the Conditions or, 
as applicable, to the "Shares" shall be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, and/or the 
underlying shares, references to the issuer of the Share, as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer 
of the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the underlying shares, and references to the 
"Exchange" shall be deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as 
the case may be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system on which the underlying shares are 
listed, and with such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may consider 
necessary or otherwise desirable provided that any such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the 
holders of Securities; 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Air Bag Factor means the numerical value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Annual Management Fee or AMF, means, if applied by the Issuer in relation to Benchmark Certificates, 
a fee charged to the investor at the particular time "t" which, irrespective of the performance of the 
Underlying, will accrue gradually and proportionally to the tenor of the Certificates and will be 
determined according to the formula set out below.  
The Calculation Agent will deduct the accrued AMF from the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to 
Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). If the Certificates are listed or admitted to trading, their price for 
trading purposes will include the AMF gradually accrued on each Exchange Business Day.  
In particular, the AMF will be determined on the basis of the AMF Percentage. The AMF will be 
calculated as follows: 
AMFt = ∏
(100% −
Percentage
AMF
365.25
)
𝑥∈(𝑡0,𝑡0+1,…….,𝑡)
 
Where: 
"x" means each calendar day from t0 to t; 
"t" can be any calendar day before the Valuation Date or the Valuation Date; 
"AMF Percentage" means, in relation to the calculation of the Annual Management Fee, the value 
expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Annual Valuation Date means, in relation to the Internal Return Amount, the period (composed of one 
or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) in which the Calculation 
Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of the Internal Return Amount; 
Annual Remuneration Payment Date means, in relation to the Internal Return Amount (if applicable), 
one or more Business Days on which the Issuer shall pay the Internal Return Amount to the 
Securityholders. If there are more Annual Remuneration Payment Dates, the relevant Final Terms will 
specify the First Annual Remuneration Payment Date, the Second Annual Remuneration Payment 
Date and so on; 
Barrier Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Final Reference Value or the Spread (in 
the case of Spread Certificates) or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Barrier Level on the Barrier Event 
Determination Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Barrier Event Determination Period, equal to, higher 
than or lower than the relevant Barrier Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Barrier Level during the relevant 
Barrier Event Determination Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Upper 
Barrier Level and the relevant Lower Barrier Level (included or excluded in the range as

--- Page 74 ---
74 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Barrier Event Determination 
Period; 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms.  
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms may also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event, the applicable condition (among one of those 
specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents. In this case, the Barrier Level 
will be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent.  
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Barrier Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Barrier 
Event in relation to one or more Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant 
Barrier Level for each Underlying. 
If the Barrier Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the website 
of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Barrier Event Determination Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence 
of the Barrier Event; 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Barrier Event Determination Period or 
on one Exchange Business Day of the Barrier Event Determination Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Barrier Gap Event means, in the case of Gap Certificates and in relation to the Premium Gap Amount, 
the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that, during the Barrier Gap Observation Period, 
the Gap Daily Performance, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the relevant Final Terms, is 
equal to, higher than or lower than the Barrier Gap Level specified from time to time in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
If the Barrier Gap Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published 
on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
In relation to the calculation of the Premium Gap Amount(s) payable to the investor during the life of the 
Gap Certificates, the investor should consider that after the occurrence of the Barrier Gap Event: 
(i) 
the Premium Gap Amount will be determined on the basis of the actual number of days within 
the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period and not on the basis of all the days of the relevant 
Premium Determination Period; and 
(ii) 
after the payment of the Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the first Premium Payment 
Date following the Barrier Gap Event Date on which a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, no further 
Premium Gap Amount will be paid to the investors; 
Barrier Gap Event Date means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the Exchange Business Day on which 
a Barrier Gap Event has occurred; 
Barrier Gap Leverage means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Barrier Gap Level means, in relation to the Barrier Gap Event, the value expressed as a percentage 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Barrier Gap Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Barrier 
Gap Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant 
Barrier Gap Level for each Underlying; 
Barrier Gap Observation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms on which the Calculation Agent determines if the Gap Daily 
Performance of the Underlying, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the relevant Final Terms, 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the Barrier Gap Level as specified from time to time in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In relation to the Intraday Value, in the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on an Exchange 
Business Day of the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Barrier Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the occurrence of 
the Barrier Event in relation to the relevant Underlying. Such value may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value (or as an independent percentage value in relation to 
Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or  
(ii) 
a predetermined value specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(iii) 
a percentage of the Strike, specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(iv) 
a percentage of the highest or the lowest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) Reference 
Value registered during the Barrier Selection Period; 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms may also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event, the applicable condition (among one of those 
specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket Constituents. In this case, the Barrier Level 
will be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent.  
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Barrier Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Barrier 
Event in relation to one or more Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant 
Barrier Level for each Underlying; 
Barrier Selection Period means, when the Barrier Level is determined as specified at point (iv) of the 
definition of "Barrier Level", the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms, on which the Calculation Agent determines the highest or the lowest Reference 
Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Underlying in order to determine the Barrier 
Level;  
Base Premium Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to time in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Basket means a portfolio composed of two or more financial assets comprised in the same basket. A 
Basket may represent the Underlying of the Securities or it may constitute a Basket Constituent of another 
Basket (the Underlying of the Securities), as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Basket Constituent means, in relation to each Series, each financial asset specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
Basket Constituent Weight means, in respect of each Basket Constituent, the value specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Basket Value means the value of the Basket calculated by the Calculation Agent in order to determine 
the Initial Reference Value, the Reference Value and Final Reference Value.  
In particular, at any time, the Basket Value is equal to the sum of the single Values of the Basket 
Constituents at such time, divided by the single Values of the Basket Constituents at time "0", and 
multiplied by the relevant Basket Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent comprised in the same 
Basket, in accordance with one of the following formulas:  
a) 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= ∑
𝐶𝑡
𝑖
𝐶0𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
× 𝑊𝑖 
Where: 
"𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝒕" is the Basket Value at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"t" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"𝑪𝒕
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for a 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝐴𝑃𝑟
𝑖: 
𝐶𝑡
𝑖= 1
𝑦 𝑥∑𝑀𝑖𝑛 [
𝑦
𝑟=1
𝐶0
𝑖 𝑥 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝐴𝑃𝑟
𝑖;  𝐶𝑟
𝑖] 
Where: 
"𝑳𝒐𝒄𝒂𝒍 𝑪𝑨𝑷𝒓
𝒊" is the percentage applied to the Basket Constituent "i" at time "r", 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for each Basket Constituent "i"; 
"𝑪𝒓
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "r", as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"y" is the number of Valuation Dates and/or the number of the dates of the relevant 
valuation period, if applicable, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"𝑪𝟎
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "0", which is the date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"𝑾𝒊" is the Basket Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent; and 
"𝒏" is the number of the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
b) 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= ∑
𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑖 ; 
𝐶𝑡
𝑖
𝐶0𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
× 𝑊𝑖

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Where: 
"𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝒕" is the Basket Value at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"t" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Capi" is the maximum performance of the Basket Constituent "i", specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for each Basket Constituent; 
"𝑪𝒕
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i", at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"𝑪𝟎
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "0", which is the date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"𝑾𝒊" is the Basket Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent; and 
"𝒏" is the number of the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Securities linked to a Basket of Baskets, the value of the Basket Constituent(s) will also be 
determined according to the above formulas; 
Best Of Feature means the determination method that may be specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. If the Best Of Feature applies, the Calculation Agent will select the Best Of Underlying to 
determine: 
(i) 
the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the event that triggers such 
Remuneration Amount; and/or  
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation 
of such Settlement Amount; and/or  
(iv) 
the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect. 
In addition, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Best Of Feature may apply in relation to any 
or all the relevant valuation periods; 
Best Of Underlying means, in the case of Best Of Feature, the Underlying with the first, second or third 
(and so on, depending on the number of the underlying assets) best Performance of the Underlying in 
respect of the Performance of the other Underlying(s). In the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
indicate for each Series if it will take into account the Underlying with the first best Performance (in such 
case this will be named Best Of Underlying), the second best Performance (in such case this will be 
named Second Best Of Underlying) or the third best Performance (in such case this will be named Third 
Best Of Underlying) and so on. Upon selection of the Best Of Underlying by the Calculation Agent the 
investors will be informed pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices); 
Bonus Observation Date means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, each date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on which the Bonust is determined for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Cumulated Bonus Amount; 
Bonus Payment Date means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, each Business Day specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on which the Issuer shall pay the Cumulated Bonus Amount to the 
Securityholders;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of the European Union 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
Buffer Event means, in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates, the event occurring when the 
Calculation Agent determines that, in the Buffer Valuation Period, the Performance Sum is lower than, 
equal to or higher than the Buffer Percentage, as specified in the relevant Final Terms from time to time; 
Buffer Percentage means in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates, the value expressed as a 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Buffer Valuation Period means, in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates, the period composed of 
one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, in which the Calculation 
Agent determines if the Performance Sum is lower than, equal to or higher than the Buffer Percentage 
and therefore if a Buffer Event has occurred; 
Business Day means (i) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Business Day Centre(s) and on which each of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is open for business (or, where the Securities are Italian 
Dematerialised Securities, a day on which Monte Titoli is open for business) and (ii) for the purposes of 
making payments in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) or any successor thereto is open (and, 
where the Securities are Italian Dematerialised Securities, a day on which Monte Titoli is open for 
business). In the event that one or more dates specified in the applicable Final Terms do not fall on a 
Business Day, such dates shall shift to a Business Day in accordance with the convention specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Business Day Convention); 
Butterfly Level means, in relation to Reverse Butterfly Certificates, the value specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Butterfly Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or by a 
predetermined value; 
Calculation Agent means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. or such other calculation agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Calculation Entity means, in the case of Certificates on Interest Rates, the entity responsible for the 
calculation and publication of the Interest Rate that will be indicated from time to time in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Calendar Performance means, in the case of Calendar Certificates, the performance of each Underlying 
or Basket Constituent determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following formula: 
Max {Calendar Floor Percentage; Min [Calendar Cap Percentage; (RVy - RVx) / RVx]} 
Where: 
"RVy" means the Reference Value of the Underlying at time “y” specified in the relevant Final 
terms; 
"RVx" means the Reference Value of Underlying at time “x” specified in the relevant Final 
terms;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
"Calendar Cap Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to 
time in the relevant Final Terms. The Calendar Cap Percentage will always be equal to or higher 
than 0 per cent; 
"Calendar Floor Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time 
to time in the relevant Final Terms. The Calendar Floor Percentage will always be equal to or 
lower than 0 per cent; 
Call Exercise Date means the Exchange Business Day on which the Certificates are exercised by the 
Issuer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, following the exercise of the Call Option. The Call 
Exercise Date coincides with the last Exchange Business Day of the relevant Call Valuation Period (or 
with the Call Valuation Period if this is composed by one Exchange Business Day), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Call Notice Period means the date(s) – indicated in the applicable Final Terms – by which the Issuer 
shall notify, in accordance with Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to 
Certificates)) below, the intention to exercise the Call Option in the relevant Call Exercise Date; 
Call Option means, if the Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the option 
to redeem the Certificates which can be irrevocably exercised by the Issuer during the Call Notice Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms pursuant to Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only 
applicable to Certificates)) below; 
Call Valuation Period means, if the Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms on which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value. The Call Valuation 
Period(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms from time to time relating to each Series, and will 
be considered for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount, provided that, the Call 
Option has been exercised by the Issuer and, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption 
Event has not occurred. 
If the Call Option is exercised by the Issuer, the Reference Value determined by the Calculation Agent 
in the related Call Valuation Period, will be considered as Final Reference Value. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on a Call Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Call Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market 
Disruption Event) will apply; 
Cap means either the Cap, the Cap Amount, the Cap Barrier Amount, the Cap Level or the Cap 
Percentage as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Amount means the amount indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Barrier Amount means the amount indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Consolidation Amount means the amount that may be considered, if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, for the purpose of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount of Max Consolidation Long 
Cap Certificates; 
Cap Down Amount means the amount that may be considered, if indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
for the purpose of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount of Twin Win Certificates when the 
Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Cap Level means one or more values specified in the relevant Final Terms, expressed as either (i) the 
product between the Cap Percentage and the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) a value predetermined by the 
Issuer, specified in the relevant Final Terms. If more values are provided, the applicable Final Terms will 
also specify the relevant details; 
Cap Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Style 1 means in relation to a Cap Level and if the Restrike Feature is indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the calculation method pursuant to which, if the Restrike Event has occurred, the 
Cap Level will be determined in accordance with the Restrike Percentage; 
Cap Style 2 means in relation to a Cap Level and if the Restrike Feature is indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the calculation method pursuant to which, if the Restrike Event has occurred, the 
Cap Level will not be taken into consideration for the purposes of the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Cash Settled Securities means Securities that entitle their holders to receive from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date the Cash Settlement Amount, if it results in an amount higher than zero; 
Cash Settlement Amount means, in relation to a Cash Settled Securities, the amount in the Settlement 
Currency which the Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date in relation to each 
Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the provisions under the section "Settlement 
Amount" of Condition 23 (Pay out provisions). The Cash Settlement Amount shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Securities exercised or redeemed, as the case 
may be, at the same time by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining 
the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount payable;  
Clearing System shall mean Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Cliquet Feature means the method for changing the Digital Level and the Participation Remuneration 
Level on, respectively, any Digital Valuation Period and Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period, as specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to which the Digital Level and the 
Participation Remuneration Level will be changed, either automatically or upon occurrence of the 
condition(s) specified from time to time in the applicable Final Terms. Such method may indicate: 
(i) in relation to each Cliquet Valuation Period, the relevant Reference Value or Spread (in the case 
of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates), for the determination of the applicable Digital Level; and/or 
(ii) different percentage(s) to be applied to the Initial Reference Value and/or Reference Value(s) 
or Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates) for the determination of the applicable Digital Level, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Moreover, in relation to each different Digital Level the Issuer will also specify the related applicable 
Digital Amount. 
The investors will be informed of the update of the Digital Level and the Participation Remuneration 
Level in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices); 
Cliquet Valuation Period means, if the Cliquet Feature is applicable, the period composed of one or 
more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent

--- Page 81 ---
81 
determines the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or the Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates). 
In the event of more Cliquet Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Cliquet 
Valuation Period, the Second Cliquet Valuation Period, and so on.  
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Cliquet Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Cliquet Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Combined Amount means, in relation to Combined Amount Certificates, the amount equal to the 
product of the Multiplier of the Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant Final 
Reference Value, which may differ from the Underlying used to determine the occurrence of the Barrier 
Event and/or from the Underlying used to the determine the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Combined Securities means the type of Securities which is a combination of two or more of the 
following types, as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms: Index Securities, Share 
Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Govies Securities, Fund Securities, 
Interest Rate Securities and Commodities Securities; 
Commodity means, in relation to each Series, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the commodity 
indicated as Underlying in the relevant Final Terms; 
Commodity Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Commodities or 
one or more Baskets of Commodities; 
Consolidation Effect means the feature that may be specified as applicable in relation to the Digital 
Amount and the Participation Remuneration Amount if there are several Digital Valuation Periods or 
several Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods. 
The Consolidation Effect will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the 
Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates):  
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Level on the relevant 
Consolidation Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Consolidation Valuation Period, equal to, higher than 
or lower than the relevant Consolidation Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Level during the 
relevant Consolidation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Consolidation Level and the relevant Down Range Consolidation Level (included or 
excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant 
Consolidation Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such effect 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied

--- Page 82 ---
82 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents.  
If the Consolidation Effect occurs, the Digital Event/Participation Remuneration Event will automatically 
occur without further determinations for all the Digital Valuation Periods/Participation Remuneration 
Event Valuation Periods following such Consolidation Valuation Period and, therefore, the investors will 
receive all the relevant Digital Amounts/Participation Remuneration Amounts (if positive).  
If the Consolidation Effect occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Consolidation Floor Event means the event that may be specified as applicable in relation to Max Long 
Certificates and Max Short Certificates, occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference 
Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Floor Level on the relevant 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period; and/or 
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, equal to, higher 
than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Floor Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Floor Level during 
the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Consolidation Floor Level and the relevant Down Range Consolidation Floor Level 
(included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the 
relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents.  
Upon the occurrence of the Consolidation Floor Event, the Cash Settlement Amount of the Max Long 
Certificates and Max Short Certificates, will be determined in accordance with a calculation method 
different from the calculation method applicable if the Consolidation Floor Event does not occur, as 
detailed in Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions).  
If the Consolidation Floor Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published 
on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Consolidation Floor Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the 
occurrence of a Consolidation Floor Event.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
In the event of multiple Consolidation Floor Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the 
First Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the Second Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, and 
so on; 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Consolidation Floor Valuation Period or 
on one Exchange Business Day of the Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Consolidation Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of the Consolidation Effect. 
The Consolidation Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an 
independent percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or 
by a predetermined value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Consolidation Valuation Period.  
The Consolidation Level may be identical for all the Consolidation Valuation Periods or it may differ for 
each Consolidation Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If there are more 
Consolidation Levels, the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms the First Consolidation Level, 
the Second Consolidation Level and so on. 
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant 
Final Terms the occurrence of the Consolidation Effect in relation to one or more Underlying(s) and the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the Consolidation Level for each Underlying. In particular, for the 
purposes of determining the occurrence of a Consolidation Effect, the applicable Final Terms will specify 
the number of Underlyings in relation to which the Consolidation Effect has to occur; 
Consolidation Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Consolidation Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of 
a Consolidation Effect. 
In case of more Consolidation Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First 
Consolidation Valuation Period, the Second Consolidation Valuation Period, and so on. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Consolidation 
Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Consolidation Valuation Period or on 
one Exchange Business Day of the Consolidation Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Conversion Rate means, in relation to Dual Currency FX Certificates, the rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Converted Turbo Certificates means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, if Reverse Split is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amended Turbo Certificates after the application of the 
Reverse Split calculated by dividing the number of Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates by the Reverse 
Split Ratio;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Corridor Early Amount means, in relation to Corridor Warrants, the amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to be paid to the Securityholder on the Corridor Early Payment Date per each Minimum 
Exercise Amount if a Barrier Event has occurred. The Corridor Early Amount could be also equal to zero; 
Corridor Early Payment Date means, in relation to Corridor Warrants, the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event that the Corridor Early Amount is set equal to zero, the Corridor 
Early Payment Date will be specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms; 
Coupon Determination Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines whether the 
Coupon Event has occurred. 
In case of more Coupon Determination Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Coupon 
Determination Period, the Second Coupon Determination Period, and so on; 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Coupon Determination Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Coupon Determination Period, the provisions set out within Condition 
15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Coupon Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring when the 
Calculation Agent determines that, during the relevant Coupon Determination Period, the Reference 
Value of one or more Underlying(s), or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates) is equal to, higher than or lower than the 
relevant Coupon Level. 
The occurrence of the Coupon Event will determine the amount of the Digital Amounts, if applicable, 
and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life of the Certificates. 
Therefore, if on the Coupon Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Coupon Event 
has occurred, the Digital Amounts and/or the Early Redemption Amounts will be determined on the basis 
of the Coupon Premium 1. Conversely, if on the Coupon Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Coupon Event has not occurred, the Digital Amounts and/or the Early Redemption 
Amounts will be determined on the basis of the Coupon Premium 2; 
Coupon Level means, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, the value specified in the relevant 
Final Terms determined as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent percentage 
value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or as a predetermined value, 
which determines the occurrence of the Coupon Event. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Coupon Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Coupon 
Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant 
Coupon Level for each Underlying; 
Coupon Premium 1 means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms 
that, if the Coupon Event has occurred, will be used for the determination of the amount of the Digital 
Amounts, if applicable, and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life 
of the Certificates; 
Coupon Premium 2 means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms 
that, if the Coupon Event has not occurred, will be used for the determination of the amount of the Digital

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Amounts, if applicable, and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life 
of the Certificates; 
Coupon Valuation Date means the Exchange Business Day, specified in the applicable Final Terms, on 
which the Calculation Agent if the Coupon Event has occurred during the Coupon Determination Period 
and therefore if the Digital Amounts, if applicable, and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if 
applicable, payable during the life of the Certificates will be determined on the basis of the Coupon 
Premium 1 or on the basis of the Coupon Premium 2; 
Cumulated Bonus Amount means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, the amount that will be 
determined as specified under Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions); 
Cumulated Performance means, in relation to the Multiperformance Long/Short Certificates, the 
Multiperformance Max Long/Short Certificates, the sum of the performances of each Underlying 
calculated as follows: 
∑( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝒊
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝒊
𝒏
𝒊=𝟏
−1) 
Where: 
"Final Reference Valuei" means the Final Reference Value of Underlying "i"; 
"Initial Reference Valuei" means the Initial Reference Value of Underlying "i"; 
"n" means the number of the Underlyings; 
Darwin Feature means the determination method that may be specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to the occurrence of an event and/or the determination of an amount to be paid.  
If the Darwin Feature applies, the applicable Final Terms will specify in relation to each valuation period 
of each event and/or in relation to each amount to be paid (Remuneration Amount and/or the Settlement 
Amount and/or the Early Redemption Amount), the Underlying value to be considered (i.e. Best of 
Underlying, Worst of Underlying, Basket Value or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
In the same way, if the Darwin Feature applies, the applicable Final Terms will specify the determination 
method of the Reference Value to be considered for the occurrence of the Barrier Event (for instance 
Worst Of Underlying) and the determination method of the Initial Reference Value and the Final 
Reference Value to be considered for the calculation of the Settlement Amount, that can be different from 
the method used for the determination of the occurrence of the Barrier Event; 
Day Count Fraction means, in relation to the Interest Rate Warrants and to the calculation of Premium 
Gap Amounts: 
− 
if "ACT/360" is specified as applicable, the actual number of days in the relevant Floating 
Amount Determination Period or Settlement Determination Period or Premium Gap Observation 
Period, respectively, divided by 360; 
− 
if "Actual/Actual" is specified as applicable, means:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(i) in relation to the calculation of the Premium Gap Amounts, the actual number of days in 
the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period divided by the number of days comprised in 
the relevant Premium Determination Period; 
(ii) in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the actual number of days in the Floating Amount 
Determination Period, or Settlement Determination Period divided by number of days 
comprised in the relevant Floating Amount Determination Period, or Settlement 
Determination Period; 
− 
if "30/360" is specified as applicable, means the number of days in the Premium Gap Observation 
Period or Floating Amount Determination Period, or Settlement Determination Period, calculated 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 𝑥 (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
 
Where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Premium Gap Observation 
Period, Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement Determination Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Premium Gap Observation Period, Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement 
Determination Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Premium Gap 
Observation Period, Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement Determination Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Premium Gap Observation Period, Floating Amount Determination Period or 
Settlement Determination Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Premium Gap Observation Period, 
Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement Determination Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30;  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Premium Gap Observation Period, Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement 
Determination Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
Delivery Date means, in the case of an offer of Securities, the Business Day specified from time to time 
in the relevant Final Terms and on which the Securities are delivered to the Securityholder. Delivery shall 
mean the relevant accounting evidence of such Securities in the securities depository account or such 
other account of the relevant investor (as indicated by the investor in the relevant subscription module) 
or of the relevant Manager; 
Determination Date means one or more Exchange Business Days on which the Value of the Underlying 
is registered for the purpose of the calculation of the Initial Reference Value (pursuant to the terms set 
out in the definition of Initial Reference Value), as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Digital Amount means, upon occurrence of the relevant Digital Event in relation to the relevant Digital 
Valuation Period, the amount in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholder on the relevant 
Digital Payment Date per each Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out 
provisions). 
If the Multiple Level Option is applicable, the relevant Final Terms will specify the Digital Amount 1 
and the Digital Amount 2, and so on, which will be respectively linked to the Digital Level 1, the Digital 
Level 2 and so on. In this case, the holders of the Securities will be entitled to receive the Digital Amount 
relating to the higher Digital Level reached by the Reference Value; 
If the Cliquet Feature is applicable, in relation to each different Digital Level, the Issuer will also specify 
the related applicable Digital Amount; 
Digital Combo Feature means, in relation to Certificates linked to a Basket or to more Underlyings that 
are not a Basket, the calculation method, if provided by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant 
to which the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of the calculation of the Digital Amount, will determine 
the occurrence of the Digital Event (and eventually will determine the Consolidation Level, the Memory 
Level, the Knock-out Level and the Knock-in Level) in relation to each Basket Constituent or each 
Underlying. The amount of the Digital Amount will therefore depend on the number of Basket 
Constituents or on the number of Underlyings in relation to which the Digital Event has occurred; 
Digital Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), 
or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Digital Level on the relevant Digital Valuation 
Period; and/or 
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Digital Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Digital Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Digital Level during the relevant 
Digital Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Digital Level and the relevant Down Range Digital Level (included or excluded in the 
range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Digital Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents.  
If a Digital Event occurs, the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Digital 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Digital Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the website 
of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Digital Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of the Digital Event.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
The Digital Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or the Reference 
Value or as an independent percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance 
Certificates) or by a predetermined value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Digital Valuation Period.  
The Digital Level may be identical for all the Digital Valuation Periods or it may differ for each Digital 
Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If there are more Digital Levels, the Issuer 
will indicate in the relevant Final Terms: (i) the First Digital Level, the Second Digital Level and so on, 
in relation to the relevant Digital Valuation Period, or alternatively (ii) the Digital Level 1, the Digital 
Level 2, and so on, in relation to the same Digital Valuation Period. 
In the case of Cliquet Feature, the applicable Final Terms will specify the method for changing the Digital 
Level in relation to one or more Digital Valuation Periods. 
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant 
Final Terms the occurrence of the Digital Event in relation to one or more Underlyings and the applicable 
Final Terms will specify the Digital Level for each Underlying. In particular, for the purposes of 
determining the occurrence of a Digital Event, the applicable Final Terms will specify the number of 
Underlyings in relation to which the Digital Event has to occur; 
Digital Payment Date means the Business Day on which the Issuer shall pay the Digital Amount to the 
Securityholders; 
Digital Percentage means, in relation to the Digital Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Digital Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a 
Digital Event.  
In the event of more Digital Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Digital 
Valuation Period, the Second Digital Valuation Period, and so on.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Digital Valuation 
Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Digital Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Digital Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Discount Price means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the price that will be used in 
order to determine the initial trading price of the Securities. Such initial trading price may be different 
from the Discount Price. The Discount Price will be lower than the Issue Price; 
Disrupted Day means any Exchange Business Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
Dividend Period Start Date means, in respect of a Share, the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Down Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Down Range Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of: (i) the Accumulating Event (the "Down Range Accumulating Level"); or 
(ii) the Consolidation Effect (the "Down Range Consolidation Level"); or (iii) the Consolidation Floor 
Event (the "Down Range Consolidation Floor Level"); or (iv) the Digital Event (the "Down Range 
Digital Level"); or (v) the Knock-in Event (the "Down Range Knock-in Level"); or (vi) the Knock-out 
Event (the "Down Range Knock-out Level"); or (vii) the Memory Effect (the "Down Range Memory 
Level"); or (viii) the Participation Remuneration Event (the "Down Range Participation Remuneration 
Level"); or (ix) the Early Redemption Event (the "Down Range Early Redemption Level"); or (x) the 
Switch Event (the "Down Range Switch Level"); or (xi) the Multiple Strike Eventi (the "Down Range 
Multiple Strike Leveli"). The Down Range Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference 
Value or as an independent percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance 
Certificates) or by a predetermined value. If there are more Underlyings, the applicable Final Terms will 
specify the relevant Down Range Level for each Underlying; 
Dropdown Protection Amount means, in relation to Short Lucky Protection Certificates, the amount 
specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms; 
Dropdown Protection Level means, in relation to Long Lucky Protection Certificates, the value 
specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. The Dropdown Protection Level is represented 
by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value (or as an independent percentage value in relation to Spread 
Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a predetermined value; 
Dynamic Protection Level means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the value specified 
from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. The Dynamic Protection Level is represented by a 
percentage of the Initial Reference Value or by a predetermined value; 
Dual Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Early Partial Capital Payment Amount means, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
paid to the Securityholder for each Minimum Exercise Amount on the relevant Early Partial Capital 
Payment Date; 
Early Partial Capital Payment Date means, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Business 
Day on which the Issuer shall pay the relevant Early Partial Capital Payment Amount to the 
Securityholder;  
Early Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Early Payment Date means the Business Day on which the Issuer shall pay the Early Redemption 
Amount to the Securityholders; 
Early Redemption Amount means, upon occurrence of the Early Redemption Event in the relevant 
Early Redemption Valuation Period, (i) in relation to Certificates, the amount in the Settlement Currency 
to be paid to the Securityholder on the relevant Early Payment Date per each Minimum Exercise Amount 
pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions); (ii) in relation to Turbo Certificates, an amount that will 
be equal to 0 (zero); (iii) in relation to Warrants (only applicable to Warrants to be admitted to listing 
and/or trading without prior offer), an amount that will be equal to 0 (zero). 
The Early Redemption Amount may be the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or may be an 
amount determined on the basis of the performance of the Underlying specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Terms, in accordance with one of the calculation methods of the Early Redemption Amount described in 
Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). 
If the Early Redemption Amount is an amount determined on the basis of the performance of the 
Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount may be, as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms, "Long Early Redemption Amount" or "Long Cap Early Redemption 
Amount" or "Short Early Redemption Amount" or "Short Cap Early Redemption Amount"; 
Early Redemption Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms and in relation to 
Turbo Certificates (for which the Early Redemption Event is always applicable), the event occurring if 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread 
Certificates), or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Early Redemption Level on the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period, equal to, higher 
than or lower than the relevant Early Redemption Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Early Redemption Level during 
the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Early Redemption Level and the relevant Down Range Early Redemption Level 
(included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the 
relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents.  
The Securities are deemed to be early redeemed on the hour, minute and second of either (i) the last 
Exchange Business Day of the Early Redemption Valuation Period on which the Early Redemption Event 
has occurred, or (ii) if the Intraday Value is applicable and in any case in relation to Turbo Certificates, 
the Exchange Business Day on which the Early Redemption Event occurred. 
In addition, if the applicable Final Terms provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger, 
an Early Redemption Event occurs if, on the Accumulated Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the relevant Accumulated Amount payable to the investors is lower than, equal to or 
higher than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Accumulating Autocallable Trigger. 
In addition, if the applicable Final Terms provide for the Tarn Amount, an Early Redemption Event 
occurs if, on a Participation Valuation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the Remuneration 
Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount.  
In addition, an Early Redemption Event may also occur in relation to any Security pursuant to Condition 
6 (Hedging Disruption). 
If the Early Redemption Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on 
the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Early Redemption Level means one or more values specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event. 
The Early Redemption Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value (or as an 
independent percentage value in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by 
a predetermined value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to one or more Early Redemption 
Valuation Period, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Early 
Redemption Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the 
Early Redemption Level for each Underlying. 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, the Early Redemption Level is equal to the Strike Price; 
Early Redemption Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the 
occurrence of a Early Redemption Event. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger, the occurrence 
of an Early Redemption Event will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Accumulated 
Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (i.e. the Early Redemption Valuation Period will 
coincide with the Accumulated Valuation Date). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for the Tarn Amount, the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Participation Valuation Period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (i.e. the Early Redemption Valuation Period will coincide with the 
Participation Valuation Period). 
In the event of more Early Redemption Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First 
Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Second Early Redemption Valuation Period and so on.  
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Early Redemption Valuation Period or 
on one Exchange Business Day of the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Electronic Page means, in respect of an Underlying or a Basket Constituent, the electronic page or source 
specified for such Underlying or Basket Constituent in the applicable Final Terms, or either (i) any 
successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider that has been designated by the 
sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or (ii) if such sponsor has not officially designated a 
successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider, the successor electronic page or 
source or information vendor or provider designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if 
different from such sponsor) or any alternative electronic page or source designated by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that, if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation Agent determines that it is not necessary 
or appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any such successor electronic page or source or information 
vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be either the originally designated electronic page or 
source or such other electronic page or source as selected by the Calculation Agent. Where more than 
one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an Underlying or a Basket Constituent, then the provisions 
of the preceding sentence shall be construed accordingly and (i) if there is any discrepancy between any 
relevant price or level displayed on the relevant Electronic Pages for any Exchange Business Day, the 
relevant price or level selected by the Calculation Agent shall be used for such Exchange Business Day; 
and (ii) if any relevant price or level is not published on all of such Electronic Pages but is published on 
one or more of such Electronic Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use such published price or level for 
the purpose of determining any calculation or determination in respect of the Certificates and no Market

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Disruption Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other 
Electronic Page(s); 
Entitlement means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security (only applicable in case of Share 
Securities), the quantity of the Relevant Assets which a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the 
Settlement Date in respect of each such Security following payment of any sums payable, including the 
Premium (in the case of a Warrant) and Expenses rounded down as provided in Condition 19 (Exercise 
rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants)) and in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)), as determined by the Calculation Agent including any 
documents evidencing such Entitlement; 
Equity Element means, in case of Physical Delivery, the nearest unit of Relevant Asset capable of being 
delivered, specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Ex-Dividend Date means, in respect of a Share, the date on which such Share has commenced trading 
ex – dividend on the Exchange of such Share specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Exchange means, in relation to the Underlying, each reference exchange or quotation system, on which 
the Underlying or related components are principally listed and traded, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the securities/commodities comprising such Underlying has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to the securities or commodities comprising such Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange);  
Exchange Business Day means, in relation to: 
(A) 
Share Securities, Commodity Securities, Exchange Rate Securities: 
any day (i) which is considered an exchange business day by the Reference Source, provided 
that on that day such Reference Source is open for trading, except for the days on which trading 
sessions close earlier than the regular closing hours and (ii) on which the Reference Source is 
open for trading during the regular trading hours;  
(B) 
Index Securities: 
the day on which (i) the Index Sponsor determines and publishes the Index level and (ii) the 
Exchange is open for trading during the regular trading hours; 
(C) 
Futures Contract Securities: 
any day on which the Futures Contract is regularly listed on the Reference Source. If on such a 
day a Market Disruption Event occurs, such day will not be considered as Exchange Business 
Day;  
(D) 
Fund Securities: 
(i) 
in the case of unlisted Funds: any day on which the Net Asset Value of each Fund is (or 
would have been if a Market Disruption Event had not occurred) determined and/or 
published by the Management Company or the Fund Manager; and

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(ii) in the case of listed Funds: any day on which the price relating to each Fund is (or would 
have been if a Market Disruption Event had not occurred) regularly determined and 
published by the relevant Reference Source; 
(E) 
Interest Rate Securities: 
any day on which the Interest Rate is determined and/or published by the relevant Calculation 
Entity; 
(G) 
Govies Securities: 
any day (i) which is considered an exchange business day by the Reference Source, provided 
that on that day such Reference Source is open for trading, except for the days on which trading 
sessions close earlier than the regular closing hours and (ii) on which the Reference Source is 
open for trading during the regular trading hours; and, only in the case of Govies Securities 
linked to the Yield of Government Bond, (iii) on which the information source specified in the 
applicable Final Terms publishes the value of such yield(s); 
(H) 
if the Underlyings are Baskets: 
the day which is an Exchange Business Day for all the relevant Basket Constituents or, in case 
of Baskets of Baskets, the day which is an Exchange Business Day for all the relevant financial 
assets composing each of the Baskets representing the Baskets Constituent;  
In the event that one or more dates specified in the applicable Final Terms do not fall on an Exchange 
Business Day, such dates shall shift to an Exchange Business Day in accordance with the convention 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Exchange Business Day Convention), provided however that, 
if such new Exchange Business Day is already a date relevant for the fixing of the Value of the 
Underlying, the date originally specified shall shift again to an Exchange Business Day which is not a 
date relevant for the fixing of the Value of the Underlying.  
In the case of a Basket, or in the case of Best Of Feature and Worst Of Feature, if one or more dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms do not fall on an Exchange Business Day for one or more Basket 
Constituents or for one or more Underlyings such dates will be postponed to (i) the immediately following 
or previous day (as specified in the relevant Final Terms from time to time) which is an Exchange 
Business Day for all the Basket Constituents or for all the Underlyings or (ii) (a) for each Basket 
Constituent or for each Underlying in relation to which such date is not an Exchange Business Day, the 
immediately following or previous day (as specified in the relevant Final Terms from time to time) which 
is an Exchange Business Day and (b) for all the Basket Constituents or for all the Underlyings in relation 
to which such date is an Exchange Business Day, the date originally scheduled; 
Exchange Rate means either:  
(i) 
in case of Exchange Rate Securities, the exchange rate between currencies constituting 
the Underlying (as single or as a Basket Constituent) of the Securities if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
in relation to Non Quanto Securities in general with reference to the relevant 
Underlying, the exchange rate on a given date between the Underlying Reference 
Currency and the Settlement Currency (expressed as a number of units or portion of 
the Underlying Reference Currency necessary to purchase a unit in the Settlement 
Currency), determined by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of the determination

--- Page 94 ---
94 
of the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Redemption Amounts or Remuneration 
Amounts or Corridor Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital Payment and the relevant 
events. The Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate by making reference 
to the exchange rate (fixing) between the Underlying Reference Currency and the 
Settlement Currency determined by the information source specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the exchange rate is not published or announced at the relevant time 
on such information source, either (i) the successor or alternative information source 
or (ii) the determination method to be carried out by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Exchange Rate Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Exchange 
Rates or one or more Baskets of Exchange Rates; 
Exchange Rate Weights means in relation to Currency Certificates the weight for each exchange rate 
Underlying expressed as a percentage, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Exercise Business Day means, in respect of Warrants: 
(a) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, a day that is a Business Day; 
(b) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, a day that is a Business Day and an Exchange Business 
Day.  
Exercise Date means the Business Day on which the Securities are exercised, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Exercise Date will be a day which 
is both a Business Day and an Exchange Business Day; 
Exercise Price means, in relation to Call Covered Warrants and Put Covered Warrants the amount or the 
value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or determined in the date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Amount means, in relation to one or more Extra Consolidation Digital 
Valuation Periods, the amount(s) in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholders on the 
relevant Digital Payment Date (or the other date specified in the relevant Final Terms) per each Minimum 
Exercise Amount, if an Extra Consolidation Digital Event has occurred; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Event means, in relation to an Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if: 
(a) 
prior to the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, a Consolidation Event has 
occurred and 
(b) the Calculation Agent determines that in the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Reference Value (or the Spread in the case of Spread Certificates, or the Cumulated 
Performance in the case of Multiperformance Certificates) is lower than, equal to or higher than 
the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Level or, in relation to Securities with more than one 
Underlying, the Reference Value of each Underlying has been on at least one Extra 
Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Extra 
Consolidation Digital Level, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
In that case the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Extra Consolidation 
Digital Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms in connection to such Extra Consolidation Digital 
Valuation Period. 
If the Extra Consolidation Digital Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and 
only in case the Consolidation Effect is specified as applicable, the feature pursuant to which the Extra 
Consolidation Digital Amount potentially payable in case of Extra Consolidation Digital Event, after the 
occurrence of a Consolidation Event, will be eventually due and payable to the Securityholders; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Level means one or more values determined from time to time in the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period. 
The Extra Consolidation Digital Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value (or 
as an independent percentage value in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) 
or by a predetermined value.  
If there are Extra Consolidation Digital Levels, the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms, in 
relation to the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the First Extra Consolidation 
Digital Level, the Second Extra Consolidation Digital Level and so on. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Extra Consolidation Digital Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence 
of the Extra Consolidation Digital Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final 
Terms may specify the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Level for each Underlying; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines the 
occurrence of an Extra Consolidation Digital Event. In the event of more Extra Consolidation Digital 
Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Extra Consolidation Digital 
Valuation Period, the Second Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period or on one Exchange Business Day of the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the 
provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Final Gearing means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the percentage equal to the Gearing 
multiplied by the number of Gearing Events occurred during the life of the Certificates; 
Final Leverage means, in relation to Lucky Protection Certificates, the value determined according to 
one of the following formulas: 
(i) 
In case of Long Lucky Protection Certificates: 
Final Leverage = Initial Leverage – (Adjust Factor x Negative Performance) 
(ii) In case of Short Lucky Protection Certificates: 
Final Leverage = Initial Leverage – (Adjust Factor x Positive Performance)

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Where: 
"Initial Leverage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Adjust Factor" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Negative Performance" means the performance of the Underlying, determined according to the 
following formula and always represented by a positive value:  
Max[0; 1 – (Final Reference Value / Initial Reference Value)] 
"Positive Performance" means the performance of the Underlying, determined according to the 
following formula:  
Max[0; (Final Reference Value / Initial Reference Value) – 1] 
Final Notional Amount means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Final Reference Value or FRV means the value or the values calculated by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the following provisions, in accordance with the relevant Final Terms:  
If the Underlying is one or more financial asset(s) (and not a Basket): 
(A) the Value of the Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the Value of the 
Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Valuation Date determined 
by the Calculation Agent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, without considering 
possible changes published at a later stage in relation to the Value of Underlying; or 
(B) the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the 
Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the arithmetic mean or a percentage 
of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) on the Valuation Dates, ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the last Valuation 
Date set out in the relevant Final Terms, and determined pursuant to the following formula:  
𝑭𝑹𝑽= 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑟𝑖𝑡ℎ𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × (1
𝑥× ∑𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑗)
𝑥
𝑗=1
 
Where: 
"Final Arithmetic Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if not specified, the Final Arithmetic Percentage will be equal to 
100%); 
"x" is the number of Valuation Dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Underlying j" is the Value of the Underlying as determined on the Valuation Date "j", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) the maximum or minimum Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in case of 
more than one Underlying, the maximum or minimum Value of the Underlying(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Underlying during one or more

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Final Reference Value Determination Period(s) ascertained by the Calculation Agent on 
the Valuation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(D) in case of Exchange Rate Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount equal to the quotient of (a) 1 (as numerator) and (b) the Value calculated pursuant 
to (A), (B) or (C) above (as denominator); or 
(E) in case of Share Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, either:  
(i)  the Adjusted Price on the Valuation Date or  
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the Adjusted Price on the Valuation Dates, ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent on the last Valuation Date set out in the relevant Final Terms, and 
determined pursuant to the following formula:  
𝑭𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐴𝑃𝑗
𝑥
𝑗=1
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of Valuation Dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"APj" is the Adjusted Price of the Underlying as determined on the Valuation Date 
"j", as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Underlying is a Basket: 
(A) the Basket Value on the Valuation Date, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent and 
without considering possible changes published at a later stage in relation to the Basket 
Value; or 
(B) the arithmetic mean of the Basket Values on the Valuation Dates as ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent and without considering possible changes published at a later stage in 
relation to the Basket Value, and determined pursuant to the following formula: 
𝑭𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑗
𝑥
𝑗=1
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of Valuation Dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Basketj" is the Basket Value calculated on the Valuation Date "j", as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) the maximum or minimum Basket Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
recorded in relation to the Basket during one or more Final Reference Value Determination 
Period(s), ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date, as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
If the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the Issuer/the investor, the Reference Value determined by 
the Calculation Agent in the related Call Valuation Period/Put Valuation Period, will be considered as 
Final Reference Value; 
Final Reference Value Determination Period means, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, one or 
more period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Floating Amount(s) means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the amount(s) in the Settlement 
Currency to be paid, if positive, to the Securityholder on the Floating Amount Payment Date per each 
Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). 
Floating Amount Determination Date means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, each date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms on which the relevant Floating Amount is determined in relation to the 
relevant Floating Amount Determination Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Floating Amount Determination Date, 
the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Floating Amount Determination Period means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, each period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms related to each Floating Amount. In case of more Floating Amount 
Determination Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Floating Amount Determination 
Period, the Second Floating Amount Determination Period, and so on.  
Floating Amount Payment Date means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the Business Day(s) on 
which the Issuer shall pay the Floating Amount to the Securityholders; 
Floor Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to time in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Floor Percentage will always be equal to or higher than 0 per cent.; 
Fund means the fund specified in the relevant Final Terms as Underlying. The Fund may be either 
unlisted or listed (e.g. Exchange Traded Funds - ETF); 
Fund Manager means the Management Company (as defined below), the director, the manager or other 
entity which is responsible for publishing the Net Asset Value on behalf of the Management Company, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Fund Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Funds or one or more 
Baskets of Funds; 
Futures Contract means either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the future contract specified as 
Underlying in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Certificates on Futures Contract, the lifetime of 
such instruments will reflect the lifetime of the related underlying futures. However, if the feature Futures 
Contract First Near-by is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will be entitled to 
determine the Initial Reference Value on the basis of a Futures Contract First Near-by. In such case, the 
Applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Rollover Date; 
Futures Contract First Near-by means, when the Underlying is represented by a Futures Contract, the 
futures contract that has (i) the same features of the Futures Contract indicated as Underlying, and (ii) 
has an expiration date which is the closest to the Determination Date; 
Futures Contract Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Futures 
Contracts or one or more Baskets of Futures Contracts;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Gap Daily Performance means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the daily performance of the relevant 
Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent on each day of the Barrier Gap Observation Period, 
as follows: 
𝐺𝑎𝑝 𝐷𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑦 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡= 𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝑅𝑉𝑡−1
−1  
Where: 
"RVt" means the Reference Value determined on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"RVt - 1" means the Reference Value determined on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
Gearing means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Gearing Event means the event occurring when the Reference Value is lower than, equal to or higher 
than (as indicated in relevant Final Terms) the relevant Gearing Level;  
Gearing Factor means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Gearing Level means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, one or more values specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or by a predetermined value; 
Global Performance means, in relation to the Global Performance Certificates, the sum or the 
average/mean, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, of the performances of the relevant Underlying 
as determined, in respect of any Performance Observation Date, by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
∑Max [Local Floor Percentaget; (RVt −(RVsx Global Strike Percentaget)
RVs
) x Participation Factort]
𝑛
𝑡=1
 
Or, if the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
∑Min {CAPt; Max[Local Floor Percentaget ; (RVt −(RVsx GlobalStrike Percentaget)
RVs
 ) x Partecipation Factort]}
n
t=1
 
Where: 
"n" means the number of the Performance Observation Dates;  
"RVt" means the Reference Value calculated on the Performance Observation Date "t" specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"RVs" means the Reference Value calculated on the Performance Observation Date "s" specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factort" means the Participation Factor corresponding to the relevant Participation 
Observation Date "t" specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CAPt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation 
to the relevant Participation Observation Date "t";

--- Page 100 ---
100 
"Global Strike Percentaget" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to the relevant Participation Observation Date "t"; and 
"Local Floor Percentaget" means the value expressed as a percentage, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in relation to the relevant Participation Observation Date "t". Such percentage may also be 
negative; 
GDR means a Global Depositary Receipt which will be specified as the underlying asset or a Basket 
Constituent, from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
Save where specifically provided under the applicable Final Terms, all references in the Conditions or, 
as applicable, to the "Shares" shall be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, and/or the 
underlying shares, references to the issuer of the Share, as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer 
of the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the underlying shares, and references to the 
"Exchange" shall be deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as 
the case may be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system on which the underlying shares are 
listed, and with such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may consider 
necessary or otherwise desirable provided that any such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the 
holders of Securities; 
Government Bond means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, a bond issued by a national 
government of an OECD member country or by an international public organisation established by (or 
mainly represented by) OECD member countries, listed on a liquid regulated market (for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU as amended) or multilateral trading facility, that may constitute the Underlying of 
Govies Securities from time to time and as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Govies Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Government Bonds 
or one or more Baskets of Government Bonds or the Yield of Government Bond or the yield of one or 
more Baskets of Government Bonds; 
In-The-Money means:  
(a) 
in the case of a Warrant which is a Cash Settled Security, the Cash Settlement Amount in respect 
of such Warrant is greater than zero; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Security, the value of the Entitlement on 
the Actual Exercise Date for such Warrant is greater than the Premium as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
Index means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the Italian or foreign indices constituting the 
Underlying from time to time and as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Index Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Indexes or one or more 
Baskets of Indexes, provided that any of such Indexes will not be composed by the Issuer or by any legal 
entity belonging to the same group; 
Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, 
related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular 
basis during each Exchange Business Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for 
such Index in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Indicative Price means, in relation to Warrants, the price of the Warrants as admitted to 
listing/negotiations specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined on the basis of the market 
parameters registered on a date around the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Initial Gearing means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the value expressed as a 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Initial Percentage means the value or the values expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Initial Reference Value or IRV means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
I. 
the predetermined value or values (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the predetermined 
value or values of the Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms; or  
II. 
without prejudice to the adjustments set out in the Terms and Conditions, the value or values 
calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the following provisions, in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms: 
If the Underlying is one or more financial asset(s) (and not a Basket): 
(A) 
the Value of the Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the Value of each 
Underlying or the Value of the Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
on the Determination Date, determined by the Calculation Agent, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, without considering possible changes published at a later stage 
in relation to the Value of the Underlying; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the 
Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the arithmetic mean or a 
percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of each Underlying or of the 
Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Determination Dates, 
ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the last Determination Date set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, and determined pursuant to the following formula: 
𝑰𝑹𝑽= 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑟𝑖𝑡ℎ𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × (1
𝑥× ∑𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑡)
𝑥
𝑡=1
 
Where: 
"Initial Arithmetic Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (if not specified, the Initial Arithmetic Percentage will be 
equal to 100%); 
"x" is the number of Determination Dates specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlyingt" is the Value of the Underlying determined on the Determination Date "t", 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) 
the minimum or maximum Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in case 
of more than one Underlying, the maximum or minimum Value of the Underlying(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Underlying during

--- Page 102 ---
102 
one or more Initial Reference Value Determination Period(s) ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent on the Determination Date(s), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(D) 
in case of Exchange Rate Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount equal to the quotient of (a) 1 (as numerator) and (b) the Value calculated 
pursuant to (A), (B), or (C) above (as denominator); 
(E) 
when the Underlying is represented by a Futures Contract and if the feature Futures 
Contract First Near-by is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Reference Value of the Futures Contract First Near-by with the expiry date which 
immediately follows the Determination Date. In this case the relevant Final Terms will 
indicate the relevant Rollover Date.  
If the Underlying is a Basket: 
(A) 
the Basket Value on the Determination Date, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
and without considering possible changes published at a later stage in relation to the 
Basket Value. If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Value on the 
Determination Date may be equal to 1;  
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the Basket Values on the Determination Dates as ascertained by 
the Calculation Agent, and without considering possible changes published at a later 
stage in relation to the Basket Value, and determined pursuant to the following formula: 
  
𝑰𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝑥
𝑡=1
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of Determination Dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Baskett" is the Basket Value as calculated on the Determination Date "t"; or 
(C) 
the amount corresponding to the minimum or maximum Basket Value (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Basket during one or more Initial 
Reference Value Observation Period(s), ascertained by the Calculation Agent (pursuant 
to the terms specified in the foregoing definition of "Basket Value") on the 
Determination Date, as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
Initial Reference Value Determination Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Cap means, in relation to the Interest Rate Warrants, and for the purposes of the calculation of 
the Floating Amount and the Cash Settlement Amount, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
Interest Determination Date means, in relation to the Premium Gap Amount, the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Interest Rate means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the interest rate representing the 
Underlying from time to time and as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Interest Rate Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Interest Rates 
or one or more Baskets of Interest Rates; 
Internal Return Amount (which can be IRA Compound or IRA Simple) means the amount linked to 
the performance of the Underlying as indicated in the relevant Final Terms (if applicable);  
Internal Return Amount (IRA) Cap means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to the Internal Return Amount (if applicable);  
Intraday Value means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and in order to calculate 
the Reference Value, the official level published by the Index Sponsor, the official traded price, quoted 
on the relevant Exchange, the Exchange Rate value quoted on the relevant over-the-counter or quotation-
based market indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the official Interest Rate value, the Net Asset Value 
of such Underlying or Basket Constituent (without limitation, as the case may be and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) continuously observed on such day by the Calculation Agent on the applicable 
Electronic Page, subject as provided in Condition 15(2) (Adjustment Events relating to the Underlying 
and correction provisions in relation to the Securities); 
Irish Listing Agent means Société Générale Luxembourg, acting as listing agent in Ireland;  
Issue Currency means the currency specified from time to time in the applicable Final Terms; 
Issue Date means the Business Day on which the Securities are issued. Such a date is specified from time 
to time in the relevant Final Terms; 
Issue Price means the price of issue of the Certificates; 
Issuer means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. with registered office at Piazza San Carlo, 156 - 10121 Turin, Italy; 
Italian Bail-in Power means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, 
but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and 
(ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a 
regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person 
(or suspended for a temporary period); 
Italian Resolution Authority means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other 
country in which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary responsibility 
for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer acting in its capacity as resolution authority 
within the meaning of Article 2(18) of the BRRD; 
Italian Traded Securities means Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that an 
application will be made to admit such Securities to trading on an Italian multilateral trading facility and 
the expression Italian Traded Warrants and Italian Traded Certificates shall be construed 
accordingly;

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Knock-in Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), 
or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-in Level on the relevant Knock-in 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Knock-in Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-in Level during the 
relevant Knock-in Valuation Period; or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Knock-in Level and the relevant Down Range Knock-in Level (included or excluded in 
the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Knock-in Valuation 
Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents; 
If the Knock-in Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Knock-in Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and in respect of the 
calculation of any Remuneration Amount, the feature pursuant to which the relevant Remuneration 
Amount becomes payable to the Securityholders after the occurrence of a Knock-in Event. In particular, 
if Knock-in Event occurs during a Knock-in Valuation Period, the investor will benefit from the payment 
of the relevant Remuneration Amount during either the valuation period on which the Knock-in Event 
has occurred and/or the valuation period(s) following the Knock-in Valuation Period in which the Knock-
in Event has occurred, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-in Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of the Knock-in Event. 
The Knock-in Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent 
percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a number, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Knock-in Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Knock-
in Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant 
Knock-in Level for each Underlying; 
Knock-in Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
In the event of more Knock-in Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Knock-
in Valuation Period, the Second Knock-in Valuation Period, and so on.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Knock-in Valuation 
Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Knock-in Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Knock-in Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Knock-out Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event occurring if the 
Calculation Agent Determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates), 
or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-out Level on the relevant Knock-out 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Knock-out Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-out Level during the 
relevant Knock-out Valuation Period; or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Knock-out Level and the relevant Down Range Knock-out Level (included or excluded 
in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Knock-out Valuation 
Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents;  
If the Knock-out Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Knock-out Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and in respect of the 
calculation of any Remuneration Amount, the feature pursuant to which the Remuneration Amount 
potentially payable after the occurrence of a Knock-out Event will cease to be due and payable to the 
Securityholders. In particular, if Knock-out Event occurs during a Knock-out Valuation Period, the 
investor will not benefit from the payment of the relevant Remuneration Amount during either the 
valuation period on which the Knock-out Event has occurred and/or the valuation period(s) following the 
Knock-out Valuation Period in which the Knock-out Event has occurred, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Knock-out Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of the Knock-out Event. 
The Knock-out Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent 
percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a number, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Knock-out Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Knock-
out Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant 
Knock-out Level for each Underlying; 
Knock-out Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a 
Knock-out Event.  
In the event of more Knock-out Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Knock-
out Valuation Period, the Second Knock-out Valuation Period, and so on.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Knock-out 
Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Knock-out Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Knock-out Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Listing Agent means the Irish Listing Agent and/or any other listing agent specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Long Strategy means the financial strategy which gives to the investor the possibility to benefit from the 
positive (increasing) performance of the Underlying(s) in relation to the amount(s) or occurrence of 
event(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Lower Barrier Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the 
occurrence of the Barrier Event. Such value may be set as: 
(i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) a number specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Management Company is the entity responsible for the management of the Fund 
Market Disruption means any event occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day that is deemed to 
be a Market Disruption pursuant to Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event); 
Market Value means, in the case of a Market Disruption Event or Adjustment Event that as a 
consequence of which the Issuer redeems early the Securities, an amount at the market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith pursuant to reasonable market practice and 
aiming to neutralise the effects which the Market Disruption Event or Adjustment Event cause to the 
Certificates; 
Margin means the percentage, which may also be equal to zero, specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Exercise Number means the maximum number of Warrants that may be exercised by the 
Securityholder, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Maximum Level means, in relation to each Series, the value of the Underlying, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined by the Calculation Agent, upon which the Issuer can opt to not carry out the

--- Page 107 ---
107 
issue of the Certificates and the relevant offer shall be deemed consequently cancelled pursuant to the 
applicable Final Terms;  
Memory Effect means the feature that may be specified as applicable in relation to the Digital Amount 
and the Participation Remuneration Amount if there are several Digital Valuation Periods or several 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods. 
The Memory Effect will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread 
(in the case of Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates):  
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Memory Level on the relevant Memory 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Memory Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Memory Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Memory Level during the relevant 
Memory Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Memory Level and the relevant Down Range Memory Level (included or excluded in the 
range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Memory Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such effect 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents.  
If the Memory Effect occurs, the investor will receive the previously unpaid Digital 
Amount(s)/Participation Remuneration Amount(s) in the event that the relevant Digital 
Event/Participation Remuneration Amount Event has not occurred, except where such Digital 
Amounts/Participation Remuneration Amounts have been already paid due to the occurrence of a Digital 
Event/Participation Remuneration Event in a previous Digital Valuation Period/Participation 
Remuneration Valuation Period.  
If the Memory Effect occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Memory Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of the Memory Effect. 
The Memory Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent 
percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a number, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Memory Valuation Period.  
The Memory Level may be identical for all the Memory Valuation Periods or it may differ for each 
Memory Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If there are more Memory Levels, 
the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms the First Memory Level, the Second Memory Level 
and so on.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant 
Final Terms the occurrence of the Memory Effect in relation to one or more Underlyings and the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the Memory Level for each Underlying. In particular, for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Memory Effect, the applicable Final Terms will specify the number 
of Underlyings in relation to which the Memory Effect has to occur; 
Memory Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a 
Memory Effect. 
In case of more Memory Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First Memory 
Valuation Period, the Second Memory Valuation Period, and so on. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Memory Valuation 
Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Memory Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Memory Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Minimum Exercise Amount means the minimum amount of Securities which can be exercised and is 
set out in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each issue;  
Minimum Level means, in the case of Fund Securities, the interest rate swap value as determined on the 
Determination Date, whose term coincides with the lifetime of the Certificates. The Minimum Level upon 
which, if reached, the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Minimum Trading Amount means the amount of Securities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, in relation to each Series admitted to trading;  
MREL Disqualification Event means, in relation to the Certificates that qualify as MREL eligible 
liabilities in the applicable Final Terms, the event occurring if, at any time, by reason of the introduction 
of, or a change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the 
Issue Date, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Certificates is or will be 
excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements provided 
that:  
(i) 
the exclusion of a Series of such Certificates from the MREL Requirements due to the 
remaining maturity of such Certificates being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does 
not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event;  
(ii) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Certificates from the MREL Requirements due to 
there being insufficient headroom for such Certificates within a prescribed exception to the 
otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities (to the extent applicable to 
Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group) does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and  
(iii) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of such Certificates from the MREL Requirements as 
a result of such Certificates being purchased by or on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo or as a result 
of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo, does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event;

--- Page 109 ---
109 
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to Intesa 
Sanpaolo and/or the Group, from time to time (including any applicable transitional or grandfathering 
provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or 
implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and 
any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities adopted by the Republic of Italy, a Relevant Authority or the 
European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies 
are applied generally or specifically to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, 
supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time;  
Multiple Amounti means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, the amount that will be determined 
as specified under Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions); 
Multiple Level Option means, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and if several 
Digital Levels have been provided in relation to the same Digital Valuation Period, the determination 
method of the Digital Level pursuant to which the relevant Final Terms will indicate the Digital Amount 
1 and the Digital Amount 2, and so on, which will be respectively linked to the Digital Level 1, the Digital 
Level 2 and so on. In this case, the holders of the Securities will be entitled to receive the Digital Amount 
relating to the higher Digital Level reached by the Reference Value;  
Multiple Participation Factori means each percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation 
to each Multiple Strike Eventi; 
Multiple Strike Eventi means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, the event occurring if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value: 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Multiple Strike Leveli on the relevant Multiple 
Strike Valuation Period; and/or 
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Multiple Strike Valuation Period, equal to, higher 
than or lower than the relevant Multiple Strike Leveli; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Multiple Strike Leveli during the 
relevant Multiple Strike Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Multiple Strike Leveli and the relevant Down Range Multiple Strike Leveli (included or 
excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Multiple 
Strike Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents.  
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Multiple Strike Eventi, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the 
Multiple Strike Eventi in relation to one or more Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms may specify 
the relevant Multiple Strike Leveli for each Underlying.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
If a Multiple Strike Eventi occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Multiple Strike Leveli means each value that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of each Multiple Strike Eventi, provided that a Multiple Strike Eventi may only 
occur once in respect of each Multiple Strike Leveli. 
The Multiple Strike Leveli is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or the 
Reference Value or as an independent percentage value or by a predetermined value, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Multiple Strike Valuation Period; 
Multiple Strike Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of 
a Multiple Strike Eventi.  
In the event of more Multiple Strike Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will specify the First 
Multiple Strike Valuation Period, the Second Multiple Strike Valuation Period, and so on.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Multiple Strike 
Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Multiple Strike Valuation Period or on 
one Exchange Business Day of the Multiple Strike Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Multiplier means the amount of underlying which is related to a single Certificate or Covered Warrant, 
specified as a predetermined value in the applicable Final Terms or determined according to the method 
of calculation specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
NAV means the net asset value for each share or unit of the Fund as calculated and published by the Fund 
Manager; 
Net Profit Feature means the calculation method, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
for the determination of the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, pursuant to which the 
Remuneration Sum will be deducted from the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, provided 
that the resulting amount cannot be lower than zero; 
Non Quanto Securities means, in relation to Cash Settled Securities when the Underlying Reference 
Currency differs from the Settlement Currency, that the Quanto Option does not apply; 
Notional Amount means, in relation to Warrants, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Notional Amountt means, in relation to the Interest Rate Warrants, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to each Floating Amount Determination Period; 
Offer Period means the period indicated by the Issuer for the subscription in relation to the Series, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
One Star Determination Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, on which the Calculation Agent determines if the One Star Event 
has occurred;

--- Page 111 ---
111 
One Star Event means, in relation to One Star Certificates, the event occurring when the Calculation 
Agent determines that, during the relevant One Star Determination Period, the Underlying which is the 
Worst Of Underlying (or, in case of Basket, the Basket Constituent with the worst Performance) or the 
Best Of Underlying (or, in case of Basket, the Basket Constituent with the best Performance) is equal to, 
higher than or lower than the relevant One Star Trigger Level; 
One Star Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
One Star Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Reference Value of each Underlying (or, in 
case of Basket, of each Basket Constituent) set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
Open End Feature means, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the feature applicable to the 
Benchmark Certificates and Turbo Certificates pursuant to which the securities have no term and 
therefore the Exercise Date is not applicable. In this case, the Certificates can be early redeemed upon 
exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer or, if applicable, the exercise of the Put Option by the investors 
pursuant to Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Certificates)); 
Outstanding Amount means, if an Early Partial Capital Payment Amount is provided in the relevant 
Final Terms, on the relevant Outstanding Amount Determination Date, the Issue Price less the sum of 
any Early Partial Capital Payment Amounts paid up to and including such relevant Outstanding Amount 
Determination Date. 
Outstanding Amount Determination Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in which the Calculation Agent determines the Outstanding Amount; 
Participation Combo Feature means, if specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, in relation 
to the calculation of the Participation Remuneration Amounts linked to a Basket, the calculation method 
pursuant to which the Calculation Agent will determine (i) the arithmetic mean or (ii) the weighted 
average (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or (iii) the sum of the Participation Remuneration 
Amounts for each single Basket Constituent, as calculated taking into account for each single Basket 
Constituent the relevant CAP (if applicable), Floor Percentage, Participation Factor, Strike Remuneration 
Percentage, Base Premium Percentage (if applicable) and Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing 
(if applicable), as defined in the applicable Final Terms. However, for the purpose of the calculation of 
the Cash Settlement Amount and the Early Redemption Amount (if applicable), the Calculation Agent 
will take into account the Initial Reference Value, the Final Reference Value, the Early Redemption Level 
(if applicable), the Barrier Level (if applicable), the Cap Level (if applicable) and the Protection Level (if 
applicable) in relation to a Basket. Such calculation method shall not apply to the Spread Certificates and 
Multiperformance Certificates;  
Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms;  
Participation Rebate Amount means, if a Participation Rebate Event has occurred, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms for each Series; 
Participation Rebate Event means the event occurring when the Calculation Agent determines that the 
value of the relevant Underlying (or of the Spread in event of Spread Participation Remuneration 
Amount) 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Rebate Level in a Participation 
Rebate Valuation Period; and/or

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period, equal to, higher 
than or lower than the relevant Participation Rebate Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Rebate Level during 
the relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period; or 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
In case of Securities with more than one Underlying or in case of Securities with a Basket as Underlying, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iii) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents; 
If the Participation Rebate occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Participation Rebate Feature means, in relation to the calculation of the Participation Rebate Amount, 
the feature pursuant to which the Participation Remuneration Amount potentially payable after the 
occurrence of a Participation Rebate Event will cease to be due and payable to the Securityholders. In 
particular, if Participation Rebate Event occurs during a Participation Rebate Valuation Period, the 
investor will receive the specified Participation Rebate Amount on the relevant payment date following 
the Participation Rebate Valuation Period in which the Participation Rebate Event has occurred; 
Participation Rebate Level means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to each 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period. For the purposes of the Participation Rebate Event, the 
Participation Rebate Level is determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Participation Rebate Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of 
the Participation Rebate Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may 
specify the relevant Participation Rebate Level for each Underlying; 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period means, in relation to the Participation Rebate Level, the period 
composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
the Calculation Agent determines if the Participation Rebate Event has occurred. In the event of more 
Participation Rebate Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Participation 
Rebate Valuation Period, the Second Participation Rebate Valuation Period, and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Participation Rebate Valuation Period or 
on one Exchange Business Day of the Participation Rebate Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Participation Remuneration Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the 
Securityholder, if positive, on the relevant Participation Remuneration Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Participation Valuation Period per each Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 23 
(Pay-out provisions).  
The Participation Remuneration Amount may be, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, "Long 
Participation Remuneration Amount Form A" or "Long Participation Remuneration Amount 
Form B" or "Short Participation Remuneration Amount" or "Spread Participation Remuneration 
Amount";

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Participation Remuneration Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the event 
occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of 
Spread Certificates), or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Remuneration Level on the 
relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, 
equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Remuneration Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Remuneration Level 
during the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Participation Remuneration Level and the relevant Down Range Participation 
Remuneration Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
on/during the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents.  
If a Participation Remuneration Event occurs, the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of 
the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, if positive.  
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant 
Final Terms the occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event in relation to one or more 
Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms will specify the Participation Remuneration Level for each 
Underlying. In particular, for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Participation Remuneration 
Event, the applicable Final Terms will specify the number of Underlyings in relation to which the 
Participation Remuneration Event has to occur.  
If the Participation Remuneration Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more 
Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent 
determines the occurrence of a Participation Remuneration Event.  
In the event of more Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will 
specify the First Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Second Participation 
Remuneration Event Valuation Period, and so on.  
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Period or on one Exchange Business Day of the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Participation Remuneration Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event. 
The Participation Remuneration Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value 
and/or the Reference Value (or as an independent percentage value in relation to Spread Certificates and 
Multiperformance Certificates) or by a predetermined value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Participation Remuneration Level may be identical for all the Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Periods or it may differ for each Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If there are more Participation Remuneration Levels, the Issuer 
will indicate in the relevant Final Terms: (i) the First Participation Remuneration Level, the Second 
Participation Remuneration Level and so on. 
In the case of Cliquet Feature, the applicable Final Terms will specify the method for changing the 
Participation Remuneration Level in relation to one or more Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Periods. 
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the relevant 
Final Terms the occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event in relation to one or more 
Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms will specify the Participation Remuneration Level for each 
Underlying. In particular, for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Participation Remuneration 
Event, the applicable Final Terms will specify the number of Underlyings in relation to which the 
Participation Remuneration Event has to occur; 
Participation Remuneration Payment Date means the Business Day on which the Issuer shall pay the 
Participation Remuneration Amount to the Securityholders; 
Participation Valuation Date(s) means, in relation to the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, 
each Exchange Business Day or Exchange Business Days in which the Calculation Agent determines the 
Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of the Participation Remuneration Amount. In 
particular, for each Participation Remuneration Amount, the "RVj" will be determined on the 
Participation Valuation Date(s)j and the "RVt" will be determined on the Participation Valuation 
Date(s)t; 
Participation Valuation Period means, in relation to the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, 
the period (starting from the Participation Valuation Date(s)j indicated in the relevant Final Terms and 
ending on the Participation Valuation Date(s)t indicated in the relevant Final Terms), during which the 
performance of the relevant Underlying is determined for the purposes of the calculation of the relevant 
Participation Remuneration Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Path Dependency Effect means a calculation method of the Digital Amount, described in Condition 23 
(Pay-out provisions), according to which the Digital Amount may increase in relation to each Digital 
Valuation Period; 
Path Dependency Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
Path Dependency Effect; 
Performance Cap means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Floor means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Performance Observation Date(s) means, in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates and Global 
Performance Certificates, the date(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms, on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the performance of the relevant Underlying, for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Performance Sum and the Global Performance as the case may be; 
Performance means the effective performance of each Underlying or Basket Constituent determined by 
the Calculation Agent according to one of the following formulas:  
(i) on the Valuation Date: 
(a) In case of Long Strategy: Performance = 
FRV
IRV −1 
or 
In case of Short Strategy: Performance = 1 −
FRV
IRV 
or 
(b) In case of Long Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (
𝐹𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉−1)  
or 
In case of Short Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (1 −
𝐹𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉) 
Where:  
"P" means the Performance Participation Factor. 
(ii) during the life of the Certificates: 
(a) In case of Long Strategy: Performance = 
RV
IRV −1 
In case of Short Strategy: Performance = 1 −
RV
IRV 
or 
(b) In case of Long Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (
𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉−1)  
In case of Short Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (1 −
𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉) 
Where:  
"P" means the Performance Participation Factor. 
In each case, the relevant Final Terms may provide for the application of a Performance Cap and/or a 
Performance Floor. 
In the case of Spread Certificates, the performance of the two Underlyings for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Spread will be indicated, respectively, as "Performance of the Underlying A" and 
"Performance of the Underlying B";

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Performance Participation Factor means, in relation to the determination of the Performance of the 
Underlying, the multiplier factor specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Sum means, in relation to the Buffer Protection Certificates, the sum of the performances 
percentages of the relevant Underlying as determined, in respect of any Performance Observation Date, 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
In case of Long Strategy: ∑
(
𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉−1)
𝑛
𝑡=1
 
(ii) In case of Short Strategy: ∑
(1 −
𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉)
𝑛
𝑡=1
 
Where: 
"n" means the number of the Performance Observation Dates; and 
"RVt" means the Reference Value calculated on the Performance Observation Date "t". 
In each case, the relevant Final Terms may provide for the application of a Performance Sum Cap and/or 
a Performance Floor. 
Performance Sum Cap means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Sum Floor means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Physical Delivery Securities means Share Securities that entitle their holders to receive from the Issuer, 
on the Settlement Date, the Entitlement; 
Plus Amount means, if applicable, one or more amounts indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to be paid 
to the Securityholder for each Minimum Exercise Amount on the relevant Plus Payment Date; 
Plus Payment Date means one or more Business Days, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, on which 
the Issuer shall pay the Plus Amount to the Securityholders; 
Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, if Reverse Split is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Certificates before the application of the Reverse Split; 
Predetermined Loss Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, or determined 
according to the following formula, if provided in the relevant Final Terms: 
(Final Reference Value/Initial Reference Value – 1) x Issue Price 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value are referred to the 
Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may differ from the Underlying used to 
determine the occurrence of the Barrier Event and/or from the Underlying used to the determine the Cash 
Settlement Amount; 
Predetermined Loss Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Premium means the price of issue of the Warrants specified from time to time in applicable Final Terms 
as an amount and/or as a percentage of the Notional Amount; 
Premium Determination Method(s) means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the Floating Premium, the 
Fixed Premium and the Difference in Rates, pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions) and 
specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms in relation to each Premium Determination Method;  
Premium Determination Period means, in relation to Gap Certificates and the Premium Gap Amount, 
each period specified in the applicable Final Terms during which the relevant Premium Gap Amount is 
determined;  
Premium Gap Amount(s) means, in relation to one or more Premium Determination Period(s), the 
amount(s) in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholder on the Premium Gap Payment Date 
per each Minimum Exercise Amount, calculated pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions); 
Premium Gap Observation Period(s) means, in relation to Gap Certificates and the Premium Gap 
Amount: 
a) If a Barrier Gap Event has not occurred, the actual number of days comprised in the relevant 
Premium Determination Period; 
b) If a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, the actual number of days comprised in the relevant 
Premium Determination Period from the initial day (included or excluded as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) of such Premium Determination Period to the Barrier Gap Event Date 
(included or excluded as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
Premium Gap Payment Date means the Business Day on which the Issuer shall pay the Premium Gap 
Amount to the Securityholders; 
Premium Margin means, in the case of Gap Certificates, a value expressed as basis points specified by 
the Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (the Premium Margin may be equal to zero if the Issuer decides 
not to apply it for the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap Amount); 
Premium Percentage means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Protection Amount means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Protection Level means the value calculated as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value (or as an 
independent percentage value in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by 
a predetermined value, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms 
the Protection Level for each Underlying; 
Protection Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Purchase Price means, in relation to Digital Certificates, the price at which the Digital Certificates may 
be subscribed by the investor in an exempt offer, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Purchase Price will be lower than the Issue Price; 
Put Exercise Date means the Exchange Business Day on which the Certificates are exercised by the 
investors, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, following the Put Option Exercise. The Put Exercise

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Date coincides with the last Exchange Business Day of the relevant Put Valuation Period (or with the Put 
Valuation Period if this is composed by one Exchange Business Day), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Put Notice Period means the date(s) – indicated in the applicable Final Terms – by which the investor 
shall notify, in accordance with Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to 
Certificates)) below, the intention to exercise the Put Option in the relevant Put Exercise Date; 
Put Option means, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the option to request the redemption of 
the Certificates which can irrevocably be exercised by the investors during the Put Notice Period specified 
in the applicable Final Terms pursuant to Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable 
to Certificates)) below; 
Put Option Exercise means the faculty of the investors to exercise the Put Option, announced to the 
Issuer pursuant to the Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Certificates)) 
below; 
Put Option Exercise Notice means the notice to be sent by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 21 (Exercise 
rights and procedures (only applicable to Certificates)) below; 
Put Valuation Period means if the Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, one 
or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms on which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value. The Put Valuation Period(s) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, and will be considered for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Cash Settlement Amount, provided that, the Put Option has been exercised by the investors and, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event has not occurred. 
If the Put Option is exercised by the investor, the Reference Value determined by the Calculation Agent 
in the related Put Valuation Period, will be considered as Final Reference Value. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on a Put Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Put Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market 
Disruption Event) will apply; 
Qualifying Certificates means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities; (C) have the 
same redemption rights as the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities; (D) preserve any 
existing rights under the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities to any due but unpaid 
amounts which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the payment date 
immediately preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the 
same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Certificates immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power); and (G) other 
than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgment of the 
Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Certificates 
that qualify as eligible liabilities, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation 
with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing which is independent of 
the Group, than the terms of the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities; and

--- Page 119 ---
119 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Certificates were listed immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution. 
Quanto Option means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the Underlying 
Reference Currency is, for the purpose of the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount or Early 
Redemption Amounts or Remuneration Amounts or Corridor Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital 
Payment and the relevant events, in any case conventionally denominated in the Settlement Currency and 
the Exchange Rate is not applicable and, therefore, the effects of the Exchange Rate on such amount(s) 
are neutralised; 
Quanto Securities means, in relation to Cash Settled Securities when the Underlying Reference Currency 
differs from the Settlement Currency, that the Quanto Option applies; 
Rainbow Feature means, in relation to the Certificates linked to a Basket, the determination method in 
relation to the value of that Basket, provided by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms. Unlike the 
securities linked to one or more Underlyings, the Issuer will indicate in the applicable Final Terms: (i) 
the financial activities which represent the Basket Constituents, (ii) the relative weighting within the 
Basket without any preliminary reference to specific financial activities and (iii) the objective criteria 
pursuant to which the weight will be allocated by the Calculation Agent (for instance, in a Basket 
constituted by three financial activities, the Basket would be weighted as follows: 50% for the Basket 
Constituent with the best performance; 30% for the Basket Constituent with the worst performance; and 
20% for a Basket Constituent with the second best performance). For each determination (during the life 
of the Certificates and at the exercise date), the Calculation Agent will weigh the relevant Basket 
Constituents on the basis of the Performance registered on such determination date and pursuant to the 
formula set out in the applicable Final Terms. The allocation of the weights within a Basket may result 
differently on each determination date and depending on the performance of the Basket Constituents. 
Once the Calculation Agent has carried out the weighting of the Basket on the relevant determination 
date, the Calculation Agent will calculate the total amount of the Basket pursuant to the methods applied 
on the instruments normally linked to the Basket. 
Such feature shall not apply to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates; 
Reference Rate means, in relation to the Premium Gap Amount, or in case of Interest Rate Warrants, in 
relation to the Floating Amounts and/or the Cash Settlement Amount, the Interest Rate that will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of Difference in Rates, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the Reference Rate 1 and the Reference Rate 2; 
Reference Source means, in relation to the Underlying, each information provider, electronic page, 
exchange or quotation system in which the Underlying values are available, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, any successor to such information provider, electronic pages, exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to the contracts relating to such Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Reference Source); 
Reference Value or RV means the value determined by the Calculation Agent during the relevant 
valuation period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
In the case of a Basket, the Reference Value of the Basket will be determined as specified in the previous 
definition of "Basket Value". 
Furthermore, without prejudice to the definitions of the Final Reference Value and Initial Reference 
Value set out above, in relation to any valuation period during the lifetime of the Certificates, the

--- Page 120 ---
120 
occurrence of the relevant event may be determined pursuant to the following provisions, as specified 
from time to time in the relevant Final Terms: 
If the Underlying is one or more financial asset(s) (and not a Basket): 
(A) the Value of the Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the Value of the 
Underlying(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant valuation period, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, and without considering possible changes published 
at a later stage in relation to the financial asset; or 
(B) the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the 
Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the arithmetic mean or a percentage 
of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the Underlying(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the last Exchange Business Day of such 
valuation period set out in the relevant Final Terms, and determined pursuant to the 
following formula:  
𝑅𝑉= 𝐴𝑟𝑖𝑡ℎ𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × (1
𝑥 × ∑𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑧
𝑥
𝑧=1
) 
Where: 
"Arithmetic Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if not specified, the Arithmetic Percentage will be equal to 100%); 
"x" is the number of the dates of such valuation period, specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Underlyingz", is the Value of the Underlying determined on the Exchange Business Day 
"z" of such valuation period; or 
(C) the maximum or minimum Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in case of 
more than one Underlying, the maximum or minimum Value of the Underlying(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Underlying during one or more 
valuation period(s) ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Exchange Business Day, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(D) in case of Exchange Rate Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount equal to the quotient of (a) 1 (as numerator) and (b) the amount calculated pursuant 
to (A), (B) or (C) above (as denominator); or  
(E) in case of Share Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, either  
(i) the Adjusted Price on the relevant valuation period or  
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the Adjusted Price on the relevant valuation period, ascertained 
by the Calculation Agent on the Exchange Business Day, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and determined pursuant to the following formula:  
𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐴𝑃𝑧
𝑥
𝑧=1

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Where: 
"x" is the number of valuation period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"APz" is the Adjusted Price of the Underlying as determined on the Exchange Business 
Day "z" of such valuation period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Underlying is a Basket: 
(A) the Basket Value on the relevant valuation period, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
and without considering possible changes published at a later stage in relation to the Basket 
Value;  
(B) the arithmetic mean of the Basket Values on the Exchange Business Days of the relevant 
valuation period as ascertained by the Calculation Agent and without considering possible 
changes published at a later stage in relation to the Basket Value, determined pursuant to 
the following formula: 
𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑧
𝑥
𝑧=1
 
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of the Exchanges Business Days of the relevant valuation period, 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Basketz" is the Basket Value as calculated on the Exchange Business Day "z"; or 
(C) the maximum or minimum Basket Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
recorded in relation to the Basket during one or more valuation period(s), ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent on the Exchange Business Day of the relevant valuation period, as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms; 
If the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the issuer/the investor, the Reference Value determined by 
the Calculation Agent in the related Call Valuation Period/Put Valuation Period, will be considered as 
Final Reference Value; 
Registrar means Société Générale Luxembourg as registrar in respect of any Registered Securities; 
Register means in the case of Registered Securities, the register kept at the principal office of the 
Registrar; 
Related Exchange means, in relation to an Underlying, any regulated or non-regulated market where the 
options, futures or repo contracts on such Underlying are traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Relevant Exchange Business Day means any Exchange Business Day which is relevant to fix the Value 
of the Underlying(s); 
Relevant Asset means the Shares constituting the Entitlement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to the Physical Delivery Securities;

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Relevant Authority means the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, or any successor authority 
having responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group within the framework of 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and in 
accordance with the applicable MREL Requirements and/or, as the context may require, the Italian 
resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, 
and/or any other authority in Italy or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the 
exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo from time to time; 
Relevant Regulations means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies of the competent authority or the Relevant Authority, or of the European Parliament and Council 
then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), (including, but not limited to, 
as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Certificates, the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD 
IV, CRR, the BRRD and the SRMR, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European 
Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority); 
Remuneration Amount means either the Accumulating Amount, the Cumulated Bonus Amount, the 
Digital Amount, the Extra Consolidation Digital Amount, the Internal Return Amount, the Participation 
Rebate Amount, the Participation Remuneration Amount, the Plus Amount, and/or the Premium Gap 
Amount, as the case may be;  
Remuneration Sum means, in relation to the Participation Remuneration Amounts, (i) if the Net Profit 
Feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the sum, in respect of any Valuation Date, 
of the Remuneration Amounts specified in the relevant Final Terms, if already paid, on the payment dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding such Valuation Date, or (ii) if the Tarn Feature is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the sum in respect of any Valuation Date, of the Remuneration 
Amounts specified in the relevant Final Terms, if already paid, on the payment dates specified in the 
relevant Final Terms preceding such Valuation Date; 
Renouncement Notice means the notice to be sent by the investors, prior to the Renouncement Notice 
Cut-off Time (if applicable), to renounce any automatic exercise of Securities pursuant to Condition 19 
(Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants)) and Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)); 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time means, if a Renouncement Notice is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the time limit for sending the Renouncement Notice by the investors pursuant to 
Condition 19 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants)) and Condition 21 (Exercise 
rights and procedures (only applicable to Certificates)); 
Restrike Event means, in relation to the Restrike Feature and if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final 
Terms, the event occurring when the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value of one or 
more Underlyings,  
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Restrike Level during the relevant Restrike 
Observation Period(s); and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Restrike Observation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Restrike Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Restrike Level during the relevant 
Restrike Observation Period; or

--- Page 123 ---
123 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms.  
In case of Securities with more than one Underlying or in case of Securities with a Basket as Underlying, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iii) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents. 
Upon occurrence of a Restrike Event, the Initial Reference Value and all the value and levels dependant 
from the Initial Reference Value (such as the Barrier Level, the Cap Level, the Multiplier and so forth) 
will be consequently amended. 
If the Restrike Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the website 
of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Restrike Feature means, in relation to Max Long/Short Certificates, if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and as better specified in Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions), the calculation method 
pursuant to which, on the occurrence of a Restrike Event, the Initial Reference Value will be 
automatically set at a percentage of the Initial Reference Value which is equal to the Restrike Percentage, 
as indicated from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. All the values and levels dependant from the 
Initial Reference Value (such as the Barrier Level, the Cap Level, the Multiplier and so forth) will be 
consequently amended. 
Restrike Level means, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, for each Underlying, the value 
determined as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value as specified in relation to the Restrike 
Observation Period in the relevant Final Terms from time to time. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Restrike Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Restrike 
Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the relevant 
Restrike Level for each Underlying; 
Restrike Observation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines if the Restrike Event 
has occurred. In the event of more Digital Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the 
First Restrike Observation Period, the Second Restrike Observation Period, and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Restrike Observation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Restrike Observation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Restrike Percentage means, in relation to the Restrike Feature, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reverse Split means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the mechanism by which the Issuer may, at its option, consolidate the Turbo Certificates and 
replace the Securities representing such Turbo Certificates before the Reverse Split occurred (the Pre-
Conversion Turbo Certificates) with Securities representing the Certificates after the Reverse Split 
(Converted Turbo Certificates), as better specified in Condition 24 (Reverse Split of Turbo Certificates). 
In such event, the Issuer may give the Reverse Split Trigger Notice to Securityholders within a number 
of days equal to the Reverse Split Notice Period informing them of its intention to effect a Reverse Split 
with respect to the relevant Turbo Certificates. If required, the Issuer will also pay to the Securityholders

--- Page 124 ---
124 
a Reverse Split Cash Settlement Amount to reflect the economic effect of reducing the number of the 
outstanding Turbo Certificates of the relevant Series; 
Reverse Split Cash Settlement Amount means, in respect of each Securityholder, the amount 
determined as the product of the Reverse Split Cash Settlement Price and the Reverse Split Number 
applicable to such Securityholder;  
Reverse Split Cash Settlement Price means the “prezzo di riferimento” of the Turbo Certificates as 
calculated by Borsa Italiana in accordance with SeDeX Rules; 
Reverse Split Effective Date is the date specified as such in the applicable Reverse Split Trigger Notice;  
Reverse Split Notice Period is the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reverse Split Number means, in respect of each Securityholder, the number of the Unconverted Turbo 
Certificates;  
Reverse Split Ratio is the ratio by which the Turbo Certificates will be replaced by the Converted Turbo 
Certificates, as specified in the applicable Reverse Split Trigger Notice; 
Reverse Split Settlement Date is the number of days or Business Days specified in the applicable 
Reverse Split Trigger Notice following the Reverse Split Effective Date;  
Reverse Split Trigger Notice means, in respect of Turbo Certificates, the notice which shall include the 
description of the operational mechanisms to be performed in relation to the Reverse Split; 
Rollover Date means, when the Initial Reference Value is represented by the Initial Reference Value of 
a Futures Contract First Near-by, the Exchange Business Day specified in the applicable Final Terms on 
which the Futures Contract First Near-by will be replaced by the Futures Contract indicated as the 
Underlying of the Securities in the applicable Final Terms, without any adjustment to the price of the 
Securities; 
Series means the Certificates that will be issued, from time to time, pursuant to this Base Prospectus as 
identified by the relevant ISIN Code; 
Settlement Amount means either the Cash Settlement Amount, when settlement shall be by way of cash 
payment, or the Physical Delivery, when settlement shall be by way of physical delivery (only applicable 
in relation to Share Securities); 
Settlement Characteristic means one of the characteristics that may apply to the formulas of the 
determination of the Settlement Amount set out under Condition 23 (pay-out provisions) (including, 
without limitation, Barrier Event, Barrier Gap Event, Buffer Event, Protection Level, Short Protection, 
CAP, Cap Level, Cap Amount, Cap Barrier Amount, Predetermined Loss Percentage, Air Bag Factor, 
Sigma Amount, Gearing Factor, Cap Consolidation Amount, Strike Percentage, Annual Management 
Fee, Variable Management Fee, Protection Percentage, Spread Protection, Protection Amount, Step Up 
Amount); 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Settlement Date means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business Day 
next following the last occurring Valuation Date or Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Securities, the fifth Business Day following the last occurring 
Valuation Date or Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date; 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If on a Valuation Date or on a Call Exercise Date or on a Put Exercise Date a Market Disruption Event 
occurs, the Settlement Date will be postponed accordingly. Such Settlement Date shall not, in any case, 
be postponed beyond the tenth Business Day following the last Valuation Date or Call Exercise Date or 
Put Exercise Date. 
Settlement Determination Date means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, each date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms during which the Cash Settlement Amount is determined in relation to the 
Settlement Determination Period. 
The above applies provided that in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a Market Disruption Event in a 
Settlement Determination Date has not occurred. In this case, the Exchange Business Day coinciding 
with the Settlement Determination Date is intended to be postponed to the first following Exchange 
Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event is no longer in place. In any case, such Exchange 
Business Day of the Settlement Determination Period may not be postponed beyond the eighth Exchange 
Business Day following the Exercise Date;  
Settlement Determination Period means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms related to the Cash Settlement Amount;  
Settlement Event means, in relation to the Digital Certificates, the event which occurs when the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Final Reference Value is equal to, or higher than, the Settlement 
Level, as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Digital Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the 
relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Settlement Event in relation to one or more Underlyings and 
the applicable Final Terms may specify the Settlement Level for each Underlying.  
The determination by the Calculation Agent on the occurrence of the Settlement Event will be promptly 
notified to the Securityholders through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com;  
Settlement Level means, in relation to the Digital Certificates, means the value specified in the applicable 
Final Terms that determines the occurrence of the Settlement Event. Such value will be set as a percentage 
of the Initial Reference Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to the determination of the occurrence 
of the Settlement Event, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the 
Settlement Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the 
relevant Settlement Level for each Underlying;  
Share means, in relation to each Series, either as single underlying or as a Basket Constituent, the share 
listed in Italy on the markets managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., or listed on European or foreign stock 
exchanges, which will be specified as the underlying asset or a Basket Constituent, from time to time in 
the relevant Final Terms. The relevant underlying share (as single underlying or as Basket Constituent) 
(i) will not be issued by the Issuer nor by an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer, and (ii) may not 
be converted or exchanged into shares or other transferable securities equivalent to shares issued by the

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Issuer or by an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer. In any case, only Shares listed on stock 
exchanges that are regulated markets can be physically settled to retail investors; 
Share Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Shares or one or more 
Baskets of Shares or one or more Global depository receipts (GDRs) or American depository receipts 
(ADRs) or one or more baskets of GDRs and/or ADRs; 
Short Protection means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Short Strategy means the financial strategy which gives to the investor the possibility to benefit from 
the negative (decreasing) performance of the Underlying(s) in relation to the amount(s) or occurrence of 
event(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Sigma Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency specified by the Issuer in Final Terms for 
each Series;  
Sponsor means, in relation to each Series, the entity responsible for the calculation and/or the 
management and/or the issue of the relevant Underlying, as specified from time to time in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Spread means, in relation to Spread Certificates and the Spread Participation Remuneration Amount, the 
difference either: 
(i) between the Performance of the Underlying A and the Performance of the Underlying B, each 
of them determined according to one of the formulas set out in the definition of "Performance", 
specified in the applicable Final terms. In this case the Spread is determined by the Calculation 
Agent as follows: 
Spread = Performance of the Underlying A – Performance of the Underlying B 
or 
(ii) between the Initial Reference Value or Reference Value or Final Reference Value of the 
Underlying A (respectively, Initial Reference ValueA or Reference ValueA or Final Reference 
ValueA) and the Initial Reference Value or Reference Value or Final Reference Value of the 
Underlying B (respectively, Initial Reference ValueB or Reference ValueB or Final Reference 
ValueB), as specified in the applicable Final terms. In this case the Spread is determined by the 
Calculation Agent, alternatively, as follows: 
Spread = Initial Reference ValueA – Initial Reference ValueB 
or 
Spread = Reference ValueA – Reference ValueB 
or 
Spread = Final Reference ValueA – Final Reference ValueB 
Spread Protection means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Step Up Amount means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Strike means the value which will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Observation 
Date; 
Strike Level means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation 
to the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount of the Dual Currency FX Certificates; 
Strike Percentage means, in relation to Warrants, Call Certificates, Standard Certificates (if applicable) 
and Twin Win Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
which will be considered for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Strike Price means, in relation to Short Benchmark Certificates and Turbo Certificates, the amount or 
the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Turbo Certificates with Open End 
Feature, if the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the Issuer/the investor, the Strike Price is the Strike 
Pricet as defined below; 
Strike Pricet or SPt means, in relation to Turbo Certificates with Open End Feature, the Strike Price 
which, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), is an amount calculated as follows:  
SPt = SPt-1  x (1 + Restrike Costt-1) 1⁄360 – Dividend Adjustment Amount 
Where: 
"Dividend Adjustment Amount" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to (i) the sum of the gross cash dividends and/or 
other cash distributions payable in respect of the relevant Underlying (or in the case of an Index, 
in respect of each share comprising such Index) related to such Ex-Dividend Date multiplied by 
(ii) the Dividend Percentage; 
"Dividend Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, may increase or decrease such percentage to reflect any 
imposition of or adjustment to, any taxes which are deducted or withheld at source by or on 
behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of cash dividends and/or 
other cash distributions payable in respect of the relevant Underlying (or in the case of an Index, 
in respect of each share comprising such Index). If the Dividend Percentage is adjusted as 
provided herein, the adjusted Dividend Percentage will be notified to Securityholders through a 
notice published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com as 
soon as reasonably practicable following such adjustment; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share or share comprising an Index, the date on 
which such Share or share comprising an Index becomes "ex-dividend" as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Restrike Costt" means, if applicable, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), the value expressed 
as a percentage determined and published daily by the Issuer so as not to exceed the percentage 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Restrike Costt-1" means the Restrike Costt applicable on dayt-1;

--- Page 128 ---
128 
"SPt-1" means Strike Price applicable on dayt-1. 
For purpose to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount, if the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the 
Issuer/the investor, t is equal to the Call Exercise Date/Put Exercise Date; 
Strike Remuneration Percentage means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Strike Observation Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of the 
determination of the Strike; 
Successor Sponsor means, in relation to each Underlying, a third party that may be responsible for the 
calculation and/or the management and/or the issuance of the Underlying in the place of the Sponsor;  
Switch Event means, in relation to Switch Certificates, the event occurring when the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Value or the Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or the Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates): 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Switch Level on the relevant Switch Valuation 
Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Switch Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Switch Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Switch Level during the relevant 
Switch Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Switch Level and the relevant Down Range Switch Level (included or excluded in the 
range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Switch Valuation Period, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms may also specify whether, for the purpose of the determination of such event 
the applicable condition (among one of those specified under points (i) to (iv) above) has to be satisfied 
in relation to all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents, or at least one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents; 
Switch Level means the value determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Switch Valuation Period, represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value, or by a 
predetermined value; 
Switch Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange Business Days, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines if the Switch Event 
has occurred. In the event of more Switch Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the 
First Switch Valuation Period, the Second Switch Valuation Period, and so on. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Switch Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Switch Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Synthetic Dividends means, in respect of a Share and a Synthetic Ex-Dividend Date, the amount or 
amounts specified as such for such Share in the relevant Final Terms, or, if no such amount is specified 
for such Share, zero;

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Synthetic Ex-Dividend Date means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Tarn Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to the calculation 
of the Participation Remuneration Amount, the feature pursuant to which the Participation Remuneration 
Amount potentially payable will cease to be due and payable to the Securityholders if the Remuneration 
Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount and the Certificates will be early redeemed; 
Tarn Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in 
respect of any Participation Valuation Date, the Remuneration Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount, such event 
will be considered as an Early Redemption Event and, therefore, the Certificates are deemed to be early 
redeemed and the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date;  
Typology means the type of Securities that will be issued in respect of each Series, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In particular, the Securities may be: 
- Standard (Long/Short) Certificates, 
- Max (Long/Consolidation Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Spread (Type A/ Type B/ Type C/Type D) Certificates; 
- Twin Win (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Benchmark (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Turbo (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Outperformance (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Buffer Protection Certificates;  
- Global Performance Certificates; 
- Lucky Protection (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Dynamic Protection (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Currency Certificates; 
- Multiperformance Certificates; 
- Gap (Long/Short) Certificates; 
- Dual Currency FX Certificates; 
- Calendar Certificates; 
- One Star Certificates; 
- Switch Certificates; 
- Call Certificates;

--- Page 130 ---
130 
- Digital Certificates; 
- Combined Amount Certificates; 
- Long Outperformance Combined Certificates; 
- Reverse Butterfly Certificates; 
- Multiple Strike Certificates; 
- Call Covered Warrants; 
- Call Warrants;  
- Call Spread Warrants; 
- Put Covered Warrants; 
- Put Warrants; 
- Put Spread Warrants; 
- Interest Rate Warrants; 
- Corridor Warrants; 
Unconverted Turbo Certificates means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, if Reverse Split is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Turbo Certificates held by any Securityholder that cannot 
be replaced by Converted Turbo Certificates, once that the aggregate number of Certificates held by the 
relevant Securityholder have been divided by the Reverse Split Ratio;  
Underlying means, for each Series: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities linked to one or more financial asset(s), the Share, the GDRs/ADRs, 
the Index, the Commodity, the Futures Contract, the Exchange Rate, the Government Bond, 
the Yield of Government Bond, the Interest Rate and the Fund, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(ii) 
in the case of Spread Certificates, two or more financial assets selected from the following 
Underlyings: Shares, GDRs/ADRs, Indexes, Commodities, Futures Contracts, Government 
Bonds, Yields of Government Bonds, Exchange Rates, Interest Rates, Funds and Baskets, 
and indicated respectively as Underlying A and Underlying B in the relevant Final Terms; 
in this case, the relevant Initial Reference Value, Final Reference Value, Multiplier, Initial 
Percentage and Performance of the Underlying, will be indicated as, respectively, the Initial 
Reference ValueA and Initial Reference ValueB, the Reference ValueA and Reference 
ValueB, the Final Reference ValueA and Final Reference ValueB, the MultiplierA and 
MultiplierB, the Initial PercentageA and Initial PercentageB and the Performance of the 
Underlying A and Performance of the Underlying B; 
(iii) 
in the case of Certificates linked to a Basket (as defined above), a Basket composed of two 
or more financial assets listed at point (i) above or composed by two or more baskets 
composed of two or more financial assets listed at point (i) above (each a Basket 
Constituent, as defined above and indicated from time to time in the relevant Final Terms);

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Underlying Reference Currency means for each Series, the currency of the Underlying(s) as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of Quanto Securities, the Underlying Reference Currency will 
be expressed in the Settlement Currency and, therefore, the effects of the Exchange Rate on the Cash 
Settlement Amount or Early Redemption Amounts or Remuneration Amounts or Corridor Early Amounts 
or Early Partial Capital Payment to be paid in relation to the Securities are neutralised; 
Up Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Up Range Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of: (i) the Accumulating Event (the "Up Range Accumulating Level"); or (ii) 
the Consolidation Effect (the "Up Range Consolidation Level"); or (iii) the Consolidation Floor Event 
(the "Up Range Consolidation Floor Level"); or (iv) the Digital Event (the "Up Range Digital Level"); 
or (v) the Knock-in Event (the "Up Range Knock-in Level"); or (vi) the Knock-out Event (the "Up 
Range Knock-out Level"); or (vii) the Memory Effect (the "Up Range Memory Level"); or (viii) the 
Participation Remuneration Event (the "Up Range Participation Remuneration Level"); or (ix) the 
Early Redemption Event (the "Up Range Early Redemption Level"); or (x) the Switch Event (the "Up 
Range Switch Level"); or (xi) the Multiple Strike Eventi (the "Up Range Multiple Strike Leveli"). The 
Up Range Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as an independent 
percentage value (in relation to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates) or by a 
predetermined value. If there are more Underlyings, the applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant 
Up Range Level for each Underlying; 
Upper Barrier Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that determines the 
occurrence of the Barrier Event. Such value may be set as: 
(i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) a number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Valuation Date means one or more Exchange Business Days on which the Value of the Underlying is 
registered for the purpose of the calculation of the Final Reference Value (pursuant to the terms specified 
below in the definition of Final Reference Value) and of the Cash Settlement Amount (provided that, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event has not occurred), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms from time to time. 
If, on a Valuation Date, a Market Disruption Event (as defined below) occurs, the provisions set out 
within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Value means the level, price, amount or such other value (e.g. Intraday Value) of the Underlying used 
for the purposes of the determination of the Reference Value, Initial Reference Value or Final Reference 
Value, as the case may be; 
Variable Management Fee or VMF means, if applied by the Issuer in relation to Benchmark 
Certificates, a fee charged to the investor at the particular time "t" determined on the basis of the AMF 
Percentage and of the VMF Percentagex.  
The Calculation Agent will deduct the VMF accrued from the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to 
Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions).  
The VMF will be calculated as follows:

--- Page 132 ---
132 
VMFt=∏
(100% −
𝐴𝑀𝐹 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒
365.25
− 
𝑉𝑀𝐹 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑥
365.25
)
𝑥∈(𝑡0,𝑡0+1,…….,𝑡)
 
Where: 
"x" means each calendar day from t0 to t; 
"t" can be any calendar day before the Valuation Date or the Valuation Date; 
"VMF Percentagex" means the percentage identified from time to time by the Calculation Agent 
within a range specified in the applicable Final Terms, considering that: 
- 
at x = t0 (i.e. at the Issue Date), the VMF Percentaget0 is equal to 0;  
- 
at x = t1 (i.e. the first calendar day following the Issue Date) the VMF Percentaget1 is equal to 
the percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
- 
thereafter, the VMF Percentagex remains constant on each calendar day "x" until new 
communication. It shall be determined by the Calculation Agent so as to not exceed the 
percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The Calculation Agent may update the VMF 
Percentagex at its reasonable discretion, within the range indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
considering the prevailing market conditions. The variations of the VMF Percentagex will be 
notified to the relevant exchange where the Certificates are listed/traded and published on the 
website of the Issuer; 
Worst Of Feature means the determination method that may be specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. If the Worst Of Feature applies, the Calculation Agent will select the Worst Of Underlying 
to determine: 
(i) 
the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the event that triggers such 
Remuneration Amount; and/or  
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation 
of such Settlement Amount; and/or  
(iv) 
the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect. 
In addition, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Worst Of Feature may apply in relation to any 
or all the relevant valuation periods; 
Worst Of Underlying means, in the case of Worst Of Feature, the Underlying with the first, second or 
third (and so on, depending on the number of the Underlyings) worst Performance of the Underlying in 
respect of the Performance of the other Underlyings. In the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will indicate 
for each Series whether it will take into account the Underlying with the first worst Performance (in such 
case, this will be named Worst Of Underlying), the second worst Performance (in such case, this will be 
named Second Worst Of Underlying) or the third worst Performance (in such case, a this will be named 
Third Worst Of Underlying) and so on. Upon selection of the Worst Of Underlying by the Calculation 
Agent the investors will be informed pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices); 
Yield of Government Bond means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the yield (of a 
Government Bond) that may constitute the Underlying of Govies Securities, published from time to time 
by the relevant information source specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such yield is not published

--- Page 133 ---
133 
or announced at the relevant time on such information source, either (i) the successor or alternative 
information source or (ii) the determination method to be carried out by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
Physical Delivery provisions 
Settlement of the Securities will be by cash payment (Cash Settled Securities) or, only in relation to 
Share Securities, physical delivery (Physical Delivery Securities).  
The method of settlement will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In relation to Certificates only, the applicable Final Terms may also specify that such Certificates are 
either cash settled of physically settled depending upon the occurrence or not of one of the following 
events (specified in the applicable Final Terms):  
- 
Barrier Event; 
- 
Barrier Gap Event; 
- 
Buffer Event; 
- 
Consolidation Floor Event; 
- 
One Star Event; 
- 
Restrike Event; 
- 
Settlement Event; 
- 
Switch Event. 
Settlement of Italian Dematerialised Securities shall be by way of cash payment only.  
In relation to Physical Delivery Securities, the following provisions apply: 
(A) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, delivery of the Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having 
occurred and continuing on any Settlement Date, then such Settlement Date for such Securities 
shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no 
such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by delivering the Entitlement using such 
other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Settlement Date 
shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement 
in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement 
Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the 
Settlement Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be 
the originally designated Settlement Date. For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy 
and discharge its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant 
Securityholder of the Settlement Disruption Amount (as defined below) on the third Business 
Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 9 (Notices). Payment of the Settlement Disruption Amount will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 9 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred provided that any

--- Page 134 ---
134 
failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Settlement 
Disruption Event. No Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant 
Security in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Settlement Disruption Amount in respect of any relevant Security shall be the fair market 
value of such Security (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected 
some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected 
Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging 
arrangements), all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion plus, if already 
paid, in the case of Warrants, the Premium (or, where as provided above some Relevant Assets 
have been delivered and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion); and  
Settlement Disruption Event means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the Relevant 
Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets 
(the Affected Relevant Assets) comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due 
to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), 
then: 
(a) 
subject as provided elsewhere in these Conditions as amended by the applicable Final 
Terms, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered 
on the originally designated Settlement Date and, in the case of Warrants, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the appropriate pro rata portion of the Premium to 
be paid by the relevant Securityholder in respect of that partial settlement; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion 
to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant 
Securityholder of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (as defined below) on the fifth 
Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). Payment of the Failure to 
Deliver Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). The Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
9 (Notices) that the provisions of this Condition 4(B) apply. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Failure to Deliver Settlement Price means, in respect of any relevant Security, the 
fair market value of such Security (taking into account, the Relevant Assets comprising 
the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above), less the cost to the

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion plus, in the case of 
Warrants and if already paid, the Premium (or, where as provided above some Relevant 
Assets have been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata 
portion). 
(C) 
Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement 
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect 
of the Securities, upon a valid exercise of Securities in accordance with these Conditions, the 
Issuer may, at its sole and unfettered discretion, in respect of each such Security, elect not to pay 
the relevant Securityholders the Cash Settlement Amount or not to deliver or procure delivery 
of the Entitlement to the relevant Securityholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to 
deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount 
on the Settlement Date to the relevant Securityholders, as the case may be. Notification of such 
election will be given to Securityholders no later than 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the 
second Business Day following (a) the Actual Exercise Date for Warrants or (b) the Exercise 
Date for Certificates in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) and/or, at the option of the Issuer, 
if applicable, in accordance with the contact details for a Securityholder specified in its Exercise 
Notice (in the case of a Warrant) or Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (in the case of 
Certificates and if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms). 
(D) 
Intervening Period 
For such period of time after the Settlement Date as any person other than the relevant 
Securityholder shall continue to be the legal owner of such securities (the Intervening Period), 
neither the Issuer nor any other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure 
delivery to the relevant Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such securities or 
any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment 
whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such securities or (ii) be under 
any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) 
attaching to such securities during the Intervening Period. 
(E) 
General 
None of the Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility 
for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount or of any 
Entitlement. 
The purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights (whether 
in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any 
Securityholder or any other person as the registered holder in respect of any shares comprised 
in any Entitlement in the register of members of the relevant Share Company. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Share Company means, in relation to a Share, the company that has issued such share.  
(F) 
Italian Dematerialised Securities

--- Page 136 ---
136 
This Condition 4 (Physical Delivery provisions) shall not apply to Italian Dematerialised 
Securities, which shall be settled by way of cash settlement only.  
5. 
Illegality and force majeure 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Securities or that any 
arrangements made to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities have, become (i) illegal 
in whole or in part for any reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of 
God, fire, flood, severe weather conditions, or a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state 
occurring after the Trade Date, impossible or impracticable, the Issuer may cancel the Securities 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices).  
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in these Conditions be or become invalid, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
If the Issuer cancels the Securities pursuant to an illegality then the Issuer will, if and to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of the 
Securities, as the case may be (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities), 
notwithstanding such illegality, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in 
respect of such hedging arrangements), plus, in the case of Warrants and if already paid by or 
on behalf of a Securityholder, the Premium, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion (such costs shall not be applicable in case of Italian Traded 
Securities). Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
If the Issuer cancels the Securities by reason of a force majeure event or an act of state, then the 
Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each 
Securityholder in respect of each Security held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to 
the fair market value of a Security, as the case may be (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded 
Securities), taking into account the applicable force majeure event or act of state, as the case 
may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such 
hedging arrangements) plus, in the case of Warrants and if already paid by or on behalf of a 
Securityholder, the Premium, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion (such costs shall not be applicable in case of Italian Traded Securities). Payment will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
9 (Notices). 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements  (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)) below).  
6. 
Hedging Disruption 
In respect of the Securities linked to one or more Underlying(s), the Issuer or one of its affiliates 
may be unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-

--- Page 137 ---
137 
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk (or any other relevant price risk including, but not limited 
to, the currency risk) of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities; or (b) freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of 
hedge positions as the case may be between accounts within the jurisdiction of the hedge position 
(the Affected Jurisdiction) or from accounts within the Affected Jurisdiction to accounts 
outside of the Affected Jurisdiction. 
In case of the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption relating to an Underlying asset (the Affected 
Underlying) the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities 
(hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). In that case where an Early Redemption 
Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall 
pay or cause to be paid an amount on the basis of the fair market value of the Securities 
(the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities); 
(ii) 
replace the Affected Underlying by a new underlying which is representative of the 
same economic or geographic sector. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)) below). 
7. 
Purchases and Cancellation 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open 
market or by tender or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or 
surrendered for cancellation. 
In relation to Certificates which qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, 
the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time repurchase Securities in compliance with the 
then applicable MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior 
permission of the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights 
and procedures (only applicable to Certificates)) below).  
8. 
Agents, Determinations, Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
(A) 
Security Agents and Registrar 
The specified offices of the Security Agents and Registrar are as set out at the end of these 
Conditions. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Security 
Agent and to appoint further or additional Security Agents, provided that no termination of 
appointment of the Principal Security Agent shall become effective until a replacement Principal 
Security Agent shall have been appointed and provided that, so long as any of the Securities are 
listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by any other relevant authority, 
there shall be a Security Agent having a specified office in each location required by the rules

--- Page 138 ---
138 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority and, for so long as 
there are any Registered Securities outstanding, there will at all times be a Registrar. Notice of 
any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified office of any Security Agent 
or Registrar will be given to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) provided 
that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such 
termination or changes. In acting under the Agency Agreement, each Security Agent and the 
Registrar acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders and any Security Agent’s 
determinations and calculations in respect of the Securities shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
The Agency Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto, but without the consent of the 
Securityholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties 
may mutually deem necessary or desirable and which shall not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Securityholders. 
(B) 
Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be the Issuer or another 
entity) acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders. All calculations and 
determinations made in respect of the Securities by the Calculation Agent shall be made in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be 
final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
(C) 
Determinations by the Issuer 
Any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions shall be made in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
(D) 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
(i) The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Securityholders 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Securities or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer. The provisions for convening 
meetings of the Securityholders contained in the Agency Agreement, shall apply, mutatis 
mutandis, also to the Italian Dematerialised Securities. The quorum at any such meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is two or more persons holding or representing a 
clear majority of the Securities for the time being outstanding or at any adjourned meeting 
two or more persons being or representing Securityholders whatever the number or 
Securities so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Securities (including modifying the date of 
exercise of the Securities, reducing or cancelling the Cash Settlement Amount in respect 
of the Securities or altering the currency of payment of the Securities other than pursuant 
to Condition 16 (Adjustments for European Monetary Union)), the quorum shall be two or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds of the Securities for the time

--- Page 139 ---
139 
being outstanding or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third of the Securities for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Securityholders shall be binding on 
all the Securityholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting save in the case of 
American Style Warrants, for those Warrants remaining outstanding but for which an 
Exercise Notice shall have been submitted prior to the date of the meeting. 
In respect of Italian Dematerialised Securities, for the purposes of (i) ascertaining the right 
to attend and vote at any meeting of the Securityholders and (ii) the determination of how 
many Italian Dematerialised Securities are outstanding for the purposes of this Condition, 
those Italian Dematerialised Securities which are beneficially held by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be 
outstanding provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that this shall not prejudice any rights of 
the Issuer and its respective legal and financial advisers to attend and speak at any such 
meeting. 
The Principal Security Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Securityholders to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Securities or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Securities or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(ii) This Condition 8(D)(ii) applies to Certificates qualified as eligible liabilities under the 
MREL Requirements at the time of the issuance. If at any time a MREL Disqualification 
Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any 
notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the such 
Certificates of that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 
(sixty) days' notice to the Paying Agent and the Securityholders of the Certificates of that 
Series, which notice shall be irrevocable, at any time either substitute all (but not some 
only) of such Certificates, or vary the terms of such Certificates so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become Qualifying Certificates (as defined above), provided that such 
variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied or substituted securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Securityholders shall be required for a 
substitution or variation (as applicable) of such Certificates in accordance with this 
Condition 8(D)(ii). 
9. 
Notices

--- Page 140 ---
140 
All notices to Securityholders shall be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Securities or 
Registered Securities in definitive form are issued, the notice is delivered to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, for communication by them to the Securityholders; (ii) if and so long 
as the Securities are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the notice is published in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication on the relevant website 
(www.euronext.com)); (iii) if and so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on stock 
exchanges other than Euronext Dublin, the notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any such other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on 
which the Securities are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading; 
(iv) in the case of Registered Securities in definitive form if sent by first class mail to the holders 
(or the first named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register; and 
(v) if and so long as the Securities are Italian Dematerialised Securities, as long as the Securities 
are held through Monte Titoli, the notice shall be deemed to have been duly given if given 
through the systems of Monte Titoli. If Definitive Securities are issued, notices to 
Securityholders will be deemed validly given if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made in 
the Financial Times. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of delivery 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the date of publication, as the case may be, or, 
if published more than once, on the date of the first publication. 
10. 
Expenses and Taxation 
(A) 
A holder of Securities must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, sale commissions, stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the 
exercise and settlement of such Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities and/or the 
delivery or transfer of the Entitlement, as applicable (Expenses) relating to such Securities. 
(B) 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any 
Security by any person and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such 
tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or 
deducted. 
(C) 
A holder of Securities must provide the Issuer with sufficient information and all reasonable 
assistance necessary (for, and pay all costs associated with), compliance by the Issuer with 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Code. If the Issuer or any other relevant withholding agent determines that a 
withholding pursuant to FATCA or U.S. dividend equivalent tax legislations under Section 
871(m) is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  
11. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Securityholders to create 
and issue further Securities so as to be consolidated with and form a single series with the 
outstanding Securities.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
12. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(A) 
Substitution of Issuer 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer (or any previously substituted 
company from time to time) shall, without the consent of the Securityholders, be entitled at any 
time to substitute for the Issuer any other company (the Substitute) as principal debtor in respect 
of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Securities provided that (i) all action, 
conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any 
necessary consents) to ensure that the Securities represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(ii) the Substitute shall have assumed all obligations arising from or in connection with the 
Securities and shall have become a party to the Agency Agreement, with any consequential 
amendments; (iii) the obligations of the Substitute in respect of the Securities shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer; (iv) each stock exchange or listing 
authority on which the Securities are listed shall have confirmed that following the proposed 
substitution of the Substitute the Securities would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
and (v) the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days’ prior notice of the date of such substitution 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices); and (vi) in relation to 
Certificates which qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, if required by 
the Relevant Regulations, the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority. 
(B) 
Modification of Conditions as a result of Substitution of Issuer 
After any substitution or change of branch pursuant to Condition 12(A) (Substitution of Issuer), 
the Conditions will be modified in all consequential respects including, but not limited to, 
replacement of references to the Republic of Italy in the Conditions where applicable, by 
references to the country of incorporation, domicile and/or residence for tax purposes of the 
Substitute or the new branch, as the case may be. Such modifications shall be notified to 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Securities and the Agency Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Securities and the Agency Agreement) are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with English law. Notwithstanding this, (i) in respect of Italian 
Dematerialised Securities, the registration and transfer of the Italian Dematerialised Securities 
in Monte Titoli will be governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Italian law, and, 
(ii) in respect of the loss absorption provisions described in Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of 
Italian Bail-in Power) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
such provisions will be governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Securities 
(including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Securities and the Agency Agreement) (Proceedings), the Issuer 
irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and hereby waives 
any objection to Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground 
that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. These submissions are for the 
benefit of each of the Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in

--- Page 142 ---
142 
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not). 
The Issuer hereby appoints Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch which is presently at 90 
Queen Street, London EC4N 1SA, as its agent for service of process and undertakes that, in the 
event of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person 
as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer, if any, for payment of principal, interest and/or remuneration in 
respect of the Certificates shall become void unless made within 60 months from the Exercise 
Date and no claims shall be made after such date. 
15. 
Market Disruption Events and Adjustment Events 
15(1) 
Market Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Intraday Value cannot be determined at any time 
on a Relevant Exchange Business Day, by reason of the occurrence of an event giving rise to a 
Market Disruption Event (as described in the following sub-conditions), then the value at such 
time on such period shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the Intraday Value of 
the Underlying(s). 
15(1)(A) Market Disruption Event in relation to Index Securities  
Definitions 
"Index Constituent" means any security or other asset constituting an Index; and 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, any regulated or non-regulated market 
where the options, futures or repo contracts on such Index are traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than the 
Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent on the 
Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(A), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
any suspension of, or relevant limitation imposed on (a) any transaction on the relevant 
Exchange or (b) trading of a concrete amount of Index Constituents traded on the 
relevant Exchanges; 
(ii) 
any suspension of, or relevant limitation imposed on, trading of futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index on a Related Exchange; 
(iii) 
any event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) that disrupts or impairs the ability 
of market participants in general to affect transactions (a) in relation to or to obtaining

--- Page 143 ---
143 
market values for, the Index on the relevant Exchange, or (b) in or obtaining market 
values for, options contracts or futures contracts on or relating to such Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange; 
(iv) 
the opening on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its scheduled opening time unless such earlier opening time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (a) the actual opening time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the 
submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution on such Exchange Business Day; and 
(v) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission 
deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution on such Exchange Business Day. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to (i), 
(ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption 
Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event ceases.  
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Indices if the Market Disruption Event has occurred 
but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to determine the 
official level of the Index the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the official 
level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each 
single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine  
(i)  
in the case of Securities relating to a single Index, the official level of the Index as of 
the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event occurred on that 
eighth Exchange Business Day (in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Market Disruption 
Event), or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Indices:  
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not

--- Page 144 ---
144 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur, or on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent on that 
eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred, 
in all cases in accordance with the fair market value of the Index affected by 
the Market Disruption Event, using the formula for and the method of 
calculating each Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Market 
Disruption Event. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(A), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above 
in 15(1)(A) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a 
Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following 
the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer 
reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities

--- Page 145 ---
145 
relating to a single Index, the official closing level of the Index for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a 
Basket of Indices, the official closing level of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes 
of determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis 
of the Market Value of the Index affected by the Market Disruption determined using 
the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day and taking into 
consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such index or 
(y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice.  
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and 
the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will 
be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the index level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of 
the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed 
cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any events pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii), by way of 
a notice published on the Issuer's website www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(B) Market Disruption Event in relation to Share Securities  
Definitions 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, any regulated or non-regulated market where 
the options, futures or repo contracts on such Share are traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than the 
Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent on the 
Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(B), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
any suspension of, or relevant limitation (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
imposed on (a) any transaction on the relevant Reference Source or (b) trading of the 
Share traded on the relevant Reference Source; 
(ii) 
any suspension of or relevant limitation imposed on trading of futures or options 
contracts relating to a Share on a Related Exchange; 
(iii) 
any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (a) to affect transactions in relation to or to obtaining 
market values for the Share on the relevant Reference Source or (ii) to affect 
transactions in or obtaining market values for options contracts or futures contracts on 
or relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange; 
(iv) 
the opening on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Reference Source or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its scheduled opening time unless such earlier opening 
time is announced by such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one

--- Page 146 ---
146 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual opening time for the regular trading session on 
such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and 
(b) the submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the 
Reference Source or Related Exchange system for execution on such Exchange 
Business Day; and 
(v) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Reference Source or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and 
(b) the submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the 
Reference Source or Related Exchange system for execution on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(B) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on which 
the Market Disruption Event ceases.  
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares if the Market Disruption Event has occurred 
but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to determine the 
official level of the Basket of Shares the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine 
the official level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each 
single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Share, the value for the Share as of the 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event occurred on that eighth 
Exchange Business Day, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from

--- Page 147 ---
147 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur, or on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent on that 
eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(B), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above 
in 15(1)(B) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a 
Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following 
the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer 
reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If, on the Determination Date the Market Disruption Event is also continuing, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Share, the official closing price of the Share for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a 
Basket of Shares, the official closing price of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes 
of determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis 
of the Market Value of the Share affected by the Market Disruption determined using 
the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day and taking into 
consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such Share, or 
(y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and 
the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will 
be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Share level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of 
the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed 
cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 
15(1)(B), 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(C) Market Disruption Event in relation to Commodity Securities  
Definitions 
"Commodity Reference Dealers Price" means the price for the Reference Value determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of four quotations provided by Reference Dealers on the 
Relevant Time for a unit of the relevant Commodity. If four quotations are provided, the price 
for that Reference Value will be the arithmetic mean of the price for that Commodity provided 
by each Reference Dealer, without regard to the prices having the highest and lowest value; if 
exactly three quotations are provided, the Commodity Reference Dealers Price will be the price 
provided by the relevant Reference Dealer that remains after disregarding the prices having the 
highest value or the lowest value. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the same 
highest value or lowest value, then one of such quotations shall be disregarded. If fewer than 
three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the price for that Relevant Time cannot be 
determined. 
"Fallback Reference Value" means the Reference Value calculated following a Market 
Disruption Event; 
"Other Exchange" means, with respect to a Commodity, each exchange, trading system or 
quotation system other than the Reference Source on which such Commodity is listed, traded or 
quoted; 
"Reference Dealers" means in the event that the Reference Value shall be determined as a 
Commodity Reference Dealers Price, four leading leaders in the relevant market, other than the 
Reference Source, selected by the Calculation Agent;  
"Reference Price" means an amount equal to the official price of the relevant Commodity 
resulting from the listing made by the Reference Source on the Exchange Business Day which 
is used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Reference Value; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Commodity, any regulated or non-regulated market 
where the options, futures or repo contracts on such Commodity are traded, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Commodity, the relevant time by reference to 
which the Calculation Agent determines the price or value of such Commodity for the purposes 
of determining the Reference Value; and 
"Relevant Country" means, each of: 
(i) 
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in which a Reference 
Currency or the Settlement Currency is the legal tender or currency; and 
(ii) 
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) with which a Commodity, 
or the Reference Source, has a material connection and, in determining what is material

--- Page 149 ---
149 
the Calculation Agent may, without limitation, refer to such factor(s) as it may deem 
appropriate, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Capitalised terms which are not defined in this 15(1)(C) shall have the same meaning as of 
Condition 3 (Definitions). 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than the 
Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent on the 
Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(C), Market Disruption Events means the following events 
determining the impossibility for the Calculation Agent to calculate during the Relevant Time 
the Reference Value: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence on any Final Valuation Day at the Relevant Time 
for such commodity or at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
Relevant Time for such Commodity: 
(A) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on all trading (whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Reference Source or any Related Exchange or otherwise): 
a) 
in all contracts on a Reference Source; or  
b) 
in options contracts or futures contracts on a Related 
Exchange relating to a Commodity; or 
c) 
in connection with the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of the Reference Source or any Related Exchange prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Reference Source or such 
Related Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour 
prior to (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Reference Source or such Related 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day or, if earlier, (b) 
the submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be 
entered into the Reference Source or such Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Relevant Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. A "Scheduled Closing 
Time" is the scheduled weekday closing time of the 
relevant Reference Source or Related Exchange, without 
regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the 
regular trading session hours; or, 
(B) 
of any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to affect 
transactions in relation to or to obtaining market values for the 
relevant Commodity on the relevant Reference Source, or to affect 
transactions in or obtain market values for options contracts or futures 
contracts on the Related Exchange relating to such Commodity; or 
(C)  
of a failure of the Reference Source to announce or publish the

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Reference Price (or the information necessary for determining the 
Reference Price), or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of the Reference Price, or if the Commodity Reference 
Dealers Price is applicable, the failure to obtain at least three 
quotations from the relevant Reference Dealers, or if the Reference 
Value determined on the basis of Reference Price materially differs 
from the Reference Value determined on the basis of the Commodity 
Reference Dealers Price; or 
(D)  
of a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating 
the Reference Price by the Reference Source; or 
(ii) 
the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, 
value-added, transfer, stamp. documentary, (other than a tax on, or measured 
by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation 
authority after the Issue Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or 
removal is to raise or lower the price or value of the Commodity on the day 
that would otherwise be a Relevant Time from what it would have been 
without that imposition, change or removal.  
(iii) 
any government or supervisory authority (a) imposes any controls or 
announces its intention to impose any controls or (b) (i) implements or 
announces its intention to implement or (ii) changes or announces its intention 
to change the interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations, in 
each case which the Calculation Agent determines is likely to affect the 
Issuer's ability to acquire, hold, transfer or realise such Commodity or 
otherwise to affect transactions in relation to such Commodity. 
If the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that a Market Disruption Event has occurred 
or exists pursuant to 15(1)(C) (i), (ii) and (iii) above during the Relevant Time on a day that is 
an Exchange Business Day, then a Disruption Fallback (as defined below) method may apply. 
The Fallback Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the first applicable Disruption 
Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms), according to the order below, being each of the 
following method listed under (i), (ii) (iii) and (iv), a "Disruption Fallback" with the meaning 
as follows: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent determines the Fallback Reference Value based on the price 
for that Relevant Time provided by a suitable market recognised dealer not subject 
to a Market Disruption Event; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent, promptly upon becoming aware of the Market Disruption 
Event, determines in good faith the Fallback Reference Value (or a method for 
determining the Fallback Reference Value), and, if the Calculation Agent is not able 
to determine the Fallback Reference Value before the fifth Business Day following 
the date on which that Market Disruption Event occurred or existed, the next 
applicable Disruption Fallback shall apply; 
(iii)  
the Fallback Reference Value is determined on the basis of the Commodity 
Reference Dealers Price; 
(iv) 
the Issuer terminates its obligations under the relevant Commodity Security and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant termination amount. 
***

--- Page 151 ---
151 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(C), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) above in 
15(1)(C) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a 
Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following 
the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer 
reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Commodity, the Reference Value of the Commodity for the 
purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) in the case of Securities 
relating to a Basket of Commodities, the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent, 
for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case 
(x) on the basis of the Market Value of the Commodity affected by the Market 
Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted 
Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the 
value of such Commodity, or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and 
the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will 
be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the commodity level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the 
issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be 
deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 
15(1)(C), 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(D) Market Disruption Event in relation to Futures Contract Securities 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than the 
Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent on the

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(D), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
any disruption or any temporary or permanent discontinuance of the Reference Source 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent),  
(ii) 
any failure by the Reference Source to publish any relevant price of the Future contract,  
(iii) 
any suspension or limitation imposed on trading in the Future contract or in any other 
future or option contracts on the relevant exchanges; 
(iv) 
any discontinuance of trading in Future contracts, 
(v) 
the unavailability of the Reference Value, 
(vi) 
any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general to affect transactions in relation to or obtain market 
values for the Future contract;  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(D) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day 
on which the Market Disruption Event ceases.  
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Future Contracts if the Market Disruption Event has 
occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth 
Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to 
determine the official level of the Basket of Future Contracts the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each 
single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Future Contract, the Reference Value of the 
Future Contract as of the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption 
Event occurred on that eighth Exchange Business Day or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Future Contracts: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the Reference Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has

--- Page 153 ---
153 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the Reference Value of such Basket 
Constituent(s) on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased 
to occur, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the Reference Value of each Basket Constituent on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(D), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) 
above in 15(1)(D) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a 
Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following 
the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer 
reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Future Contract, the Reference Value of the Future Contract for the 
purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities 
relating to a Basket of Future Contracts, the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent, 
for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case 
(x) on the basis of the Market Value of the Future Contract affected by the Market 
Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted 
Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the 
value of such Future Contract, or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and 
the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will

--- Page 154 ---
154 
be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Future Contract level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in 
the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the 
issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be 
deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 
15(1)(D), 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(E) Market Disruption Event in relation to Exchange Rate Securities 
Definitions 
"Fallback Exchange Rate" means the Exchange Rate calculated by the Calculation Agent 
following a Market Disruption Event. 
"Other Exchange" means, with respect to an Exchange Rate, each exchange, trading system or 
quotation system other than the Reference Source on which the relevant Exchange Rate is listed, 
traded or quoted; 
"Reference Currency" means, with respect to an Exchange Rate, each currency specified in 
such an Exchange Rate; 
"Related Exchange" means, with respect to an Exchange Rate, any exchange, trading system, 
quotation system or non-regulated market on which options contracts, futures or repo contracts 
on the relevant Exchange Rate are traded as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Exchange Rate, the relevant time by reference to 
which the Calculation Agent determines the price or value of such Exchange Rate for the 
purposes of determining the Reference Value; 
"Relevant Country" means, with respect to each Exchange Rate, each of: 
(i) 
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in which a Reference 
Currency for the Exchange Rate or the Settlement Currency is the legal tender or 
currency; and 
(ii)  
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in which a Reference 
Currency for the Exchange Rate or the Reference Source has a material connection and, 
in determining what is material the Calculation Agent may, without limitation, refer to 
such factor(s) as it may deem appropriate; 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"First Currency" means the currency appearing in the first position in an Exchange Rate; and 
"Second Currency" means the currency appearing in the second position in an Exchange Rate. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than the 
Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent on the 
Relevant Exchange Business Day

--- Page 155 ---
155 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(E), Market Disruption Events means the occurrence of the 
following events under which it becomes impossible to calculate the Exchange Rate at the 
Relevant Time, and in particular: 
A 
the occurrence or existence on any Exchange Business Day at the Relevant 
Time for the Exchange Rate or at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the Relevant Time for such Exchange Rate: 
(a) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading (whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding the limits permitted by the 
relevant Reference Source or any Related Exchange or otherwise): 
(i) 
of a Second Currency, for its conversion into the relevant 
First Currency, on the Reference Source or any Other 
Exchange; or 
(ii) 
in options contracts or futures contracts relating to a Second 
Currency, for its conversion into the relevant First 
Currency, on any Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
of any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to 
affect transactions in relation to or to obtaining market values for a 
Second Currency, for its conversion into the relevant First Currency, 
on the relevant Reference Source or affecting transactions in or 
obtain market values for options contracts or futures contracts on or 
relating to such Second Currency, for its conversion into the First 
Currency, on any Related Exchange;  
B 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Reference Source or any 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Reference Source or such Related 
Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to (a) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Reference Source or such Related 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day or, if earlier, (b) the submission 
deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the Reference Source 
or such Related Exchange system for execution at the Relevant Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. A "Scheduled Closing Time" is the scheduled 
weekday closing time of the relevant Reference Source or Related Exchange, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(E) (A) and (B) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption 
Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event ceases.  
The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, will 
determine the Fallback Exchange Rate taking into consideration all available information that 
in good faith it deems relevant. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day

--- Page 156 ---
156 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(E), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (1) and (2) above in 15(1)(E) 
on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a 
Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following 
the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer 
reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If also on the Determination Date the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Exchange Rate, the Reference Value of the Exchange Rate for the 
purposes of the determining the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) in the case of Securities 
relating to a Basket of Exchange Rates, the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent, 
for the purposes of the determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either 
case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the Exchange Rate affected by the Market 
Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted 
Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the 
value of such Exchange Rate, or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice.  
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and 
the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will 
be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Exchange Rate level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in 
the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the 
issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be 
deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 
15(1)(E), by way of a notice published on the Issuer's website https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/. 
15(1)(F) Market Disruption Events in relation to Fund Securities 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than the 
Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent on the 
Relevant Exchange Business Day

--- Page 157 ---
157 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(F), Market Disruption Events means the occurrence of the 
following events: 
(i) 
the failure to publish or determine (a) the net asset value of the Fund or (b) if applicable, 
the closing auction price relating to each Exchange Traded Fund; 
(ii) 
the failure to open for trading and the permanent discontinuance of trading in the Fund 
(in the case of an Exchange Traded Fund); 
(iii) 
any substantial limitation on trading in the Fund on the relevant exchanges (in the case 
of Exchange Traded Fund); 
(iv) 
any other event similar to the events set out above which makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to perform its duties pursuant to the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(F) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, then the Exchange Business Day is postponed to the next 
following Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases. 
The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, will 
determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Fund, its good faith estimate value for that 
Fund on the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Funds:  
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange Business 
Day originally expected, or on that Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event ceases for all Basket Constituents;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event ceases for all Basket Constituents, the Calculation 
Agent will have the faculty to determine the value of such Basket 
Constituent(s) on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased 
to occur for that single Basket Constituent(s), or on that Exchange Business 
Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases for all Basket Constituents; 
or,  
 
in all cases acting in good faith in order to determine its good faith estimate value of 
each Basket Constituent on the Exchange Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event ceases, using (where available) the quoted prices from the period 
before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market 
Disruption Event on the value of such Fund. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be

--- Page 158 ---
158 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(F), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i) (ii), (iii) and (iv) above in 
15(1)(F) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a 
Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following 
the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer 
reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If, on the Determination Date the Market Disruption Event is also continuing, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Fund, the Reference Value of the Fund for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a 
Basket of Funds, the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of 
the Market Value of the Fund affected by the Market Disruption determined using the 
quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration 
the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such Fund, or (y) pursuant 
to the reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and 
the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will 
be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Fund level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of 
the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed 
cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 
15(1)(F), 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(G)Market Disruption Event in relation to Interest Rate Securities  
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than the 
Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent on the 
Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(G), Market Disruption Events means:

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(i) 
the permanent discontinuance or the failure to publish, determine, substitute the Interest 
Rate, provided that if such failure is an Adjustment Event pursuant to the following 
15(2), such event will be considered an Adjustment Event and not a Market Disruption 
Event; and 
(ii) 
any other event similar to the events set out above which makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to perform its duties pursuant to the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(G) (i) and (ii) above, then the Calculation Agent shall identify in good faith and according 
to the best market practices a substitutive suitable Interest Rate for the purposes of such 
determination, or, in the event that no substitutive suitable Interest Rate can be validly identified, 
then the Exchange Business Day is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on 
which the Market Disruption Event ceases. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Interest Rates if the Market Disruption Event has 
occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth 
Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to 
determine the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent the Calculation Agent will have the 
faculty to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each 
single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, will determine  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Interest Rate, the official Reference Value 
of the Interest Rate, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Interest Rates: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the Reference Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the Reference Value of such Basket 
Constituent(s) on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased 
to occur, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have

--- Page 160 ---
160 
the faculty to determine the Reference Value of each Basket Constituent on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred, 
in all cases in accordance with the fair market value of the Interest Rate affected by the 
Market Disruption Event, using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted 
Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the 
value of such Interest Rate. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(G), Market Disruption Event occurring on a Determination Date 
means:  
(i) 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i) and (ii) above in 15(1)(G) 
on a Determination Date. In such case, Determination Date shall mean the first 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately 
following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a Market 
Disruption Event is continuing on all the five Exchange Business Days following the 
Determination Date originally expected, the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to 
cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms 
shall be deemed cancelled. Investors will be notified of the occurrence of such event 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com, and 
(ii) 
if, on a Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Interest Rate 
level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In such case, the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the 
Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled. 
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of such event by way of a notice published 
on the Issuer's website www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(H) Market Disruption Events in relation to Govies Securities 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than the 
Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent on the 
Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(H), Market Disruption Events means:  
(i) 
the specified Exchange ceases to list or otherwise include the Government Bond and 
the Government Bond is not listed or otherwise included in any other Exchange, 
provided that if such event is an Adjustment Event pursuant to the following 15(2), 
such event will be considered an Adjustment Event and not a Market Disruption Event;

--- Page 161 ---
161 
(ii) 
the issuer of the Government Bond irreversibly converts those Government Bonds into 
other securities, and such other securities in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation 
Agent will not have the same characteristics of the Government Bond, provided that if 
such an event is an Adjustment Event pursuant to the following 15(2), such event will 
be considered an Adjustment Event and not a Market Disruption Event; 
(iii) 
any other event similar to the events set out above which makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to perform its duties pursuant to the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(H) (i), (ii) and (iii) above, then the Calculation Agent shall identify in good faith and 
according to the best market practices a substitutive suitable Government Bond for the purposes 
of such determination, or, in the event that no substitutive suitable Government Bond can be 
validly identified, the Exchange Business Day is postponed to the next following Exchange 
Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases. 
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Government Bonds if the Market Disruption Event 
has occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituents before the eighth 
Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to 
determine the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent the Calculation Agent will have the 
faculty to determine the official Value of each Basket Constituent:  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for each 
single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, will determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Government Bond, the Reference Value of 
the Government Bond as of the Exchange Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event occurred on that eighth Exchange Business Day, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Government Bonds: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the Reference Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the Reference Value of such Basket

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Constituent(s) on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased 
to occur, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the Reference Value of each Basket Constituent on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred, 
in all cases in accordance with the fair market value of the Government Bond affected 
by the Market Disruption Event, using the quoted prices from the period before the 
Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event 
on the value of such Government Bond. 
*** 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(H), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) above in 
15(1)(H) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a 
Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days following 
the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), the Issuer 
reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Government Bond, the official closing Value of the Government 
Bond for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of 
Securities relating to a Basket of Government Bonds, the official closing Value of the 
Basket Constituent, for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value of the 
Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the market value of the Government Bond 
affected by the Market Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period 
before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market 
Disruption Event on the value of such Government Bond or (y) pursuant to the 
reasonable market practice.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day and 
the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will 
be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Government Bond Value is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out 
in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel 
the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled.  
Investors will be notified of the occurrence of any events pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii), by way of 
a notice published on the Issuer's website www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
15(1)(I) Market Disruption Events in relation to Combined Securities 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(I), a Market Disruption Event occurring on a Relevant Exchange 
Business Day other than the Determination Date or on a Determination Date, shall have the 
same meaning of the foregoing Market Disruption Events and will be considered in accordance 
with the underlyings which are relevant for each specific issue. 
15(2) 
Adjustment Events relating to the Underlying and correction provisions in relation to the 
Securities  
If the Underlying is affected by an Adjustment Event, the Issuer will intervene in order to procure 
that the economic value of the Securities following an Adjustment Event is equal, as far as 
possible, to the economic value of the Securities before the occurrence of the Adjustment Event, 
by applying one of the following measures pursuant to the following sub-sections from 15(2)(A) 
to 15(2)(I). 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred and its negative effects cannot be corrected as described, 
the Issuer may: (i) apply the provisions of Market Disruption Events as detailed under 15(1), or, 
as alternative, (ii) redeem the Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the basis of the 
market value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. The payment will be made in accordance with the method 
of calculation notified to the investor on the Issuer's website.  
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)) below). 
15(2)(A) Adjustment Events in relation to Index Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(A), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to an Index, the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Calculation of the Index by a Successor Sponsor. 
If the Index Sponsor is replaced by a Successor Sponsor, the Index so calculated and 
announced by such Successor Sponsor will continue to be deemed as the single 
Underlying or the Basket Constituent.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
(b) 
Modification of the method of calculation of the Index or substitution with a Successor 
Index. 
If an Index Sponsor (or a Successor Sponsor, where applicable) substantially modifies 
the method of calculation of the Index or replaces the Index with a Successor Index, 
the Issuer may take one of the following actions which will be notified to the investor 
by way of a notice on its website: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor (or the Successor Sponsor, where applicable) may modify 
or replace the method of calculation by using the same or a substantially 
similar formula in the calculation of the Index, so as to maintain continuity in 
the values of the Index before and after such amendment or replacement 
(using a connection coefficient) and the Securities will not be affected by any 
correction and will have the modified Index (or the Successor Index, as the 
case may be) as the Underlying; 
(ii) 
the Index Sponsor (or the Successor Sponsor, where applicable) may modify 
or replace the method of calculation resulting in a substantial difference 
between the Index value (as single the Underlying or Basket Constituent) 
before and after such amendment or replacement, the Issuer may correct the 
Multiplier, using an adjustment coefficient as determined by the Index 
Sponsor, the Successor Sponsor or, failing this, by the Issuer. In the case of a 
Basket, such amendment or replacement (also following the correction of the 
Multiplier) will not affect the weighting of the Index as Basket Constituent; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer, in relation to the procedure for the amendment or replacement 
and in relation to the modified Index or Successor Index, does not consider 
appropriate the method of calculation in (i) and (ii) for the purposes of the first 
paragraph of this 15(2)(A), the Issuer may redeem the Securities early under 
payment of an amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the 
Securities. 
(c) 
Cancellation or disruption of the Underlying Index (or the Index as Basket 
Constituent). 
If the Index Sponsor (or the Successor Sponsor, where applicable) (i) permanently 
cancels that Index, including without limitation following the adoption of a decision to 
withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in Article 35 of the Benchmark 
Regulation, or (ii) fails to calculate and announce that Index, the Issuer may replace the 
Index with another similar Index and, in the case of a Basket, with the same weighting 
of the Index which is a Basket Constituent. In accordance with the index types, the 
features that the Issuer will consider for the purposes of the replacement are the 
following: 
1 
in case of share indices: 
(i) 
the connection with the same geographical area; 
(ii) 
the connection with the same sector; and 
(iii) 
the method of calculation of the Index; 
2 
in case of currency indices, a similar composition of the Index in relation to 
currency classes and such currency classes may include: 
(i) 
U.S. dollar; 
(ii) 
Euro;

--- Page 165 ---
165 
(iii) 
emerging market countries; 
(iv) 
Asian currencies; and 
(v) 
high-yield currencies (for example, New Zealand dollar); 
3. 
in case of bond indices: 
(i) 
the rating; 
(ii) 
the type of issuer (sovereign or not sovereign); 
(iii) 
the connection with the same geographical area; 
(iv) 
the connection with the same sector; 
(v) 
the life of the bond composing the index; and 
(vi) 
the type of yield of the bond composing the index (fixed-rate or 
floating-rate); 
4. 
in case of commodity indices: 
(i) 
the composition of the Index; and 
(ii) 
the method of calculation of the Index; 
5. 
in case of futures indices: 
(i) 
the composition of the Index; and 
(ii) 
the connection with the same sector; 
6. 
in case of fund indices: 
(i) 
the connection with a monetary area; 
(ii) 
the connection with the same geographical area; 
(iii) 
the connection with the same sector; and 
(iv) 
the method of calculation of the Index; 
7. 
in case of inflation indices, the method of calculation of the Index and if the 
successor index cannot be determined pursuant to such parameter, the 
Calculation Agent will inquire five leading independent dealers to establish 
which index shall be the successor index; 
8. 
in the case of volatility indices and interest rate indices, the composition of 
the Index. 
If it is not possible to replace such Index, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early 
pursuant to the method set out above. 
(d) 
Any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of the 
Index. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)) below). 
15(2)(B) Adjustment Events in relation to Share Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(B), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Share, one or 
more of the following events: 
(a) 
share splits and consolidations; 
(b) 
the increase of corporate capital transactions on a free basis and the increase of 
corporate capital transactions by way of issuance of new shares of the same class as

--- Page 166 ---
166 
those underlying the Securities; 
(c) 
the increase of corporate capital transactions by way of issuance of (i) new shares of a 
class different from those underlying the Securities, (ii) shares with Warrant, (iii) 
convertible bonds and (iv) convertible bonds with Warrant; 
(d) 
merger and de-merger transactions5; 
(e) 
payment of an extraordinary dividend or a spin-off; 
(f) 
any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of 
the Share and/or the rights of the Shareholders. 
In relation to a Share, the Issuer determines the method of correction so that the economic value 
of the Securities after the correction is equal, as far as possible, to the economic value of the 
Securities before the Adjustment Event has occurred. For instance, the Issuer may also use for 
a single Share one of the following correction methods: 
(i) 
in case of a merger (and the shares of the company that arises from the merger remain 
listed), such Share will be replaced with the only Share of the company that arises from 
the merger; 
(ii) 
in case of a takeover, by way of tender offer, of the company issuing the Share, the 
price of such Share is crystallised until the expiry date of the Securities and will remain 
equal to the value of the Share at the beginning of the tender offer; 
(iii) 
in case of a payment of an extraordinary dividend or a spin-off in relation to the Share, 
the Initial Reference Value will be corrected so the performance of the Share is held 
constant. 
In relation to a Basket, the correction is made so as to immunise the Basket performance on an 
Adjustment Event occurring, and as a consequence the performance of the Securities will be 
neutralised in relation to the Adjustment Event. In the case of: 
(i) 
a merger between two companies issuing Shares which are both Basket Constituents 
(and the shares of the company that arises from the merger remain listed), such Shares 
will be replaced within the Basket with the only Share of the company that arises from 
the merger and that Share will have a weighting equal to the sum of the weightings of 
the two Shares; 
(ii) 
a takeover, by way of tender offer, of the company issuing the Share which is a Basket 
Constituent, the price of such Share within the Basket is crystallised until the expiry 
date of the Securities and will remain equal to the value of the Share at the beginning 
of the tender offer; 
(iii) 
a default of a company issuing a Share which is a Basket Constituent (and the 
consequent delisting of such Share), the price of such Share will be equal to zero until 
the expiry date of the Securities; and 
(iv) 
a payment of an extraordinary dividend or a spin-off in relation to a Share which is a 
Basket Constituent, the Initial Reference Value will be corrected so the performance of 
 
5 
For the purposes of a correction in relation to a de-merger, reference should be made to the listed share of 
the company that arises from the de-merger transaction.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
the Share within the relevant Basket is held constant. 
The correction, in relation to a single Adjustment Event, which may affect the Initial Reference 
Value and/or the Multiplier and/or the Share and/or other terms related to the Securities, is made 
according to the following criteria: 
(i) 
where an option contract on the Share affected by the Adjustment Event is traded on a 
Related Exchange, reference will be made to the criteria used by the Related Exchange 
to make the relevant corrections, possibly modified to consider the existing differences 
between the contractual features of the Securities and the option contracts; 
(ii) 
where there are no option contracts on the Share traded on a Related Exchange or in 
relation to which the Issuer does not consider that the method of correction is 
appropriate for the adjustment of the Securities, the terms and conditions of the 
Securities will be adjusted by the Issuer pursuant to international market practice. 
In relation to such adjustments, Securityholders will be notified by the Issuer by way of a notice 
on the Issuer's website. 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred, whose effects may not be neutralised by way of 
appropriate corrections to the Initial Reference Value and/or the Multiplier and/or the Share 
and/or other terms related to the Securities, the Issuer has the right but not the obligation to: (i) 
apply the provisions of the relevant Market Disruption Events as detailed under 15(1)(B), or, as 
alternative, (ii) redeem the Securities early, paying to each Securityholder, in respect of each 
Security, a cash amount calculated pursuant to the market value of the Securities, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and considering the quoted prices of the 
Underlying during the eight days before the adjustment date, thereby discharging its contractual 
obligations pursuant to the Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)) below). 
15(2)(C) Adjustment Events in relation to Commodity Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(C), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Commodity, one 
or more of the following events: 
(a) 
the Commodity traded on the Reference Source is a different quality or another 
composition (for example, in a different degree of purity); 
(b) 
any other event or measure as a result of which the Commodity, as traded on the 
Reference Source, is changed or altered; 
(c) 
options contracts or futures contracts on or relating to the Commodity as traded on any 
Related Exchange are altered in the manner described under (a) and (b) above; and 
(d) 
any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of the 
Commodity, 
and whether or not any event or measure is an Adjustment Event shall be conclusively 
determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
The Adjustment Event shall be treated as a Market Disruption event and paragraph 15 (1)(C) 
shall apply. 
15(2)(D) Adjustment Events in relation to Future Contracts Securities. 
For the purposes of this 15(2)(D), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Future Contract, 
one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Calculation of the Future Contract by a third party 
If the price of the Future Contract starts to be calculated and published by an entity other than 
the Reference Source (the "Other Entity"), the Underlying of the Securities will remain as the 
Future Contract selected as such, as calculated by the Other Entity.  
The Securityholders will be notified of the identity of the Other Entity, the terms of the 
calculation and the publication of the Future Contract as calculated by the Other Entity, within 
eight Business Day after the appointment of such Other Entity, by way of a notice on the Issuer's 
website. 
(b) 
Modification of the features of the Future Contract 
If the Reference Source or the Other Entity substantially modifies the features of the Future 
Contract, including, without limitation, the formula or the method of calculation of the 
Reference Value, the content, composition or constitution of the underlying of the Future 
Contract or replaces the Future Contract with a new asset, the following may occur: 
(i) 
if the Reference Source (or the Other Entity, where applicable) modifies or replaces 
so as to maintain continuity in the values of the Future Contract before and after such 
amendment or replacement (using a connection coefficient), the Securities will not 
be affected by any correction and will have the modified Future Contract as the 
Underlying; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Source (or the Other Entity, where applicable) makes the 
modification or replacement resulting in a substantial difference in the value of the 
Future Contract before and after such modification or replacement, the Calculation 
Agent will correct the Multiplier (and/or the Initial Reference Value and/or other 
terms related to the Securities), so that the economic value of the Future Contract is 
maintained constant, using an adjustment coefficient as calculated by the Reference 
Source of the Future Contract or, failing this, as deemed appropriate by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in its reasonable discretion and in good faith, also 
considering the market practice. In the case of a Basket of Future Contracts, such 
modification or replacement will not affect the weighting of the Future Contract as a 
Basket Constituent; and 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the effects of the modification or 
replacement cannot be deleted by way of the procedure set out in (ii) above, the Issuer 
will be entitled to perform its obligations pursuant to the Securities in accordance 
with the following paragraph. 
(c) 
Cessation of the calculation of the Future Contract 
If the Reference Source or the Other Entity ceases to calculate or publish the Future Contract 
without calculating or publishing a new Future Contract, the Issuer may perform its obligations 
pursuant to the Securities paying to the Securityholders an amount representing the market value

--- Page 169 ---
169 
of the Securities. 
(d) 
Any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of 
the Future Contract. 
The Securityholders will be notified of the market value of the Securities and the relevant 
method of payment, by way of a notice on the Issuer's website. 
15(2)(E)Adjustment Events in relation to Exchange Rate Securities 
For the purposes of this 15(2)(E), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to an Exchange Rate, 
the one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Adjustments 
If a Second Currency is in the country (or countries) or jurisdiction (or jurisdictions)maintaining 
the authority, institution or other body which issues such Reference Currency, replaced in its 
function as legal tender by another currency or merged with another currency to become a 
common currency (such replacement or merged currency the "New Reference Currency") and 
the provisions of the following paragraph "Early Termination Event" do not apply, such Second 
Currency shall, within the Exchange Rate, be replaced by the New Reference Currency (such 
exchange rate the "New Rate of Exchange"), provided that the New Exchange Rate shall be 
calculated on the basis of the number of units of the New Reference Currency determined by 
the conversion of the number of units of the Second Currency used for the determination of the 
previous Exchange Rate into the New Reference Currency using the exchange rate applicable 
to such conversion, all of which is determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
Early Termination Events 
(i) 
If a Reference Currency ceases, for any reason, to be legal tender in the country (or 
countries) or jurisdiction (or jurisdictions), maintaining the authority, institution or 
other body which issues such Reference Currency, and the provisions of the previous 
paragraph ""Adjustments" do not apply, or if an adjustment in accordance with the 
previous paragraph is, as determined by the Calculation Agent, for any reason not 
possible or not reasonably practical; or 
(ii) where the Reference Source for any Exchange Rate is an exchange, trading system 
or quotation system, if the Reference Source announces that pursuant to the rules of 
such Reference Source, the exchange rate between the relevant First Currency and 
Second Currency ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Reference Source for any reason and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-
quoted on an exchange, trading system or quotation system acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent ("Cessation of Trading"), 
the Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to cancel the Securities by giving notice to 
the Securityholders through the Issuer's website. The Issuer may discharge its obligations 
pursuant to the Securities paying an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security 
held by such Securityholder which amount shall be the fair market value of the Securities, as 
determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
The Securityholders will be notified of the market value of the Securities and the relevant 
method of payment, by way of a notice on the Issuer's website. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)) below). 
15(2)(F) Adjustment Events in relation to Fund Securities 
Terms 
"Insolvency" means that, by reason of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Fund, (i) all 
of the shares of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (ii) holders of the shares of that Fund become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
"Nationalization" means that the Fund or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are 
nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
Adjustment Events and replacement of the Fund or redemption of the Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(F), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Fund, one or 
more of the following events: 
(a) 
Nationalization; 
(b)  
Insolvency; 
(c) 
the Fund (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, 
official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), 
or (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, 
or the Fund institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home 
office, a proceeding seeking judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
similar relief, or (iii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgement of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief, (iv) seeks or becomes subject to 
the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all of its assets, 
(v) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all of its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process levied, enforced or sued 
on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in 
each case within 15 days thereafter, or (vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect 
to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any 
of the events specified in clauses from (i) to (v) above; 
(d)  
the net asset value of the Fund has decreased by an amount considered reasonably 
significant by the Issuer in good faith, or the Fund has violated any leverage restriction 
that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any 
order or judgement of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any 
of its assets, the Fund documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting 
the Fund or any of its assets;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
(e)  
(i) the resignation, termination, or replacement of its Fund adviser or (ii) the resignation, 
termination, death or replacement of any key person as specified; 
(f) 
any change or modification of the related documents that could reasonably be expected 
to affect the value of such Fund; 
(g)  
means any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the 
related Fund documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of such Fund or the 
rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
(h) 
(i) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund by 
any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund, (ii) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its 
Fund adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such 
Fund or on any investor therein, or (iii) the Fund or any of its Fund administrator of 
Fund adviser becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund, 
Fund administrator or Fund adviser; 
(i) 
(i) occurrence of any event affecting such Fund that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation 
Agent to determine the value of such Fund, and such event continues for at least the 
foreseeable future; (ii) any failure of the Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) 
information, if any that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or (B) information that has 
been previously delivered, as applicable, in accordance with such Fund, or its 
authorized representative's, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such 
Fund; 
(j)  
(i) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (A) it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the interest issued or held in the Fund, or (B) it will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations with respect to the interest issued 
or held in the Fund (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit of other adverse effect on its tax position); 
(k) 
means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price 
risk relating to any interest issued or held in the Fund of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the relevant Fund Security, or (ii) realize, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction (s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer shall not be deemed an increased cost of hedging pursuant to this clause 
k); and

--- Page 172 ---
172 
(l)  
any day, a failure by the Fund to pay the full amount (whether expressed as a percentage 
or otherwise) of the redemption proceeds calculated by the Calculation Agent that 
would be paid; 
(m) 
any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of the 
Fund; 
(n) 
the total exposure of the Issuer with respect to the Fund on any Exchange Business Day 
is higher than a specific threshold amount (the "Threshold") determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified to Securityholders on the Issuer's website. In the 
absence of any notice, the Threshold shall be considered as equal to 22.00% of the 
aggregate net asset value of the relevant Fund on the relevant Exchange Business Day. 
Following the occurrence of an Adjustment Event pursuant to (a), (b), above in relation to a 
Fund, the Issuer redeems the relevant Securities through a notice published on its website. In 
this case, the Issuer will pay to the Securityholders the market value of the Securities, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Adjustment Events pursuant to (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), (l) and (m) above shall be 
treated as Market Disruption Events and paragraph 15 (1) (F) shall apply. 
Following the occurrence of the Adjustment Event pursuant to (n), the Calculation Agent has 
the faculty but not the obligation to, alternatively: 
(i)  
identify a new Fund in respect of which an Adjustment Event has not occurred. 
Following the identification of the new fund by the Calculation Agent, Securityholders 
will be notified by the Calculation Agent by way of a notice on the Issuer's website. 
The new Fund will replace the Fund affected by the Adjustment Event pursuant to (n) 
with effect from the release of the relevant substitution notice on the Issuer's website. 
The Calculation Agent will make the corrections which will be appropriate in its 
opinion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to any variable, method of 
calculation or evaluation or other relevant parameter pursuant to the Securities, in order 
to affect such substitution, or 
(ii)  
take any necessary action to reduce Issuer's exposure in order that the total exposure of 
the Issuer shall be comprised below the Threshold, including the faculty for the Issuer 
to redeem the relevant Securities through a notice published on its website.  
15(2)(G)Adjustment Events in relation to Interest Rate Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(G), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to an Interest Rate, 
one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
the Interest Rate is no longer calculated by the relevant Calculation Entity in charge for 
the calculation, but by another entity which has replaced the Calculation Entity in 
charge of the calculation. In such case, the Settlement Amount will be determined 
according to the Reference Value of the Interest Rate as determined and published by 
the new entity, and each reference to the Entity in charge for the calculation shall be 
deemed as a reference, where applicable, to the new entity; and  
(ii) 
the Interest Rate is cancelled or replaced, including without limitation, following the 
adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in Article 
35 of the Benchmark Regulation. In such case, if the Calculation Entity substantially 
modifies the method of calculation of the Interest Rate or replaces the Interest Rate

--- Page 173 ---
173 
with a Successor Interest Rate, the Issuer may take one of the following actions which 
will be notified to the investor by way of a notice on its website: 
(a) 
the Calculation Entity may modify or replace the method of calculation by 
using the same or a substantially similar formula in the calculation of the 
Interest Rate, so as to maintain continuity in the values of the Interest Rate 
before and after such amendment or replacement (using a connection 
coefficient) and the Securities will not be affected by any correction and will 
have the modified Interest Rate as the Underlying; 
(b) 
the Calculation Entity may modify or replace the method of calculation 
resulting in a substantial difference between the Interest Rate value before and 
after such amendment or replacement, the Issuer may correct the Multiplier, 
using an adjustment coefficient as determined by the Calculation Entity or, 
failing this, by the Issuer. In the case of a Basket, such amendment or 
replacement (also following the correction of the Multiplier) will not affect 
the weighting of the Interest Rate as Basket Constituent; 
(c) 
if the Issuer, in relation to the procedure for the amendment or replacement 
and in relation to the modified Interest Rate, does not consider appropriate the 
method of calculation in (a) and (b) for the purposes of this 15(2)(G), the 
Issuer may redeem the Securities early under payment of an amount calculated 
on the basis of the market value of the Securities; 
(iii) 
the Interest Rate is cancelled or replaced including without limitation, following the 
adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in Article 
35 of the Benchmark Regulation and, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, it is not 
possible to determine a new Interest Rate. In such case, the Issuer and an expert 
appointed by the Issuer will continue to calculate and publish the Interest Rate pursuant 
to the previous system and to the last level calculated or the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early under payment of an amount calculated on the basis of the market value 
of the Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)) below). 
15(2)(H)Adjustment Events in relation to Govies Securities 
For the purposes of this 15(2)(H), "Adjustment Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(i) 
the specified Exchange ceases to list or otherwise include the Government Bond and 
the Government Bond is listed or otherwise included in any other securities exchange; 
(ii) 
the issuer of the Government Bond irreversibly converts those Government Bond into 
other securities; 
(iii) 
If the Value published or announced on a given Exchange Business Day and used or 
to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Reference Value, the Initial

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Reference Value or Final Reference Value is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published or announced by the Reference Source for that publication 
or announcement within 30 calendar days of the original publication or 
announcement; 
(iv) 
any other event affecting the economic value, and consequently the market price of the 
Government Bond. 
15(2)(I)Adjustment Events in relation to Combined Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(I), "Adjustment Event" means the occurrence of one or more of 
the events set out above in relation to the other types of Security, in accordance with the specific 
underlying assets which are relevant from time to time in relation to each issue. 
16. 
Adjustments for European Monetary Union 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, on giving notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices): 
(i) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms 
of the Securities shall be redenominated in Euro; 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(A) 
where the Settlement Currency of the Securities is the National Currency Unit 
of a country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union, such Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an 
amount of euro converted from the original Settlement Currency into Euro at 
the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding as the 
Calculation Agent may decide and as may be specified in the notice, and after 
the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect 
of the Securities will be made solely in Euro as though references in the 
Securities to the Settlement Currency were to Euro; 
(B) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions (as 
amended or supplemented in the applicable Final Terms) are expressed in or, 
in the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or into, the 
currency (the "Original Currency") of a country which is participating in the 
third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate 
and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in 
or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted for or, as the case may be into, 
Euro at the Established Rate; and 
(C) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions (as amended or 
supplemented in the applicable Final Terms) as the Issuer may decide, in its 
sole and absolute discretion to conform them to conventions then applicable 
to instruments expressed in Euro; and/or 
(ii) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Multiplier and/or the 
Strike Price and/or the Settlement Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the third stage

--- Page 175 ---
175 
of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Multiplier and/or the Strike Price 
and/or the Settlement Price and/or such other terms of these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Calculation Agent 
or any of the Security Agents shall be liable to any Securityholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of Euro or 
any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Date means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Securityholders 
pursuant to this Condition which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Original 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the Treaty; 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to first 
sentence of Article 1091(4) of the Treaty; 
Euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
National Currency Unit means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are defined 
on the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in European 
Economic and Monetary Union; and 
Treaty means the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
17. 
Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any Securityholder, and without prejudice to Article 
55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Securities each Securityholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution 
Authority, which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in 
respect of the Securities together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and 
any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a 
portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities together with any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the 
holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Securities 
together with any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the expiry of the Securities or amendment of the amounts

--- Page 176 ---
176 
payable under the Securities, or the date on which each amount becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Italian Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian 
Resolution Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution Authority shall not constitute 
an event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by 
the Italian Resolution Authority in accordance with this Condition 17. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from 
which the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Certificates, the 
Issuer shall notify the holders of the Certificates without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer 
to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-in Power nor the 
effects on the Certificates described in this Condition 17. 
Each Securityholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the 
matters described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings relating to the application of any Italian Bail-in Power to the Certificates. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
Subject as provided in the Agency Agreement, the Securities do not confer on any third party 
any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the Act) to enforce any term 
of the Securities, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is 
available apart from the Act. 
19. 
Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants) 
(A) 
Exercise Period 
(i) 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise 
Period by the delivery of an Exercise Notice in the manner set out below, unless an Early 
Redemption Event occurred (only applicable in case of Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or 
trading without prior offer).  
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the 
manner set out below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may 
be, on the last Exercise Business Day of the Exercise Period (the Expiration Date), shall 
become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any such American 
Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out 
below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the 
Expiration Date and which is in the determination of the Calculation Agent "In-The-Money" 
shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date (as defined below), provided the relevant 
Warrant is not a Definitive Warrant. The expressions exercise, due exercise and related

--- Page 177 ---
177 
expressions shall be construed to apply to any Warrants which are automatically exercised on 
the Expiration Date in accordance with this provision. 
With respect to an American Style Warrant, the Actual Exercise Date means (a) the Exercise 
Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice in respect of an American 
Style Warrant is delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with a copy to the 
Issuer and the Principal Security Agent, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time, 
as appropriate, or (b) if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms and no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in accordance with the preceding paragraph (a), the 
Expiration Date. If any Exercise Notice in respect of an American Style Warrant is received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or a copy thereof is delivered to the Issuer or the 
Principal Security Agent after 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time, as appropriate, on any 
Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have 
been delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which Exercise Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out below at or prior to 10.00 a.m. Brussels 
or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the Expiration Date shall (i) if Automatic Exercise is 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms, become void or (ii) if Automatic Exercise is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as 
provided above. 
The Securityholder may renounce any Automatic Exercise of such Warrant, prior to the 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time (if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms) through 
its own financial intermediary, which shall deliver or send by authenticated swift message 
(confirmed in writing) a duly completed Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in 
the form available on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com (a 
Renouncement Notice), to the relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the Principal Security 
Agent and the Issuer, in compliance with the laws and regulation, including the regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange, applicable from time to time. If a duly completed Renouncement 
Notice is delivered or sent in compliance with the above, the relevant Securityholder will not be 
entitled to receive any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Warrants and the 
Issuer shall have no further liabilities in respect of such amounts. 
Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any determination as to whether a 
Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant 
Clearing System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant 
Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered shall be null and void. If such 
Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Principal Security Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new 
Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the relevant 
Clearing System and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent. 
(ii) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date or if such day is not an 
Exercise Business Day the immediately succeeding Exercise Business Day (the Actual Exercise 
Date and the Expiration Date), unless an Early Redemption Event occurred (only applicable in 
case of Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading without prior offer).

--- Page 178 ---
178 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style Warrant 
with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out below, at or 
prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the Actual Exercise Date, 
shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any such European Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out 
below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Actual 
Exercise Date and which is in the determination of the Calculation Agent "In-The-Money", shall 
be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and the provisions set out below shall 
apply, provided the relevant Warrant is not a Definitive Warrant. The expressions exercise, due 
exercise and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any Warrants which are 
automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date in accordance with this provision. 
The Securityholder may renounce any Automatic Exercise of such Warrant, prior to the 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time (if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms) through 
its own financial intermediary, which shall deliver or send by authenticated swift message 
(confirmed in writing) a duly completed Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in 
the form available on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com (a 
Renouncement Notice), to the relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the Principal Security 
Agent and the Issuer, in compliance with the laws and regulation, including the regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange, applicable from time to time. If a duly completed Renouncement 
Notice is delivered or sent in compliance with the above, the relevant Securityholder will not be 
entitled to receive any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Warrants and the 
Issuer shall have no further liabilities in respect of such amounts. 
Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any determination as to whether a 
Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant 
Clearing System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant 
Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered shall be null and void. If such 
Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Principal Security Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new 
Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered the relevant Clearing 
System and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent. 
(B) 
Cash Settlement 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Securities, subject as provided in this Condition 19, the Issuer 
shall pay or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each duly exercised 
Warrant, by credit or transfer to the Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for value on the Settlement Date less any Expenses not already 
paid, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as appropriate). 
The Issuer's obligations will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) of the amount so paid. Each of the persons shown 
in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular number of 
Warrants must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his 
share of each such payment.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or any other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment. 
(C) 
Physical Settlement 
If the Warrants are Physical Delivery Securities (only applicable in case of Share Securities), 
each such Warrant entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject as provided in Condition 4 
(Physical Delivery provisions), to receive the Entitlement from the Issuer on the Settlement 
Date, subject to payment of the relevant Premium, any Expenses and any other sums payable 
unless an Early Redemption Event occurred (only applicable in case of Warrants to be admitted 
to listing and/or trading without prior offer). If such event occurred, the Securityholder will not 
be entitled to receive the Entitlement. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the 
purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants provided that the 
aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Securityholder will be rounded down to the nearest 
whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or 
of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and a cash adjustment 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent will be paid in lieu of such fractions of the Relevant 
Asset. Any such cash adjustment amount will be paid to the account specified in the relevant 
Exercise Notice.  
Following exercise of a Share Security which are Warrants that are Physical Delivery Securities, 
all dividends on the Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such 
dividend according to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. Any such dividends to be paid to a Securityholder will be paid to the 
account specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Exercise Notice. 
(D) 
Exercise Notice 
Warrants may only be exercised by the Securityholder through its own financial intermediary, 
which shall deliver or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent 
and the Issuer, of a duly completed exercise notice, which shall be substantially in the form 
available on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com (an 
Exercise Notice) in accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition 19. If the relevant 
Warrant is in definitive form, such Warrant must be delivered, together with the Exercise Notice, 
to the Issuer and with a copy to the Principal Security Agent. 
(1) 
An Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series of the Warrants and the number of Warrants the subject of such 
Notice; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Definitive Warrants, specify the number of the Securityholder's 
account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited 
with the Warrants the subject of such Exercise Notice;

--- Page 180 ---
180 
(iii) 
except in the case of Definitive Warrants, irrevocably instruct Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit on or before the Settlement 
Date the Securityholder's account with the Warrants the subject of such Exercise 
Notice; 
(iv) 
include (A) an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, in the case of Warrants that are 
Physical Delivery Securities, the Premium in respect of the relevant Warrants (together 
with any other amounts payable); and (B) an authorisation to the Issuer to deduct any 
Expenses from the Cash Settlement Amount, if the Warrants are Cash Settled 
Securities, or, if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Securities, an irrevocable 
instruction to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (or to the 
Principal Security Agent, in the case of Definitive Warrants), to debit a specified 
account of the Securityholder at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other 
specified account of the Securityholder, in the case of Definitive Warrants) with the 
Premium and any Expenses (together with any other amounts payable); 
(v) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address of any 
person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any 
bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be 
delivered and specify the name and the number of the Securityholder's account with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or, in the case of a 
Definitive Warrant, at a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement 
Currency to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of any 
cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any cash adjustment amount paid in lieu 
of fractions of the Relevant Asset or any dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a 
result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or, if applicable, a Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the Settlement Disruption 
Amount or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price; 
(vi) 
in the case of Warrants having Exchange Rate as Underlying only, specify the number 
of the Securityholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, or, in the case of a Definitive Warrant, at a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to be credited with the amount due upon 
exercise of the Warrants; 
(vii) 
if the Warrants are Cash Settled Securities which are Definitive Warrants only, specify 
the details of an account in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement 
Currency to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount for each Warrant being 
exercised; 
(viii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant the subject of such Exercise 
Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant was not 
held on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been or 
will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
person in connection with such exercise and, where appropriate, undertake to provide 
such various forms of certification in respect of selling restrictions under the securities, 
commodities and other laws of the United States as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 181 ---
181 
(ix) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(2) 
If Condition 4(C) applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered may be different 
from that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice are available on the website of the Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com and may also be obtained from Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Security Agents. 
(E) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Except in the case of an Exercise Notice submitted in respect of a Definitive Warrant, upon 
receipt of an Exercise Notice, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall 
verify that the person exercising the Warrant is the holder thereof according to the books of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. Subject thereto, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will confirm to the Principal Security Agent the 
series and the number of Warrants being exercised, the relevant account details (if applicable) 
for payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or the details for the delivery of the Entitlement, as 
the case may be, in respect of each Warrant the subject of the relevant Exercise Notice. Upon 
receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Security Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will on or before the Settlement 
Date debit the account of the relevant Securityholder with the Warrants the subject of the 
relevant Exercise Notice. 
(F) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall 
be made by the relevant Clearing System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent, and 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and 
the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as the case may be) and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, 
in the case of Definitive Warrants, is not duly delivered to the Issuer together with the relevant 
Definitive Warrant(s) and copied to the Principal Security Agent), shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as appropriate), in consultation with the Principal Security Agent 
(or, in the case of Definitive Warrants, to the satisfaction of the Issuer in consultation with the 
Principal Security Agent), it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time 
such correction was delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent.  
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrants with 
respect to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the 
manner set out above by the cut-off time specified above, shall become void.  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (or, in the case of Definitive Warrants, 
the Issuer) shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Securityholder submitting an Exercise 
Notice if, in consultation with the Issuer and/or the Principal Security Agent (as applicable), it 
has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of 
negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Security Agents, Euroclear,

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Calculation Agent shall be liable to any person with respect 
to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the 
notification of such determination to a Securityholder. 
(G) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant 
Securityholder to exercise the Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, 
such exercising Securityholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
(H) 
Failure to deliver an Exercise Notice 
This paragraph only applies if (i) Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and Warrants are automatically exercised and (ii) provided the relevant Warrant is not a 
Definitive Warrant. 
(i) 
Cash Settlment 
In the event that a Securityholder does not, in respect of Warrants that are Cash Settled Securities 
to which this Condition applies, deliver an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions 
set out above on or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on 
the Expiration Date, the provisions of Condition 19(B) shall nevertheless apply as if such 
Warrant had been duly exercised on such date. 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery  
In the event that a Securityholder does not, in respect of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Securities to which this Condition applies, deliver an Exercise Notice in accordance with 
Condition 19 (D) above on or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may 
be, on the Expiration Date, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable determine the 
Assessed Value Payment Amount and in respect of the relevant Warrant, shall pay or cause to 
be paid the Assessed Value Payment Amount by credit or transfer to the relevant 
Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (such payment to be made 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be) as 
soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of the Assessed Value Payment 
Amount. Upon payment of the Assessed Value Payment Amount as aforesaid, the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of such Warrant shall be discharged. Payments will be subject in all cases 
to any fiscal or any other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment. 
 As used herein, Assessed Value Payment Amount means an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Relevant Assets comprised in the 
Entitlement in respect of the relevant Warrant, less any Expenses and any other amounts 
payable. 
(I) 
Settlement provisions for Definitive Warrants 
In the event that any Definitive Warrants have been issued prior to the Expiration Date, the 
Issuer shall, on or prior to the Expiration Date, notify Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices) of the procedure to be followed in order to receive any Cash Settlement 
Amount or Assessed Value Payment Amount that may be payable upon Automatic Exercise. 
(L) 
Exercise Risk

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on 
the relevant Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents and 
the Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or 
practices. None of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent 
shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in relation to the performance of their duties in relation to the Warrants. 
20. 
Minimum and Maximum Amount of Warrants Exercisable (only applicable to 
Warrants) 
(A) 
American Style Warrants 
 
This paragraph (A) applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(i) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Securityholder on any Actual Exercise Date, as 
determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than 
the Minimum Exercise Amount, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of 
this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise 
Date by any Securityholder or a group of Securityholders (whether or not acting in concert) 
exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the Maximum Exercise Number 
being the Quota), the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such 
Warrants, selected at the discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date 
for each additional Quota of such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of 
the succeeding Business Days until all such Warrants have been attributed with an Actual 
Exercise Date, provided, however, that the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants 
which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. In any case 
where more than the Quota of Warrants are exercised on the same day by Securityholder(s), the 
order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
(B) 
European Style Warrants 
This paragraph (B) applies only to European Style Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable on behalf of any Securityholder on any Exercise Date, as 
determined by the Issuer, must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than 
the Minimum Exercise Amount, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Any exercise which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this 
provision shall be void and of no effect. 
21. 
Exercise rights and procedure (only applicable to Certificates) 
(A) 
Exercise Date 
Each Certificate shall be automatically exercised on the Exercise Date and settled in accordance 
with Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Certificates)), unless an

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Early Redemption Event occurred, if applicable, or a Call Option is exercised by the Issuer (if 
applicable), or a Put Option is exercised by the investor (if applicable) or an Open End Feature 
is applicable (only in case of Benchmark Certificates and Turbo Certificates), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the 
MREL Requirements, the early exercise is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in this Condition 21). 
The Securityholder may renounce the automatic exercise of such Certificates, prior to the 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time (if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms) through 
its own financial intermediary, which shall deliver or send by authenticated swift message 
(confirmed in writing) a duly completed Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in 
the form available on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com (a 
Renouncement Notice), to the relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the Principal Security 
Agent and the Issuer, in compliance with the laws and regulation, including the regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange, applicable from time to time. If a duly completed Renouncement 
Notice is delivered or sent in compliance with the above, the relevant Securityholder will not be 
entitled to receive any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Certificates and 
the Issuer shall have no further liabilities in respect of such amounts. 
Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any determination as to whether a 
Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant 
Clearing System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant 
Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered shall be null and void. If such 
Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Principal Security Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new 
Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the relevant 
Clearing System and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent. 
(B) 
Exercise Date in case of Open End Feature or if a Call Option or Put Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
If, in case of Benchmark Certificates and Turbo Certificates, Open End Feature is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, no Exercise Date will be provided and the Certificates 
may only be redeemed upon exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer (on a Call Exercise Date), 
or the exercise of the Put Option by the investor (on a Put Exercise Date).  
Exercise following the Call Option or the Put Option may be applicable also if an Exercise Date 
is provided, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. Certificates will be considered exercised 
on the relevant Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date, as the case may be and in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms. In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under 
the MREL Requirements, the early exercise is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required). 
(i) 
Exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer 
For the purposes of the exercise of the Call Option during a specified Call Notice 
Period, the Issuer shall communicate the intention of exercise the Call Option to the 
relevant Stock Exchange and publish a notice to the Securityholders on its website by

--- Page 185 ---
185 
the Call Notice Period established in the relevant Final Terms. Such notice will be 
irrevocable and shall indicate the Call Exercise Date on which investors exercise the 
Certificates. 
(ii) 
Exercise of the Put Option by the investor (if applicable) 
Differently, for the purposes of the Put Option Exercise during a specified Put Notice 
Period, the investor shall send to the Issuer a Put Option Exercise Notice – drawn up, 
in order to be valid, in accordance with the form provided on the Issuer's website 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com – during the period from the first 
Business Day of the Put Notice Period until 17:00 CET on the last Business Day of the 
Put Notice Period, in relation to each Put Exercise Date, as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms. The time indicated on the copy printed by the receiving machine will be 
considered for the purposes of the Exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Exercise 
Notice is irrevocable and shall indicate the Put Exercise Date on which investors 
exercise the Certificates and the relevant ISIN code. The Put Option Exercise Notice 
shall be carried out in relation to a number of Certificates, in the same series, equal to 
the Minimum Exercise Amount or to an integer multiple of that number. Any Put 
Option Exercise Notice, which has not been sent pursuant to this paragraph and within 
the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or has not been received by the 
Issuer within the time specified above, will not be considered valid. Once the Put 
Option Exercise Notice is delivered, the Certificates in respect of which the Put Option 
has been exercised shall not be transferred to third parties. 
(C) 
Exercise of Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
(i) Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase  
Any call, redemption, repurchase, repayment or modification of eligible Certificates is 
subject, to the extent such Certificates qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to 
meet the MREL Requirements (so called eligible liabilities), to compliance with the then 
applicable MREL Requirements, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the 
prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, 
where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the relevant Certificates with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(b) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down 
in the Relevant Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in 
agreement with the competent authority, considers necessary; or 
(c) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant Certificates with Own Funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the 
Relevant Regulations for continuing authorisation,

--- Page 186 ---
186 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from 
time to time under the applicable laws and regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) 
such Certificates, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in 
sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for 
any purposes. 
(ii) Exercise due to a MREL Disqualification Event  
In relation to Certificates qualified as MREL eligible liabilities at the time of their issuance, 
ifthe Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, 
the Issuer in its discretion may, having given a notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 9 (Notices), which will specify the scheduled date for redemption and 
payment of the relevant amount, redeem such Series of Certificates, in whole but not in 
part, then outstanding at any time by paying to Securityholders an amount which shall be 
equal to the fair market value of the Certificates (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded 
Securities). 
(D) 
Cash Settlement 
Subject as provided in this Condition 21, the Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid the relevant 
amount(s) (if any) for each Certificate by credit or transfer to the Securityholder's account with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for value on the Settlement Date, 
less any Expenses not already paid, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be provided that in the case of 
Registered Securities, such payment shall be made in accordance with Condition 21(E) 
(Settlement provisions for Registered Certificates). 
In case of Securities which are not Registered Securities, the Issuer's obligations will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case 
may be) of the amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular amount of the Certificates must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each such 
payment. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in any jurisdiction (including Section 871(m)), and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations 
or official interpretations thereof, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code. 
(E) 
Settlement provisions for Registered Certificates

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Payments of the Cash Settlement Amount (less any Expenses not already paid) in respect of 
each Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Certificate appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar 
is located) before the relevant due date (in each case, the Record Date). Notwithstanding the 
previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the aggregate Issue 
Price of the Certificates held by a holder is less than U.S. $250,000 (or integral multiples of U.S. 
$1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), 
payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below). 
For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case 
of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which 
processes payments in euro. 
Holders of Registered Securities will be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay 
in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Certificate as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in 
the post. 
None of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Principal Security Agent will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
A record of each payment made on such Registered Global Certificate will be made on such 
Registered Global Certificate by the Registrar and such record shall be prima facie evidence that 
the payment in question has been made.  
The holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate shall be the only person entitled to 
receive payments in respect of Registered Certificates represented by such Registered Global 
Certificate and the payment obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Registered Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular amount of 
Certificates must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate. No person 
other than the holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate shall have any claim against 
the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Registered Global Certificate. 
(F) 
Settlement provisions for Definitive Certificates  
In the event that any Definitive Certificates have been issued prior to the Exercise Date, the 
Issuer shall, on or prior to the Exercise Date, notify Securityholders in accordance with

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Condition 9 (Notices) of the procedure to be followed in order to receive any Cash Settlement 
Amount that may be payable upon exercise of the Certificates. 
(G) 
Physical Settlement 
If the Certificates are Physical Delivery Securities (only applicable in case of Share Securities), 
each such Certificate entitles its holder, subject to the provisions of Condition 22 (if applicable), 
to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the Entitlement, subject to payment of any 
Expenses. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Certificates of the same Securityholder 
automatically exercised and in respect of which, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (as defined below) has been duly given as provided in 
Condition 22 below, will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate 
Entitlements in respect of such Certificates, provided that the aggregate Entitlements in respect 
of the same Securityholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset 
or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as 
the case may be, will not be delivered and a cash adjustment amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent will be paid in lieu of such fractions of the Relevant Asset. Any such cash 
adjustment amount will be paid to the account specified in the relevant Exercise Notice. 
Following exercise of Certificates that are Physical Delivery Securities, all dividends on the 
relevant Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend 
according to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the Exercise Date and to be 
delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. Any such dividends to be paid to a Securityholder will be paid to the account specified 
by the Securityholder in the relevant Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (if applicable) as 
referred to in Condition 22. 
(H) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Certificates is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force 
on the Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or 
practices. None of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents, the Registrar and the 
Calculation Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to the performance of their duties in relation to the 
Certificates. 
22. 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notices and Settlement (only applicable if 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) 
(A) 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice Requirement 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, in order 
to obtain delivery of the Entitlement the relevant Securityholder must deliver or send by 
authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer not later than 
10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the Exercise Date a duly completed

--- Page 189 ---
189 
physical delivery confirmation notice (a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice) in the form 
set out in the Annex to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and in accordance with the 
provisions set out in this Condition.  
If the relevant Security is in definitive form, such Security must be delivered, together with the 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, to the Issuer and with a copy to the Principal Security 
Agent. 
(1) 
The Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series of the Securities and the number of Securities the subject of 
such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Definitive Securities, specify the number of the 
Securityholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to be debited with the Securities the subject of such Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(iii) 
except in the case of Definitive Securities, irrevocably instruct Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date the Securityholder's account with the Securities the subject 
of such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(iv) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, except in the case of 
Definitive Securities, an authority to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in respect thereof; 
(v) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery 
of the Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and 
address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be 
registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing 
the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name and the number of 
the Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, or, in the case of a Definitive Security, at a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to be credited 
with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of any cash amount 
constituting the Entitlement or any cash adjustment amount paid in lieu of 
fractions of the Relevant Asset or any dividends relating to the Entitlement or 
as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the Settlement 
Disruption Amount or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as the case may be; 
(vi) 
in the case of Securities having Exchange Rate as Underlying only, specify 
the number of the Securityholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or, in the case of a Definitive Security, at a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to 
be credited with the amount due upon exercise of the Securities; 
(vii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Security the subject of 
such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined 
in the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice), the Security was not held on

--- Page 190 ---
190 
behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been or 
will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. person in connection with such exercise and, where appropriate, 
undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling 
restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United 
States as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(viii) 
authorise the production of the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice in any 
applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
(2) 
If Condition 4(C) applies, the form of Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice required 
to be delivered may be different from that set out above. Copies of such Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice may be obtained from Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the Security Agents. 
(B) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Except in the case of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted in respect of a 
Definitive Security, upon receipt of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person exercising the 
Securities is the holder thereof according to the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. Subject thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
will confirm to the Principal Security Agent the series and the number of Securities being 
exercised and the details for the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of each Security the 
subject of the relevant Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. Upon receipt of such 
confirmation, the Principal Security Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will on or before the Settlement Date debit the 
account of the relevant Securityholder with the Securities the subject of the relevant Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice. 
(C) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, if applicable, is duly 
completed and in proper form shall be made by the Principal Security Agent, and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant 
Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice so 
determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) and copied to the Issuer and the Principal 
Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Certificates, which is not duly delivered to the Issuer 
together with the relevant Definitive Certificate(s) and copied to the Principal Security Agent) 
shall be null and void. 
If such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal 
Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Certificates, to the satisfaction of the Issuer in 
consultation with the Principal Security Agent), it shall be deemed to be a new Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and copied to the Issuer and the Principal 
Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Certificates, to the Issuer and copied to the Principal 
Security Agent).

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, (or, in the case of Definitive 
Certificates, the Issuer) shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Securityholder submitting 
a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice if, in consultation with the Issuer and/or the Principal 
Security Agent (as applicable), it has determined that such Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct 
on its part, none of the Issuer, the Security Agents, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
Calculation Agent shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be 
taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Securityholder. 
(D) 
Delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
After the delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, the relevant Securityholder may 
not transfer Certificates the subject of such notice. 
(E) 
Failure to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
If the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms (and provided that the relevant Certificates are not Definitive Certificates, in which case 
the provisions of Condition 22(I) (Settlement provisions for Definitive Certificates) will apply), 
in the event that a Securityholder does not, in respect of the Physical Delivery, deliver or procure 
delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice as set out above, prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Brussels or Luxembourg time, on the Exercise Date, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable determine the Assessed Value Payment Amount and in respect of such Certificate 
shall pay or cause to be paid the Assessed Value Payment Amount by credit or transfer to the 
Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the determination of the Assessed Value Payment Amount. Upon payment 
of the Assessed Value Payment Amount as aforesaid, the Issuer's obligations in respect of such 
Certificate shall be discharged. Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other 
laws and regulations applicable thereto in any jurisdiction (including Section 871(m)), and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471 (b) 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into 
in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code.  
As used herein, "Assessed Value Payment Amount" means an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Relevant Assets comprised in the 
Entitlement in respect of the relevant Certificate, less any Expenses. 
23. 
Pay-out provisions 
If the Underlying Reference Currency is different from the Settlement Currency, Cash Settled Securities 
may be either "Quanto Securities" (i.e. Quanto Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms) or "Non Quanto Securities" (i.e. Quanto Option is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms). In case of Quanto Securities, the Underlying Reference Currency will be expressed in the 
Settlement Currency and, therefore, the effects of the Exchange Rate on the amount paid in relation to 
the Securities are neutralised. Otherwise, In case of Non Quanto Securities, the following amounts 
(Remuneration Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Corridor Early Amounts, Early Partial Capital 
Payment, Cash Settlement Amounts) and the relevant events will be determined by exchanging the 
Underlying Reference Currency into the Settlement Currency at the applicable Exchange Rate.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
REMUNERATION AMOUNTS 
The Certificates may provide for the payment of one or more of the amounts specified below, in the 
relevant payment date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each of these Remuneration Amounts, 
in relation to each relevant valuation period, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, may become 
due only after the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or may cease to be due after the occurrence of a Knock-
out Event occurs. In particular, the Certificates may provide for a: 
a) Knock-out Feature: if a Knock-out Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
the relevant Remuneration Amount potentially payable will cease to be due and payable to the 
Securityholders after the occurrence of a Knock-out Event. In particular, after the occurrence of 
a Knock-out Event, the investor will not benefit from the payment of any Remuneration Amount 
on either the payment date in relation to which the Knock-out Event has occurred and/or the 
payment date(s) following the Knock-out Valuation Period in which the Knock-out Event has 
occurred, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The investors will be notified in the event of a Knock-out Event by means of a notice published 
on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; or/and 
b) Knock-in Feature: if a Knock-in Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
the relevant Remuneration Amount becomes payable to the Securityholders after the occurrence 
of a Knock-in Event. In particular, after the occurrence of a Knock-in Event, the investor will 
benefit from the payment of the relevant Remuneration Amount on either the payment date in 
relation to which the Knock-in Event has occurred and/or the payment date(s) following the 
Knock-in Valuation Period in which the Knock-in Event has occurred, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The investors will be notified in the event of a Knock-in Event by means of a notice published 
on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
The Certificates, as specified below and as the case may be, may provide for one or more of the following 
Remuneration Amounts: 
A. 
DIGITAL AMOUNT(S) 
The Certificates may provide6 for the payment of one or more Digital Amounts, depending on 
the occurrence of the relevant Digital Event. 
If the Digital Event occurs, the investor will receive one or more Digital Amounts as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Digital Amount is an amount predetermined by the Issuer in relation to each Digital 
Valuation Period. For the avoidance of any doubt, in relation to the same Digital Valuation 
Period, the applicable Final Terms may provide for two or more Digital Amounts (also linked 
to different Underlyings) payable upon occurrence of the relevant Digital Event. 
If the "Multiple Level Option" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, several 
Digital Levels will be provided in relation to the same Digital Valuation Period. In this case, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify the Digital Amount 1 and the Digital Amount 2, and so on, 
which will be respectively linked to the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2 and so on. In this 
 
6 In relation to the Digital Certificates, the payment of one or more Digital Amounts, depending on the occurrence 
of the Digital Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will always be provided.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
case, the holders of the Securities will be entitled to receive the Digital Amount relating to the 
higher Digital Level reached by the Reference Value. 
If the "Cliquet Feature" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in this case the 
Calculation Agent will change the Digital Level in the relevant Digital Valuation Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, either automatically or upon occurrence of the 
condition(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, by indicating:  
(i) in relation to each Cliquet Valuation Period, the relevant Reference Value or Spread 
(in the case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates), for the determination of the applicable Digital Level; 
and/or 
(ii) different percentage(s) to be applied to the Initial Reference Value and/or Reference 
Value(s) or Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in 
the case of Multiperformance Certificates) for the determination of the applicable 
Digital Level. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each different Digital Level the Issuer 
will also specify the related applicable Digital Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for the application of the Coupon Event, the Digital 
Amount(s) payable during the life of the Certificates will be determined on the basis of the 
Coupon Premium 1 or the Coupon Premium 2, depending on whether the Coupon Event has 
occurred or not. 
The investors will be notified of the Digital Event through a notice published on the website of 
the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Specific features in relation to the Digital Amount 
In addition to the other features that may be specified as applicable in relation to all the 
Remuneration Amounts, in relation to the Digital Amount, the following features may 
specifically apply, jointly or separately, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Consolidation Effect 
The Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for an automatic 
activation option of the following Digital Amounts eventually payable during the life of the 
Certificates.  
In particular, if several Digital Valuation Periods have been provided and the Consolidation 
Effect occurs, the Digital Event will automatically occur without further determinations for all 
the Digital Valuation Periods following such Consolidation Valuation Period and, therefore, the 
investors will receive all the relevant Digital Amounts. 
If the Consolidation Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Memory Effect 
The Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for an automatic 
activation option of the Digital Amounts that have not previously been paid due to the non-
occurrence of the relevant Digital Events.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
In particular, if several Digital Valuation Periods have been provided and the Memory Effect 
occurs, the investor will receive the previously unpaid Digital Amount(s) in the event that the 
relevant Digital Event has not occurred, except where such Digital Amounts have been already 
paid due to the occurrence of a Digital Event in a previous Digital Valuation Period. 
If the Memory Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Path Dependency Effect 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Path Dependency Effect may be applicable. In 
this case, the Digital Amount may increase in relation to each Digital Valuation Period. Such 
increase will depend upon the occurrence of a Digital Event in the previous Digital Valuation 
Period.  
In particular, the increase will be calculated as the product of (i) the amount indicated as the Path 
Dependency Amount in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the number of the Digital Events that 
have occurred from the first Digital Valuation Period (included) until the Digital Valuation 
Period on which such Digital Amount is calculated. 
B. 
ACCUMULATED AMOUNT(S) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Certificates may provide for the Accumulated 
Amount(s). If such feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the investor 
will be entitled to receive, on the relevant Accumulated Payment Date, the relevant Accumulated 
Amount.  
The Accumulated Amount will be equal to the product between (i) the Accumulating Amount 
provided in relation to such Accumulating Valuation Period and (ii) the total number of 
Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period. 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable 
Trigger. In such case, an Early Redemption Event occurs if, on the Accumulated Valuation Date, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Accumulated Amount payable to the 
investors is lower than, equal to or higher than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Accumulating Autocallable Trigger. 
In addition, if an Early Redemption Level is applicable under the relevant Final Terms, and if 
so specified in such Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence 
of an Early Redemption Event. In such case, the Accumulated Amount will be paid on the 
Accumulated Payment Date coinciding with, or immediately after, the Early Payment Date in 
relation to which an Early Redemption Event has occurred. 
The investors will be notified of the number of Accumulating Events occurred during the 
relevant Accumulating Valuation Period through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
C. 
PLUS AMOUNT(S) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Certificates may provide the unconditional 
payment of one or more Plus Amount, allowing the investor, during the life of the Certificates 
or at the Settlement Date, to receive an additional amount which is not linked to the performance 
of the Underlying. The Plus Amount will be paid on the relevant Plus Payment Date specified

--- Page 195 ---
195 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
D. 
INTERNAL RETURN AMOUNT(S) 
The applicable Final Terms may specify the Internal Return Amount (IRA) as applicable. In this 
case, the Internal Return Amount, which can be IRA Compound or IRA Simple, as specified 
below, will be linked to the performance of the Underlying and calculated according to one of 
the following formulas: 
(i) 
IRA Compound: 
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 {0; [( √𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉
𝑛
) −1]}  
Where: 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date; and 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Annual Valuation Date. 
On the basis of such formula, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the 
performance of the Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation 
Date. Otherwise, 
if the relevant Final Terms provide an IRA Cap: 
IRA Compound: 
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑖𝑛 {𝐼𝑅𝐴 𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑡;  𝑀𝑎𝑥{0; [( √𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉
𝑛
) −1]}}  
Where: 
"IRA Capt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date; 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date; and 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Annual Valuation Date. 
In this case, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the performance of the 
Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation Date, but it will be 
subject to a maximum amount represented by the IRA Cap.  
(ii) 
IRA Simple: 
Issue Price x Max {0; [(RVt/IRV)-1]/n} 
Where: 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date; and

--- Page 196 ---
196 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Annual Valuation Date. 
On the basis of such formula, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the 
performance of the Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation 
Date. Otherwise, 
if the relevant Final Terms provide an IRA Cap: 
Issue Price x Min {IRA CAPt ; Max [0; [(RVt / IRV)-1]/n]} 
Where: 
"IRA Capt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date; 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Date; and 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Annual Valuation Date. 
In this case, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the performance of the 
Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation Date, but it will be 
subject to a maximum amount represented by the IRA Cap.  
E. 
PARTICIPATION REMUNERATION AMOUNT(S) 
The Certificates may provide for the payment of one or more Participation Remuneration 
Amounts. The Participation Remuneration Amount will consist of an amount determined on the 
basis of the performance of the Underlying in the relevant Participation Valuation Period.  
The payment of a Participation Remuneration Amount may be unconditional or may depend, if 
so provided in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a Participation Remuneration 
Event. If this is the case, the investors will receive the Participation Remuneration Amount, if 
positive, related to the corresponding Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period upon 
occurrence of a Participation Remuneration Event only. 
If the "Cliquet Feature" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of 
the occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event, in this case the Calculation Agent will 
change the Participation Remuneration Level in the relevant Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, either automatically or upon 
occurrence of the condition(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, by indicating:  
(i) in relation to each Cliquet Valuation Period, the relevant Reference Value or Spread 
(in the case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates), for the determination of the applicable Participation 
Remuneration Level; and/or 
(ii) different percentage(s) to be applied to the Initial Reference Value and/or Reference 
Value(s) or Spread (in the case of Spread Certificates) or Cumulated Performance (in 
the case of Multiperformance Certificates) for the determination of the applicable 
Participation Remuneration Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Participation Remuneration Amount is calculated according to one or more of the formulas 
described below, which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for each Participation 
Remuneration Amount.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
(i) 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount: 
- 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form A: 
Issue Price x Max {Floor Percentage; [(RVt – Strike Remuneration Percentage x 
RVj)/ RVj] x Participation Factort} 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP; Max [Floor Percentage; ((RVt – Strike Remuneration 
Percentage x RVj)/RVj) x Participation Factort]} 
or 
- 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form B: 
Issue Price x Max {Floor Percentage; [Base Premium Percentage x (1 + 
Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing x (RVt – RVj) / RVj)]} 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP; Max [Floor Percentage; Base Premium Percentage x (1 
+ Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing x (RVt – RVj) / RVj)]} 
Where, in relation to each formula:  
"RVt" means the Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "t" specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"RVj" means the Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "j" specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;  
"Participation Factort" means the Participation Factor corresponding to the relevant 
Participation Valuation Date "t" as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Remuneration Percentage" means the value specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Floor Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to 
time in the relevant Final Terms. The Floor Percentage will always be equal to or higher 
than 0 per cent; 
"Base Premium Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from 
time to time in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing" means the value specified from time 
to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Participation Remuneration Amount 
is Long Participation Remuneration Amount (and, in this case, whether it is Long 
Participation Remuneration Amount Form A or Long Participation Remuneration 
Amount Form B) or Short Participation Remuneration Amount.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, both the Long Participation Remuneration 
Amount and Short Participation Remuneration Amount may apply in relation to the same 
Participation Valuation Dates;  
or 
(ii) 
Short Participation Remuneration Amount: 
Issue Price x Max [Floor Percentage; ((Strike Remuneration Percentage x RVj - 
RVt)/RVj) x Participation Factort] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP; Max [Floor Percentage; ((Strike Remuneration Percentage x 
RVj - RVt)/RVj) x Participation Factort]} 
Where, in relation to each formula:  
"RVt" means Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "t" specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"RVj" means the Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "j" specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factort" means the Participation Factor corresponding to the relevant 
Participation Valuation Date "t" as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Remuneration Percentage" means the value specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Floor Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to 
time in the relevant Final Terms. The Floor Percentage will always be equal to or higher 
than 0 per cent. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Participation Remuneration Amount 
is Long Participation Remuneration Amount (and, in this case, whether it is Long 
Participation Remuneration Amount Form A or Long Participation Remuneration 
Amount Form B) or Short Participation Remuneration Amount.  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, both the Long Participation Remuneration 
Amount and Short Participation Remuneration Amount may apply in relation to the same 
Participation Valuation Dates;  
or 
 
(iii) 
Spread Participation Remuneration Amount: 
If the Participation Remuneration Amount is specified as Spread Participation 
Remuneration Amount, for the purposes of determining the Spread Participation 
Remuneration Amount, reference will be made to the Spread (as defined in Condition 3 
(Definitions)). The Spread Participation Remuneration Amount will be calculated 
according to one of the following formulas:

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Issue Price x [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread)] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a Margin: 
Issue Price x [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread +/- Margin)] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP;[(Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread)]} 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP and a Margin: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP;[Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread +/- Margin)]} 
Specific features in relation to the Participation Remuneration Amount 
Participation Rebate Feature 
If the Participation Rebate Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the 
Participation Remuneration Amount potentially payable depends on the occurrence of the 
Participation Rebate Event. If a Participation Rebate Event has not occurred during a specified 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period the Certificates will pay, on the relevant payment date, a 
Participation Remuneration Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Otherwise, if 
during such Participation Rebate Valuation Period, a Participation Rebate Event has occurred the 
Certificates will pay a Participation Rebate Amount, on the relevant payment date, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In particular, if the Participation Rebate Event has occurred, the investor 
will receive, instead of the Participation Remuneration Amount, the specified Participation Rebate 
Amount on the relevant payment date following the Participation Rebate Valuation Period in 
which the Participation Rebate Event has occurred. 
The investors will be notified of the occurrence of a Participation Rebate Event by means of a 
notice published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Net Profit Feature 
If the Net Profit Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Remuneration 
Sum will be deducted from the above amounts, provided that the resulting amount cannot be lower 
than zero. 
Tarn Feature 
If the Tarn Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, and the Remuneration 
Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount, such event will be considered as an Early Redemption Event and, 
therefore, the Certificates are deemed to be early redeemed and the Securityholders are entitled to 
receive the payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Payment 
Date. 
Consolidation Effect 
If the payment of the Participation Remuneration Amount depends upon the occurrence of a 
Participation Remuneration Event, the Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may 
provide for an automatic activation option of the following Participation Remuneration Amounts

--- Page 200 ---
200 
eventually payable during the life of the Certificates.  
In particular, if several Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods have been provided 
and the Consolidation Effect occurs, the Participation Remuneration Event will automatically 
occur without further determinations for all the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Periods following such Consolidation Valuation Period and, therefore, the investors will receive 
all the relevant Participation Remuneration Amounts, if positive. 
If the Consolidation Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
Memory Effect 
If the payment of the Participation Remuneration Amount depends upon the occurrence of a 
Participation Remuneration Event, the Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may 
provide for an automatic activation option of the Participation Remuneration Amounts that have 
not previously been paid due to the non-occurrence of the relevant Participation Remuneration 
Events. 
In particular, if several Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods have been provided 
and the Memory Effect occurs, the investor will receive the previously unpaid Participation 
Remuneration Amount(s) in the event that the relevant Participation Remuneration Event has not 
occurred, except where such Participation Remuneration Amounts have been already paid due to 
the occurrence of a Participation Remuneration Event in a previous Participation Remuneration 
Valuation Period. 
If the Memory Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published 
on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
F. 
PREMIUM GAP AMOUNT(S) 
Gap Certificates, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for the 
payment of a Premium Gap Amount that will depend on the Premium Determination Method 
specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and on whether a Barrier Gap Event has 
occurred. 
A Barrier Gap Event will occur if, during the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Gap Daily 
Performance of the relevant Underlying is lower or equal to or higher than the Barrier Gap Level. 
In relation to the Premium Gap Amounts, if the Barrier Gap Event has occurred: 
(i) 
the Premium Gap Amount will be determined on the basis of the actual number of days 
within the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period and not on the basis of all the 
days of the relevant Premium Determination Period; and 
(ii) 
after the payment of the Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the first Premium 
Payment Date following the Barrier Gap Event Date on which a Barrier Gap Event has 
occurred, no further Premium Gap Amount will be paid to the investors. 
Determination Methods 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the Premium Determination Method that applies 
in relation to each Premium Determination Period. In any case, the Premium Gap Amount will not

--- Page 201 ---
201 
result in an amount lower than zero.  
The Premium Gap Amount will be determined, depending on the applicable Determination 
Method, according to one of the following formulas: 
(i) 
Floating Premium: 
Issue Price x (Premium Percentage x Reference Rate +/- Premium Margin) x Day 
Count Fraction 
(ii) 
Fixed Premium: 
Issue Price x Premium Percentage x Day Count Fraction 
(iii) 
Difference in Rates: 
Issue Price x [Premium Percentage x (Reference Rate 1 - Reference Rate 2) +/- 
Premium Margin] x Day Count Fraction 
The Day Count Fraction will depend on the number of days in the relevant Premium Gap 
Observation Period that will be composed by: 
a) 
If a Barrier Gap Event has not occurred, the same number of days comprised in 
the relevant Premium Determination Period; 
b) 
If a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, the number of days from the initial day of 
the relevant Premium Determination Period to the day on which the Barrier Gap 
Event has occurred, i.e. the Barrier Gap Event Date. 
Difference in Rates 
Where Difference in Rates is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Premium Gap Amount is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Premium Determination Period will, subject as provided below, be the Difference in 
Rates multiplied by the relevant Premium Percentage, if any, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and provided that the rate of interest may not be less than zero. 
Difference in Rates means an amount equal to Rate 2 minus Rate 1, provided that if such 
amount is less than zero, it shall be deemed to be zero.  
Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final 
Terms, and each shall be determined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination of the rate of interest and calculation of Premium Gap Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Premium, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the rate of interest is to be determined, determine the rate of interest for the 
relevant Premium Determination Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest in relation to the Floating Premium 
for the relevant Premium Determination Period by applying the Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to:

--- Page 202 ---
202 
(A)  
in the case Securities with Floating Premium which are represented by a Global Security, 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by such Global 
Security; or 
(B) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Notifications of rate of interest and Premium Gap Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the rate of interest and each Premium Gap Amount for each 
Premium Determination Period and the relevant Premium Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Securities are for the time being listed and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Premium 
Gap Amount and Premium Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Premium Determination Period. Any such amendment 
will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Securities are for the time 
being listed and to the holders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
Certifications to be final 
All certifications, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
23 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Securityholder and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Securityholder shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
G. 
FLOATING AMOUNT(S) 
Interest Rate Warrants provide for the payment of one or more Floating Amounts that will depend 
on the difference between the Reference Rate and the Interest Cap, and on the Notional Amount 
specified for each Floating Amount Determination Period, all as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and according to the following formula: 
[Max (0; Reference Rate – Interest Cap) x Notional Amountt ] x Day Count Fraction 
Where: 
"Notional Amountt" means the Notional Amount relating to each Floating Amount 
Determination Period (t=1,2,3,…n). The Notional Amount may also be equal in relation to each 
Floating Amount Determination Period, and in such case it will be referred to as Notional 
Amount.  
The Floating Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Floating 
Amount Determination Date and will be paid, if positive, on the relevant Floating Amount 
Payment Date, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
H. 
CUMULATED BONUS AMOUNT  
In relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, Securityholders may be entitled to receive, on each 
Bonus Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Cumulated Bonus 
Amount. Each Cumulated Bonus Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Cumulated Bonus Amount = Issue Price x (Bonust  - Bonust - 1)  
Where: 
"t" means each Bonus Observation Date; 
"Bonust" means, in relation to each Bonus Observation Date, the value calculated as follows, 
considering that at t =1, the Bonust-1 is equal to zero: 
𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝑥  ∑𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟𝑖 𝑥 𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑𝑖
360
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where:  
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" means the number of Multiple Participation Factor; 
"Multiple Participation Factori" means each percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to each Multiple Strike Eventi; 
"Bonus Periodi" means, in relation to each Bonus Observation Date and Multiple 
Participation Factori, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the Determination 
Date to (and including) the earlier of the relevant Bonus Observation Date and the 
Exchange Business Day (if any) on which a Multiple Strike Eventi occurs. 
**** 
EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNT(S) 
The Securities, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, may provide the possibility of an 
automatic early redemption if an Early Redemption Event has occurred. In particular, if an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred the Securities will be automatically redeemed and the Securityholder:  
(i) 
in case of Certificates other than Turbo Certificates, will receive the payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of Turbo Certificates, will not receive any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will 
be always equal to 0 (zero); 
(iii) 
in case of Warrants (only applicable to Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading without 
prior offer), will not receive any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will be always equal 
to 0 (zero).  
In relation to Certificates (other than Turbo Certificates), the Early Redemption Amount may be a 
predetermined amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or may be an amount determined on the

--- Page 204 ---
204 
basis of the performance of the Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms on the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Period or in the valuation date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms and paid, 
if positive, on the Early Payment Date, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Early Redemption Amount is calculated according to one or more of the formulas described below, 
which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for each Early Redemption Valuation Period.  
(i) 
Long Early Redemption Amount:  
{[Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Reference Value – Initial Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Long Cap Early Redemption Amount: 
{Min [Early Cap Level; (Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Reference 
Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Early Cap Level" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms, expressed as either 
(i) the product between the Early Cap Percentage and the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) a value 
predetermined by the Issuer, specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Cap Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Short Early Redemption Amount: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Initial Reference Value - Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Short Cap Early Redemption Amount: 
{Min [Early Cap Amount; (Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Initial 
Reference Value - Reference Value)) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 205 ---
205 
"Early Cap Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In addition, the applicable Final Terms may provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger. 
In such case, an Early Redemption Event occurs if, on the Accumulated Valuation Date, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the relevant Accumulated Amount payable to the investors is lower than, equal to 
or higher than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Accumulating Autocallable 
Trigger.  
In addition, the applicable Final Terms may provide for the Tarn Amount. In such case, an Early 
Redemption Event occurs if, on a Participation Valuation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Remuneration Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount.  
Furthermore, if the applicable Final Terms provide for the application of the Coupon Event, the Early 
Redemption Amount(s) payable at the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event will be determined on 
the basis of the Coupon Premium 1 or the Coupon Premium 2, depending on the occurrence of the Coupon 
Event. 
If the Best Of Feature or the Worst Of Feature applies in relation to one or more Early redemption 
Valuation Period, the Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Early 
Redemption Event in relation to one or more Underlying and the applicable Final Terms may specify the 
relevant Early Redemption Level for each Underlying. 
In relation to Certificates providing an Early Partial Capital Payment, the Early Redemption Amount to 
be paid at Early Payment Date, if Early Redemption Event has occurred, will be adjusted relative to the 
Outstanding Amount after the Early Partial Capital Payment Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
*** 
CORRIDOR EARLY AMOUNT 
In relation to Corridor Warrants only, if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Corridor Warrants will be 
automatically early redeemed and the Securityholder will either (i) not receive any amount (i.e. the 
investor will be exposed to the total loss of the capital invested) or (ii) receive the payment of the Corridor 
Early Amount on the relevant Corridor Early Payment Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The investors will be notified in the event of the early redemption of the Corridor Warrants (and, if this 
is the case, the payment of the Corridor Early Amount) by means of a notice published on the website of 
the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com. 
*** 
EARLY PARTIAL CAPITAL PAYMENT  
The Certificates, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, may provide an automatic early 
repayment of part of the invested capital, regardless of the performance of the Underlying. In particular, 
the Securityholder will receive the Early Partial Capital Payment Amount on the Early Partial Capital 
Payment Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In this case, after the Early Partial Capital Payment Date, the Cash Settlement Amount to be determined 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms will be adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
If applicable, also the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms will be adjusted 
relative to the Outstanding Amount. 
**** 
SETTLEMENT AMOUNT 
The Securityholder will receive on the Settlement Date for each Minimum Exercise Amount the payment 
of the Cash Settlement Amount, if it results in an amount higher than zero. 
In relation to Certificates providing an Early Partial Capital Payment, the Cash Settlement Amount to be 
paid (if positive) at Settlement Date will be adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount after the Early 
Partial Capital Payment Date. Accordingly, the Multiplier will be calculated on the basis of a percentage 
of the Issue Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in order to reflect the Outstanding Amount.  
In any case, the Cash Settlement Amount will not result in an amount lower than zero.  
In relation to the Settlement Amount, the following scenarios may occur in relation to the structure and 
the pay-out provided by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms according to the following formulas 
(provided that, if more than one formula is applicable in relation to the same typology of Certificates, the 
relevant Final Terms will indicate the applicable one for the relevant issue): 
CALCULATION METHOD IN THE CASE OF POSITIVE AND NEGATIVE PERFORMANCE 
OF THE UNDERLYING – (BARRIER EVENT/BARRIER GAP EVENT NOT OCCURRED, IF 
APPLICABLE) 
A. 
STANDARD CERTIFICATES (LONG/SHORT) 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
Or 
(Issue Price x Initial Percentage) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Issue Price and (ii) the Initial 
Percentage. 
B. 
MAX CERTIFICATES 
MAX LONG CERTIFICATES and MAX CONSOLIDATION LONG CERTIFICATES if the 
Consolidation Floor Event has not occurred 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + Participation 
Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of 
(i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the

--- Page 207 ---
207 
Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{Min [Cap Level; Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + 
Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))]] x Multiplier} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of 
(i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the 
Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. However, such 
Cash Settlement Amount will not exceed the Cap Level multiplied by the Multiplier. 
If the Restrike Feature is applicable, the relevant Final Terms will also indicate whether the Cap 
Style 1 or the Cap Style 2 will be applicable. In particular, in case of Cap Style 1, if a Restrike 
Event has occurred, the Cap Level will be determined in accordance with the Restrike 
Percentage. In case of Cap Style 2 the Cap Level will not be taken into consideration for the 
purposes of the Cash Settlement Amount. 
MAX CONSOLIDATION LONG CERTIFICATES if the Consolidation Floor Event has 
occurred 
[Max (Consolidation Floor Level; Final Reference Value) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Consolidation Floor Level and (2) the Final Reference Value.  
Or  
{Max [Consolidation Floor Level; (Initial Reference Value + Consolidation Participation 
Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Consolidation Floor Level and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and 
(ii) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such 
difference multiplied by the Consolidation Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Consolidation Amount: 
Min {Cap Consolidation Amount; [Max (Consolidation Floor Level; Final Reference Value) x 
Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Consolidation Amount and 
(B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the higher between (i) the Consolidation Floor Level 
and (ii) the Final Reference Value. 
Or

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Min {Cap Consolidation Amount; Max [Consolidation Floor Level; (Initial Reference Value + 
Consolidation Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x 
Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Consolidation Amount and 
(B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the higher between (i) the Consolidation Floor Level 
and (ii) the sum of the Initial Reference Value and the difference between the Final Reference 
Value and the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Consolidation 
Participation Factor. 
MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + Participation 
Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of 
(i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the difference between the Initial Reference Value and 
the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; Min (Cap Level; (Initial Reference Value + 
Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value)))] x Multiplier} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the lower 
between the Cap Level and the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the difference 
between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied 
by the Participation Factor. 
If the Restrike Feature is applicable, the relevant Final Terms will also indicate whether the Cap 
Style 1 or the Cap Style 2 will be applicable. In particular, in case of Cap Style 1, if a Restrike 
Event has occurred, the Cap Level will be determined in accordance with the Restrike 
Percentage. In case of Cap Style 2 the Cap Level will not be taken into consideration for the 
purposes of the Cash Settlement Amount. 
C. 
SPREAD CERTIFICATES 
TYPE A SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial 
Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the average between (1) the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of 
the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier B.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
TYPE B SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
{[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial 
Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x [1 + Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread +/- Margin)]} 
x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the average between (1) the product of 
(i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the 
Multiplier of the Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (B) the 
Spread (plus or minus the Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by the 
Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a CAP: 
{[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial 
Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x [1 + Participation Factor x Min (CAP; Max (0; Spread 
+/- Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the average between (1) the product of 
(i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the 
Multiplier of the Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (2) the 
Participation Factor multiplied by the lower between (i) the CAP and (ii) the Spread (plus or 
minus the Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
TYPE C SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
a. 
If the Spread (+/- Margin) is higher than or equal to 0:  
Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Participation Factor x (Spread +/- Margin))] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (1) the Issue Price and 
(2) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the 
Spread (plus or minus the Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Participation Factor x (Spread +/- 
Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (1) the Issue Price and 
(2) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the 
Spread (plus or minus the Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
However, such Cash Settlement Amount will not exceed the Cap Amount. 
b. 
If the Spread (+/- Margin) is lower than 0:  
Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Down Participation Factor x (Spread +/- Margin))] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 210 ---
210 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (1) the Issue Price and 
(2) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 plus the Down Participation Factor multiplied by 
the Spread (plus or minus the Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Protection Amount: 
Max {Protection Amount; Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Down Participation Factor x 
(Spread +/- Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Protection 
Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Issue Price and (2) the higher between (i) 0 and 
(ii) 1 plus the Down Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (plus or minus the 
Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
TYPE D SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
Max [0; (Spread +/- Margin) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the product of (i) the 
Spread (plus or minus the Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and (ii) the 
Multiplier. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [0; (Spread +/- Margin) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the higher 
between (1) 0 and (2) the product of (i) the Spread (plus or minus the Margin, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and (ii) the Multiplier. 
D. 
TWIN WIN CERTIFICATES 
TWIN WIN LONG CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the Strike Percentage:  
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor x (Final Reference 
Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (2) 
the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the Strike Percentage, such difference multiplied by the Participation 
Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
Min {Cap Level; [Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor 
x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)]} x Multiplier 
x Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 211 ---
211 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the lower between (1) the Cap Level and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference 
Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (ii) the difference between the Final 
Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, 
such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value multiplied 
by the Strike Percentage (and the Barrier Event, if applicable, has not occurred):  
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x (Initial 
Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (2) 
the difference between the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage 
and the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Down Participation 
Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Down Amount: 
Min {[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x 
(Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier; 
Cap Down Amount} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Down 
Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial 
Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (ii) the difference between the 
Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and the Final Reference 
Value, such difference multiplied by the Down Participation Factor. 
TWIN WIN SHORT CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the Strike Percentage: 
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor x (Final Reference 
Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (2) 
the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the Strike Percentage, such difference multiplied by the Participation 
Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
Min {Cap Level; [Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor

--- Page 212 ---
212 
x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)]} x Multiplier 
x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the lower between (1) the Cap Level and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference 
Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (ii) the difference between the Final 
Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, 
such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value multiplied 
by the Strike Percentage:  
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x (Initial 
Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (2) 
the difference between the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage 
and the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Down Participation 
Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Down Amount: 
Min {[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x 
(Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier; 
Cap Down Amount} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Down 
Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial 
Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (ii) the difference between the 
Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and the Final Reference 
Value, such difference multiplied by the Down Participation Factor. 
E. 
BENCHMARK CERTIFICATES 
LONG BENCHMARK CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE AND VARIABLE MANAGEMENT 
FEE: 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Final Reference 
Value and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, the investor will be exposed to the performance 
of the Underlying. 
(ii) 
WITH ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Annual Management Fee x Minimum Exercise

--- Page 213 ---
213 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Final Reference 
Value, (ii) the Multiplier and (iii) the Annual Management Fee. Therefore, the investor 
will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying.  
(iii) 
WITH VARIABLE MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Variable Management Fee x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Final Reference 
Value, (ii) the Multiplier and (iii) the Variable Management Fee. Therefore, the investor 
will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying.  
SHORT BENCHMARK CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE AND VARIABLE MANAGEMENT 
FEE: 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value 
and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, the exposure of the investor will be inversely 
proportioned to the performance of the Underlying. 
(ii) WITH ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier x Annual Management 
Fee] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value, 
(ii) the Multiplier and (iii) the Annual Management Fee. Therefore, the exposure of the 
investor will be inversely proportioned to the performance of the Underlying. 
(iii) WITH VARIABLE MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier x Variable Management 
Fee] x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value, 
(ii) the Multiplier and (iii) the Variable Management Fee. Therefore, the exposure of 
the investor will be inversely proportioned to the performance of the Underlying. 
F. 
TURBO CERTIFICATES

--- Page 214 ---
214 
LONG TURBO CERTIFICATES 
Max [0; (Final Reference Value – Strike Price )] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Strike Price 
and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, the investor will be exposed to the performance of 
the Underlying.  
SHORT TURBO CERTIFICATES 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value 
and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, the exposure of the investor will be inversely 
proportioned to the performance of the Underlying. 
G. 
OUTPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
LONG OUTPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Up Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the difference between the Final 
Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Up 
Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{{Min [(Initial Reference Value + Up Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – 
Initial Reference Value)); Cap Level]} x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the lower between (1) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the 
difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such 
difference multiplied by the Up Participation Factor and (2) the Cap Level. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – 
Initial Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and

--- Page 215 ---
215 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the difference between the Final 
Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the 
Down Participation Factor. 
SHORT OUTPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – 
Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the difference between the Initial 
Reference Value and the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the 
Down Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{{Min [(Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference 
Value – Final Reference Value)); Cap Level]} x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the lower between (1) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the 
difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value, such 
difference multiplied by the Down Participation Factor and (2) the Cap Level. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
{Max [0; [Initial Reference Value + Up Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value 
– Final Reference Value)]] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 0 and (B) the 
product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) 
the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value, such 
difference multiplied by the Up Participation Factor. 
H. 
BUFFER PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
In relation to such type, the formula for the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount will 
depend on whether a Buffer Event has occurred. In particular: 
a. 
If the Buffer Event has not occurred: 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Buffer Event has occurred:

--- Page 216 ---
216 
Max {Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1+ (Performance Sum – 
Buffer Percentage)]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Protection 
Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum 
of (1) 1 and (2) the difference between (i) the Performance Sum and (ii) the Buffer 
Percentage. 
I. 
GLOBAL PERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x (1+ Global Performance)] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Protection Percentage 
multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the 
Global Performance. 
Or 
Max Protection Percentage x Issue Price; [Issue Price x (Initial Percentage + Global 
Performance)] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Protection Percentage 
multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) the Initial 
Percentage and (ii) the Global Performance. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x (1+ Global 
Performance)]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Protection Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (2) the product of (i) the 
Issue Price and (ii) 1 plus the Global Performance. 
J. 
LUCKY PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
LONG LUCKY PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the difference between the Final 
Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the 
Participation Factor.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
Or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
Max {Dropdown Protection Level x Multiplier; Min [Initial Reference Value; Initial 
Reference Value + Final Leverage x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value)] 
x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Dropdown 
Protection Level multiplied by the Multiplier and (B) the product of the Multiplier and 
the lower between (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial 
Reference Value and (ii) the Final Leverage multiplied by the difference between the 
Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value. 
SHORT LUCKY PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the product of (i) the Participation 
Factor and (ii) the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final 
Reference Value. 
Or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
Max {Dropdown Protection Amount; Min [Initial Reference Value; Initial Reference 
Value + Final Leverage x (Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value)] x 
Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Dropdown 
Protection Amount and (B) the product of the Multiplier and the lower between (1) the 
Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the 
Final Leverage multiplied by the difference between the Initial Reference Value and 
the Final Reference Value.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
K. 
DYNAMIC PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
LONG DYNAMIC PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the Participation Factor 
multiplied by the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial 
Reference Value. 
Or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value but equal 
to or higher than the Dynamic Protection Level: 
{Initial Reference Value + [(Initial Gearing – Final Gearing) x (Final Reference Value 
– Initial Reference Value)]} x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the product of (i) the difference 
between the Initial Gearing and the Final Gearing and (ii) the difference between the 
Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value. 
c. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Dynamic Protection Level: 
[Protection Amount + (Step Up Amount x number of Gearing Events)] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the sum of (A) the Protection Amount 
and (B) the Step Up Amount multiplied by the number of Gearing Events. 
SHORT DYNAMIC PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the Participation Factor 
multiplied by the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final

--- Page 219 ---
219 
Reference Value. 
Or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Initial Reference Value but equal 
to or lower than the Protection Level: 
{Initial Reference Value + [(Initial Gearing – Final Gearing) x (Initial Reference Value 
– Final Reference Value)]} x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and 
(B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the product of (i) the difference 
between the Initial Gearing and the Final Gearing and (ii) the difference between the 
Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value. 
c. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Dynamic Protection Level: 
[Protection Amount + (Step Up Amount x number of Gearing Events)] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the sum of (A) the Protection Amount 
and (B) the Step Up Amount multiplied by the number of Gearing Events. 
L. 
CURRENCY CERTIFICATES 
∑[𝑤𝑖 𝑥 (𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
)] 𝑥 𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒] 
Where: 
"N" means the number of Underlyings specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the i-th exchange rate Underlying; and 
"wi" is the Exchange Rate Weight in respect of the i-th exchange rate Underlying. 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to a percentage of the Issue Price, which depends on the 
weighted sum of the performances of the Underlyings. The Issuer will indicate in the applicable 
Final Terms: (i) the relevant exchange rate Underlying and (ii) the Exchange Rates Weights.  
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Protection Percentage: 
∑[𝑤𝑖 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [ 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑖; (𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
)]] 𝑥 𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒

--- Page 220 ---
220 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount that is at least equal to the Protection Percentage, multiplied by the 
Issue Price. 
M. 
MULTIPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
MULTIPERFORMANCE LONG/SHORT CERTIFICATES 
Initial Percentage x Issue Price x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price. 
MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX LONG CERTIFICATES 
Max {Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1+ (Up Participation Factor x Cumulated 
Performance)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Initial Percentage multiplied by 
the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the Up Participation 
Factor multiplied by the Cumulated Performance. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1+ (Up Participation 
Factor x Cumulated Performance)]]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (2) the Issue Price multiplied 
by the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the Up Participation Factor multiplied by the Cumulated Performance. 
MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES 
Max {Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1 - (Up Participation Factor x Cumulated 
Performance)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Initial Percentage multiplied by 
the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied by the difference between (i) 1 and (ii) the Up 
Participation Factor multiplied by the Cumulated Performance. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1 - (Up Participation 
Factor x Cumulated Performance)]]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (2) the Issue Price multiplied 
by the difference between (i) 1 and (ii) the Up Participation Factor multiplied by the Cumulated 
Performance.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
N. 
DUAL CURRENCY FX CERTIFICATES (LONG/SHORT) 
Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. In relation to such Typology, the Underlying will be 
an Exchange Rate. 
O. 
GAP CERTIFICATES (LONG/SHORT) 
Initial Percentage x Issue Price x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount in the Issue Currency equal to the Initial Percentage multiplied by 
the Issue Price. 
P. 
CALENDAR CERTIFICATES 
Max {Protection Amount; [Issue Price x ((Final Reference Value / Initial Reference Value)+ 
Calendar Performance)]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Protection Amount and (B) the 
Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) the ratio between the Final Reference Value and the 
Initial Reference Value and (ii) the Calendar Performance.  
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max {Protection Amount; [Issue Price x ((Final Reference Value / Initial 
Reference Value)+ Calendar Performance)]}} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Protection Amount and (2) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) the ratio 
between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the Calendar 
Performance.  
Q. 
ONE STAR CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the One Star Event has not occurred 
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in accordance with one of 
the payout formulas set out in this Condition 24, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
b. 
If the One Star Event has occurred 
(One Star Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the 
product of (i) the One Star Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the 
Multiplier.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
R. 
SWITCH CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Switch Event has not occurred 
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in accordance with one of 
the payout formulas set out in this Condition 24, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
b. 
If the Switch Event has occurred 
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in accordance with (i) one 
of the payout formulas set out in this Condition 24 for another Typology or (ii) one of 
the formulas set out in this Condition 24 for the same Typology, but with a different 
Settlement Characteristic, in either case different from the one applicable if the Switch 
Event has not occurred (specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
S. 
CALL CERTIFICATES7  
Issue Price x Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value) / 
Initial Reference Value] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Issue Price multiplied by the maximum between (1) 
0% and (2) the difference between (i) the Final Reference Value and (ii) the Initial Reference 
Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, such difference divided by Initial Reference Value. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Issue Price x Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial 
Reference Value) / Initial Reference Value]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the Issue 
Price multiplied by the maximum between (1) 0% and (2) the difference between (i) the Final 
Reference Value and (ii) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, such 
difference divided by Initial Reference Value. 
T. 
DIGITAL CERTIFICATES8 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Settlement Level (i.e. 
a Settlement Event has occurred):  
Issue Price x Digital Percentage x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Digital Percentage multiplied by 
the Issue Price. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Settlement Level (i.e. a Settlement 
Event has occurred):  
 
7 The Barrier Level will never be applicable in relation to Call Certificates. 
8 The Barrier Level will never be applicable in relation to Digital Certificates.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
0 
In such case, the investor will not receive any amount on the Settlement Date and, 
therefore, will be exposed to the total loss of the capital invested. 
U. 
COMBINED AMOUNT CERTIFICATES 
Combined Amount x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Combined Amount. 
V. 
LONG OUTPERFORMANCE COMBINED CERTIFICATES 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Final Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier. 
Therefore, the investor will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying. 
W. 
REVERSE BUTTERFLY CERTIFICATES 
{Max [(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value); (Initial Reference Value + Participation 
Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the Initial 
Reference Value plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the difference between the Final 
Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{Min [Cap Level; Max [(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value); (Initial Reference Value 
+ Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))]] x Multiplier} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the lower between 
(1) the Cap Level and (2) the higher between (i) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial 
Reference Value and (ii) the Initial Reference Value plus the Participation Factor multiplied by 
the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value. 
X. 
MULTIPLE STRIKE CERTIFICATES 
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟 𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒+ ∑𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the sum of (A) the product of (1) the Issue Price, (2) the 
Participation Factor and (3) the ratio between the Final Reference Value and the Initial 
Reference Value and (B) all the Multiple Amounti for the dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
Where: 
"n" means the number of Multiple Participation Factor; 
"Multiple Amounti" means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, the amount calculated as 
follows:  
(i) if a Multiple Strike Eventi has occurred, in accordance with the following formula:  
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒  𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟𝑖 𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
 
Where: 
"Reference Valuei" means the Value of the Underlying that has caused the occurrence of 
the Multiple Strike Eventi; 
(ii) if a Multiple Strike Eventi has not occurred, in accordance with the following formula:  
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟𝑖 
Where: 
"Multiple Participation Factori" means each percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to each Multiple Strike Eventi. 
Y. 
WARRANTS 
CALL WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial Reference 
Value) / Initial Reference Value] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal 
to the Notional Amount multiplied by the higher between (1) 0% and (2) the ratio between (i) 
the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value multiplied by 
the Strike Percentage and (ii) the Initial Reference Value. 
CALL COVERED WARRANTS 
Max [0; (Final Reference Value – Exercise Price)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher between 
(i) 0 and (ii) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Exercise Price.  
CALL SPREAD WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Min {CAP; Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial 
Reference Value) / Initial Reference Value]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal 
to Notional Amount multiplied by the lower between (A) the CAP and (B) the higher between 
(1) 0% and (2) ratio between (i) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial 
Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and (ii) the Initial Reference Value.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
PUT WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Max [0%; (Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value - Final Reference 
Value) / Initial Reference Value] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal 
to the Notional Amount multiplied by the higher between (1) 0% and (2) the ratio between (i) 
the difference between the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and the 
Final Reference Value and (ii) the Initial Reference Value. 
PUT COVERED WARRANTS 
Max [0; (Exercise Price – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount per 
Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher between 
(i) 0 and (ii) the Exercise Price less the Final Reference Value.  
PUT SPREAD WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Min {CAP; Max [0%; (Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value - Final 
Reference Value) / Initial Reference Value]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount equal 
to the Notional Amount multiplied by the higher between (A) the CAP and (B) the higher 
between (1) 0% and (2) the ratio between (i) the difference between the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the Strike Percentage and the Final Reference Value and (ii) the Initial Reference 
Value. 
INTEREST RATE WARRANTS 
[Max (0; Reference Rate - Interest Cap) x Final Notional Amount] x Day Count Fraction 
In such case, the investor will receive a Cash Settlement Amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Settlement Determination Date relating to the Settlement Determination Period 
and will be equal to the product between: (i) the difference of the Reference Rate less the Interest 
Cap, (ii) the Final Notional Amount and (iii) the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
CORRIDOR WARRANTS 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount predetermined by the Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
*** 
CALCULATION METHOD IF A BARRIER EVENT OR A BARRIER GAP EVENT (in 
the case of Gap Certificates) IS INDICATED AS APPLICABLE IN THE RELEVANT 
FINAL TERMS AND IS OCCURRED: 
(1) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF STANDARD LONG CERTIFICATES, MAX 
LONG CERTIFICATES AND TWIN WIN LONG CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT PROTECTION LEVEL, PROTECTION PERCENTAGE, AIR BAG 
FACTOR, SIGMA AMOUNT, PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
(Final Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 226 ---
226 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of the Final Reference 
Value and the Multiplier. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference Value x Multiplier)] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (i) the Cap 
Barrier Amount and (ii) the product of the Final Reference Value and the Multiplier. 
(ii) WITH THE PROTECTION LEVEL:  
a) 
[Max (Final Reference Value; Protection Level) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the higher between (i) the Final Reference Value and (ii) the Protection 
Level. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; Max (Final Reference Value; Protection Level) x 
Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (1) the Cap 
Barrier Amount and (2) the product of (i) the Multiplier and (ii) the higher between 
the Final Reference Value and the Protection Level. 
Or 
b) 
(Protection Level x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of the Protection Level 
and the Multiplier. 
(iii) WITH THE AIR BAG FACTOR:  
[(Final Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Final 
Reference Value, (ii)  the Air Bag Factor and (iii) the Multiplier. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) x Multiplier] 
x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (1) the Cap

--- Page 227 ---
227 
Barrier Amount and (2) the product of (i) the Final Reference Value, (ii) the Air Bag 
Factor and (iii) the Multiplier. 
(iv) WITH THE AIR BAG FACTOR AND WITH THE PROTECTION 
PERCENTAGE: 
Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) 
x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the 
Protection Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the product of (i) the 
Final Reference Value, (ii) the Air Bag Factor and (iii) the Multiplier. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final 
Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (1) the Cap 
Barrier Amount and (2) the higher between (A) the Protection Percentage multiplied 
by the Issue Price and (B) the product of (i) the Final Reference Value, (ii) the Air 
Bag Factor and (iii) the Multiplier. 
(v) 
WITH THE SIGMA AMOUNT: 
[(Final Reference Value x Multiplier) + Sigma Amount] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the sum of (A) the Final Reference 
Value multiplied by the Multiplier and (B) the Sigma Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference Value x Multiplier)+ Sigma Amount] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap 
Barrier Amount and (B) the sum of (1) the Final Reference Value multiplied by the 
Multiplier and (2) the Sigma Amount. 
(vi) WITH THE SIGMA AMOUNT AND WITH THE PROTECTION 
PERCENTAGE: 
Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final Reference Value x Multiplier) + 
Sigma Amount] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the 
Protection Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the sum of (1) the Final 
Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier and (2) the Sigma Amount.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final 
Reference Value x Multiplier) + Sigma Amount]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap 
Barrier Amount and (B) the higher between (1) the Protection Percentage multiplied 
by the Issue Price and (2) the sum of (i) the Final Reference Value multiplied by the 
Multiplier and (ii) the Sigma Amount. 
(vii) WITH THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
[(Initial Reference Value x Predetermined Loss Percentage) x Multiplier] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Reference Value, (ii) the Predetermined Loss Percentage and (iii) the Multiplier. 
(viii) WITH THE DOWN PARTICIPATION FACTOR: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – 
Initial Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the Down Participation 
Factor multiplied by the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial 
Reference Value. 
(ix) WITH THE STRIKE PERCENTAGE AND THE DOWN PARTICIPATION 
FACTOR: 
Max {0; Issue Price – [Down Participation Factor x Issue Price x [(Strike 
Percentage x Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value) / Final Reference 
Value]]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 0 and (B) 
the difference between (1) the Issue Price and (2) the Down Participation Factor 
multiplied by the Issue Price and multiplied by the ratio of (i) the Strike Percentage 
multiplied by the Final Reference Value minus the Final Reference Value and (ii) 
the Final Reference Value. 
(x) 
WITH THE STRIKE PERCENTAGE AND WITH THE GEARING FACTOR: 
Max {0; Initial Reference Value x {Initial Percentage - [(Strike Percentage – Final 
Reference Value / Initial Reference Value) x Gearing Factor]} x Multiplier} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the maximum between (i) 0 and 
(ii) the Multiplier multiplied by the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the 
difference between (a) the Initial Percentage and (b) the difference between the Strike

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Percentage and Final Reference Value divided by the Initial Reference Value, 
multiplied by the Gearing Factor. 
(2) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF STANDARD SHORT CERTIFICATES, 
MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES AND TWIN WIN SHORT CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT 
SHORT 
PROTECTION 
AND 
PREDETERMINED 
LOSS 
PERCENTAGE: 
Max {0; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial Reference Value - Final Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 0 and (B) 
the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value 
and (ii) the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference 
Value. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max {0; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial Reference 
Value – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier}} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap 
Barrier Amount and (B) the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the product of (i) the 
Multiplier and (ii) the sum of the Initial Reference Value and the difference between 
the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value. 
(ii) WITH THE SHORT PROTECTION:  
a) 
Max {Short Protection; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial Reference Value - Final 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Short 
Protection and (B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial 
Reference Value and (ii) the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the 
Final Reference Value. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max {Short Protection; [Initial Reference Value + 
(Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier}} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap 
Barrier Amount and (B) the higher between (1) the Short Protection and (2) the 
product of (i) the Multiplier and (ii) the sum of the Initial Reference Value and the 
difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value. 
Or 
b) 
Short Protection x Minimum Exercise Amount

--- Page 230 ---
230 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Short Protection.  
(iii) WITH THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
[(Initial Reference Value x Predetermined Loss Percentage) x Multiplier] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Reference Value, (ii) the Predetermined Loss Percentage and (iii) the Multiplier. 
(iv) WITH THE DOWN PARTICIPATION FACTOR: 
Max {0; [Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference 
Value – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 0 and (B) 
the product of (i) the Multiplier and (ii) the sum of the Initial Reference Value and 
the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value, 
such difference multiplied by the Down Participation Factor. 
(v) 
WITH THE STRIKE PERCENTAGE AND THE DOWN PARTICIPATION 
FACTOR: 
Max {0; Issue Price – [(Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial 
Reference Value) / Final Reference Value] x Down Participation Factor x Issue 
Price} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the maximum between (i) 0 and 
(ii) the difference between the (a) the Issue Price and (b) the product of (1) the 
difference between Final Reference Value and Strike Percentage multiplied by Initial 
Reference Value, divided by Final Reference Value, (2) the Down Participation 
Factor and (3) the Issue Price. 
(3) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF SPREAD CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITH THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial 
PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x Predetermined Loss 
Percentage} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the average 
between (1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying 
A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying B, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B 
and (B) the Predetermined Loss Percentage. 
(ii) WITH THE SPREAD PROTECTION 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial

--- Page 231 ---
231 
PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x [1 + Max (Spread 
Protection; Spread +/- Margin)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the average 
between (1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying 
A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying B, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B 
and (B) the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the higher between the Spread Protection and the 
Spread (plus or minus the Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; {{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x 
MultiplierA) + (Initial PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x 
[1 + Max(Spread Protection; Spread +/- Margin)]}} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap 
Barrier Amount and (B) the product of (1) the average between the product of (i) the 
Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the 
Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying A and the product of (i) the 
Initial Percentage of the Underlying B, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the 
Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (2) the sum of (i) 1 
and (ii) the higher between the Spread Protection and the Spread (plus or minus the 
Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
(iii) WITHOUT THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE OR THE SPREAD 
PROTECTION 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated pursuant to one of the following 
formulas and in accordance with the relevant Final Terms: 
a) 
Amount linked to the Spread 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial 
PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x Max [0; (1+ 
Participation Factor x (Spread +/- Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of 
(A) the average between (1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the 
Underlying A, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the 
Multiplier of the Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage 
of the Underlying B, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and 
(iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (B) the higher between (i) 0 and 
(ii) the sum of 1 and the Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (plus or 
minus the Margin, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; {[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x 
MultiplierA) + (Initial PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] /

--- Page 232 ---
232 
2} x Max [0;(1 +Participation Factor x (Spread +/- Margin))]}} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower 
between the Cap Barrier Amount and the product of (A) the average between 
(1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying 
A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying B, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying B and (B) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) the sum of 1 and the 
Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (plus or minus the Margin, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Or:  
b) 
Amount linked to the performance of the Underlying A 
Final Reference ValueA x MultiplierA x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of 
the Final Reference Value of the Underlying A and the Multiplier of the 
Underlying A. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference ValueA x MultiplierA)] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower 
between (A) the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the product of the Final 
Reference Value of the Underlying A and the Multiplier of the Underlying A. 
Or 
c) 
Amount linked to the performance of the Underlying B 
Final Reference ValueB  x MultiplierB x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of 
the Final Reference Value of the Underlying B and the Multiplier of the 
Underlying B. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower 
between (A) the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the product of the Final 
Reference Value of the Underlying B and the Multiplier of the Underlying B.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
(4) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF MULTIPERFORMANCE LONG 
CERTIFICATES AND MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX LONG CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Issue Price x (1+ Down Participation Factor x Cumulated Performance) x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Issue Price 
and (B) the sum of (i) 1 and the Down Participation Factor multiplied by the 
Cumulated Performance. 
(ii) WITH THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Max [Protection Amount; Issue Price x (1+ Down Participation Factor x Cumulated 
Performance)] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher of (A) the Protection 
Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Issue Price and (2) the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the 
Down Participation Factor multiplied by the Cumulated Performance. 
(5) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF MULTIPERFORMANCE SHORT 
CERTIFICATES AND MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Issue Price x Max [0; (1- Down Participation Factor x Cumulated Performance)] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Issue Price 
and (B) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 minus the product of the Down 
Participation Factor and the Cumulated Performance. 
(ii) WITH THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Max [Protection Amount; Issue Price x (1- Down Participation Factor x Cumulated 
Performance)] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the 
Protection Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Issue Price and (2) 1 minus the 
product of the Down Participation Factor and the Cumulated Performance. 
(6) 
BARRIER GAP EVENT IN THE CASE OF GAP LONG CERTIFICATES 
Issue Price x Max [0; 100% + Barrier Gap Leverage x (Gap Daily Performance - Barrier 
Gap Level)] x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Issue Price and (B) the 
higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 100% plus the Barrier Gap Leverage multiplied by the

--- Page 234 ---
234 
difference between the (a) Gap Daily Performance and (b) the Barrier Gap Level. 
(7) 
BARRIER GAP EVENT IN THE CASE OF GAP SHORT CERTIFICATES 
Issue Price x Max [0; 100% + Barrier Gap Leverage x (Barrier Gap Level - Gap Daily 
Performance)] x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Issue Price and (B) the 
higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 100% plus the Barrier Gap Leverage multiplied by the 
difference between (a) the Barrier Gap Level and (b) the Gap Daily Performance. 
(8) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF DUAL CURRENCY FX LONG/SHORT 
CERTIFICATES 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
in the Settlement Currency per Minimum Exercise Amount, which may be the Issue 
Currency or the Dual Currency, depending on the Final Reference Value of the Underlying 
(which will be an exchange rate), and it will be calculated pursuant to one of the following 
formulas: 
a. 
If the Barrier Event depends on the Final Reference Value: 
[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Conversion Rate] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount in the Dual Currency per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product 
of (A) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and 
(iii) the Multiplier and (B) the Conversion Rate. 
b. 
If the Barrier Event depends on the Reference Value: 
(i) 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than (in case of Dual 
Currency FX Long Certificates) or is equal to or lower than (in case of 
Dual Currency FX Short Certificates) the Strike Level: 
Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount in the Issue Currency per Minimum Exercise Amount 
equal to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier. 
(ii) 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than (in case of Dual Currency 
FX Long Certificates) or higher than (in case of Dual Currency FX 
Short Certificates) the Strike Level: 
[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Conversion 
Rate] 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount in the Dual Currency per Minimum Exercise Amount 
equal to the product of (A) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier and (B) the Conversion Rate.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
(9) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF COMBINED AMOUNT CERTIFICATES 
Max {0; Issue Price x Participation Factor x Min [0; (Final Reference Value / Initial 
Reference Value – 1)] + Combined Amount} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 0 and (B) the sum of (a) 
the product of (1) the Issue Price, (2) the Participation Factor and (3) the lower between (i) 
0 and (ii) the ratio between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value 
minus 1 and (b) the Combined Amount. 
(10) BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF LONG OUTPERFORMANCE COMBINED 
CERTIFICATES 
a) 
Max [0; (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Predetermined Loss 
Percentage) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 0 and (B) 
the product of (1) the Final Reference Value less the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the Predetermined Loss Percentage and (2) the Multiplier. 
Or 
b) 
Max [0; Predetermined Loss Amount + (Final Reference Value x Multiplier)] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 0 and (B) 
the sum of (1) the Predetermined Loss Percentage and (2) the Final Reference Value 
multiplied by the Multiplier. 
(11) BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF REVERSE BUTTERFLY CERTIFICATES 
Min {Issue Price; [Max (Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Final Reference Value x 
Multiplier) + Max (0; Butterfly Level – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier]} 
In such case, the investor will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Issue Price and (B) the 
higher between (1) the Protection Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (2) the Final 
Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier plus an amount (which may not be lower 
than 0) that is equal to the Butterfly Level minus the Final Reference Value, multiplied by 
the Multiplier. 
**** 
In relation to the Remuneration Amounts, the Early Redemption Amount and the Cash 
Settlement Amount, the following options concerning the underlying assets may be applicable, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms: 
Series with two or more Underlyings 
Best Of Feature

--- Page 236 ---
236 
For the determination of (i) the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the 
event that triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount and/or 
the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or (iii) the Settlement Amount and/or the 
occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation of such Settlement Amount; and/or 
(iv) the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and in relation to any or all the relevant valuation periods, the Calculation Agent 
selects the Best Of Underlying which is the Underlying with the first, second or third (and so 
on, depending on the number of the Underlyings and as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
best Performance compared with the other Underlying(s). 
Worst Of Feature 
For the determination of (i) the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the 
event that triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount and/or 
the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or (iii) the Settlement Amount and/or the 
occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation of such Settlement Amount; and/or 
(iv) the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and in relation to any or all the relevant valuation periods, the Calculation Agent 
selects the Worst Of Underlying which is the Underlying with the first, second or third (and so 
on, on the basis of the number of the Underlyings and as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
worst Performance compared with the other Underlying(s). 
Darwin Feature  
For the determination of (i) the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the 
event that triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount and/or 
the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or (iii) the Settlement Amount and/or the 
occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation of such Settlement Amount; and/or 
(iv) the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent selects, in relation to each valuation period of each event 
and/or in relation to each amount to be paid, the Underlying value to be considered (i.e. Best of 
Underlying, Worst of Underlying, Basket Value or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).  
Series with a Basket as Underlying 
Digital Combo Feature (in case of Digital Amounts) 
For the calculation of the Digital Amount, the Calculation Agent will determine whether a 
Digital Event has occurred (and eventually will determine the Consolidation Level, the Memory 
Level, the Knock-out Level, the Knock-in Level) in relation to each Basket Constituent. The 
amount of the Digital Amount will therefore depend on the number of Basket Constituents in 
relation to which the Digital Event has occurred. 
Participation Combo Feature (in case of Participation Remuneration Amounts) 
For the calculation of the Participation Remuneration Amounts linked to a Basket, the 
Calculation Agent will determine (i) the arithmetic mean or (ii) the weighted average (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) or (iii) the sum of the Participation Remuneration 
Amounts for each single Basket Constituent, as calculated taking into account for each single 
Basket Constituent the relevant CAP (if applicable), Floor Percentage, Participation Factor, 
Strike Remuneration Percentage, Base Premium Percentage (if applicable) and Participation

--- Page 237 ---
237 
Remuneration Amount Gearing (if applicable), as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
However, for the purpose of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount and the Early 
Redemption Amount (if applicable), the Calculation Agent will take into account the Initial 
Reference Value, the Final Reference Value, the Early Redemption Level (if applicable), the 
Barrier Level (if applicable), the Cap Level (if applicable) and the Protection Level (if 
applicable) in relation to the Basket as a whole. Such calculation method shall not apply to 
Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates. 
Rainbow Feature 
Unlike the instruments linked to one or more Underlying(s), the Issuer will indicate in the 
applicable Final Terms: (i) the financial activities which represent the Basket Constituents, (ii) 
the relative weighting within the Basket without any preliminary reference to specific financial 
activities and (iii) the objective criteria pursuant to which the weight will be allocated by the 
Calculation Agent (for instance, in a Basket constituted by three financial activities, the Basket 
would be weighted as follows: 50% for the Basket Constituent with the best performance; 30% 
for the Basket Constituent with the worst performance; and 20% for a Basket Constituent with 
the second best performance).  
For each determination (during the life of the Certificates and at the exercise date), the 
Calculation Agent will weigh the relevant Basket Constituents on the basis of the performance 
registered on such Determination Date and pursuant to the objective criteria provided under the 
Final Terms. The allocation of the weights within a Basket may result differently on each 
Determination Date and depending on the performance of the Basket Constituents. 
The Calculation Agent will then calculate the total amount of the Basket pursuant to the methods 
applied to the instruments normally linked to the Basket. Such feature shall not apply to the 
Spread Certificates. 
24. 
Reverse Split of Turbo Certificates 
If "Reverse Split" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer may, at its 
option, effect a Reverse Split of the relevant Series of Turbo Certificates. In such event, the 
Issuer may give the Reverse Split Trigger Notice to Securityholders within a number of days 
equal to the Reverse Split Notice Period informing them of its intention to effect a Reverse Split 
with respect to the relevant Turbo Certificates. After the giving of such Reverse Split Trigger 
Notice, with effect from the relevant Reverse Split Effective Date and without the consent of the 
Securityholders, the number of Turbo Certificates before the Reverse Split (the Pre-Conversion 
Turbo Certificates) held by each Securityholder (the “Existing Holding”) will be aggregated 
and such Turbo Certificates will be converted into a smaller number of Turbo Certificates 
(Converted Turbo Certificates and the aggregate holding of such Converted Turbo Certificates 
including the Unconverted Turbo Certificates (if any and as defined below) by a Turbo 
Certificates Securityholder, the “Revised Holding”) calculated by dividing the number of Pre-
Conversion Turbo Certificates by the Reverse Split Ratio.  
If, after the application of the Reverse Split Ratio to the Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates held 
by each Securityholder: 
- the aggregate number of the Certificates held by any Securityholder is lower than the 
applicable Reverse Split Ratio; or

--- Page 238 ---
238 
- the aggregate number of Certificates held by any Securityholder divided by the 
applicable Reverse Split Ratio does not result in an integer number; 
the number of the Certificates which cannot be replaced by one Converted Turbo Certificates 
(in each case the “Unconverted Turbo Certificates”) will be bought back by the Issuer at the 
Reverse Split Cash Settlement Price. The Securityholders of Unconverted Turbo Certificates 
shall receive a cash amount on the Reverse Split Settlement Date equal to the Reverse Split Cash 
Settlement Amount. 
Upon conversion of Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates into Converted Turbo Certificates, the 
applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be amended to set out the changes to be made to the 
terms of the Converted Turbo Certificates provided that, as a result of such changes the market 
value of the Revised Holding calculated immediately after the Reverse Split is the same as the 
market value of the Existing Holding calculated immediately before the Reverse Split. 
Following the conversion of Pre-Conversion Turbo Certificates into Converted Turbo 
Certificates, all references in these Terms and Conditions to Turbo Certificates shall be deemed 
to be references to the Converted Turbo Certificates.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
ANNEX TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES -  
FORM OF PHYSICAL DELIVERY CONFIRMATION NOTICE 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Issuer) 
[Details of issue] 
(the Securities) 
When completed this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice should be sent by authenticated swift 
message (to be confirmed in writing) to whichever of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg records or 
will record on its books ownership of the Securities being exercised, with a copy to the Principal Security 
Agent and to the Issuer or, if the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice relates to Securities represented 
by Definitive Securities, should be delivered along with the Securities to the Issuer with a copy to the 
Principal Security Agent. The Issuer will not in any circumstances be liable to the Securityholder or any 
other person for any loss or damage to any Definitive Securities deposited with it, unless such loss or 
damage was caused by the fraud or negligence of the Issuer or its directors, officers or employees. 
 
To: 
 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B–1210 Brussels 
Belgium] 
 
 
or: 
[Clearstream Banking, S.A.  
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg]*9 
 
 
or: 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy]*  
 
 
cc: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
28-32 Place de la Gare 
L-1616 Luxembourg  
Luxembourg  
 
 
 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy]* 
 
9 *Delete as applicable

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
If this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is determined to be incomplete or not in proper form (in 
the determination of the Principal Security Agent), or is not copied to the Principal Security Agent and 
the Issuer immediately after being delivered or sent to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or, in the 
case of Definitive Securities, is not delivered to the Issuer and copied to the Principal Security Agent), it 
will be treated as null and void. 
If this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, in the 
case of Definitive Securities, to the satisfaction of the Issuer in consultation with the Principal Security 
Agent), it will be deemed to be a new Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted at the time such 
correction was delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and copied to the Issuer and the 
Principal Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Securities, to the Issuer and copied to the Principal 
Security Agent). 
This Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice should be completed and delivered as provided in the terms 
and conditions of the Securities as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant provisions of the 
applicable Terms of the Issue (the Conditions). Expressions defined in such Conditions shall bear the 
same meanings herein. 
This Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice will be null and void unless the beneficial owner certifies 
on the date of exercise that such owner is not a "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation 
S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and no securities or 
other property have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. person in connection with this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. 
PLEASE USE BLOCK CAPITALS 
1. 
Name(s) and Address(es) of Securityholders: 
Name 
 
 
Address  
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Series Number and Number of Securities 
The series number of Securities the subject of this notice is: 
The number of Securities the subject of this notice is as follows: 
Securities 
[               ] 
 
3. 
Account details:

--- Page 241 ---
241 
[I/We* hereby irrevocably instruct Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg* to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date my/our* Securities Account specified below with the number of Securities the subject 
of this notice.]* I/We* hereby undertake to pay any applicable Expenses and I/we* hereby irrevocably 
instruct Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg/the Principal Security Agent* to debit my/our* Cash 
Account specified below with an amount or amounts in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses to the 
extent of such amount or amounts]. 
My/Our* account details are as follows: 
[Securities Account with Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg* 
No.: 
 
 
Name:  
] 
Cash Account with Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg 
No.: 
 
 
Name:  
* 
 
 
4. 
Settlement 
4.1 
Not applicable for Currency Securities 
Insert details (as detailed in the applicable Terms of the Issue) as to how Entitlement is to be delivered: 
Any cash payable (either in the event of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends 
relating to the Entitlement or as a result of a Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity occurring and the Issuer electing to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount or the Failure to 
Deliver Settlement Price) should be credited to my/our Cash Account specified in paragraph 3. 
4.2 
Applicable to Currency Certificates Only 
My/Our Cash Account to be credited with the amount due to me/us* in respect of the Certificates the 
subject of this notice are set out in paragraph 3. 
5. 
Certification of Non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
The undersigned hereby certify/ies that as of the date hereof none of the Certificates exercised hereby is 
or will be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by a "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act and no securities or other property have been or will be delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with this 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. 
I/We understand that certain portions of this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice are required in 
connection with certain tax, securities and other laws of the United States. If administrative or legal 
proceedings are commenced or threatened in connection with which this Physical Delivery Confirmation

--- Page 242 ---
242 
Notice is or would be relevant, I/we irrevocably authorise you to produce this Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice to any interested party in such proceedings. 
Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities. 
Name(s) of Securityholder(s): 
Signed/By: 
Dated: 
[N.B. If the provisions of Condition 4(C) (Issuer's Option to vary Settlement) apply then amendment will 
need to be made to this form of Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice to reflect such option.]

--- Page 243 ---
243 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Securities for general corporate purposes, 
including making a profit or as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms. A substantial portion of 
the proceeds may be used to hedge market risks with respect to the Securities.  
If in respect of any particular issue of Securities, there is a particular identified use of proceeds (for 
instance in relation to the issuance of Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates, or 
Sustainability Certificates), this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the ICMA 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Certificates financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible Social Projects or a combination of both Green and Social Projects as the case may be, and 
complying with the relevant eligibility criteria and any other criteria set out in the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) and which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be 
available 
in 
the 
investor 
relations 
section 
of 
the 
Issuer' 
website 
at 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/sustainability/environment/green-products/Green-bonds 
(the 
"Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework") (including as amended, restated or otherwise 
updated on such website from time to time) will be classified as Green Certificates, Social Certificates 
or, as the case may be, Sustainability Certificates. 
For the purposes of this section: 
Eligible Green Projects means projects identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework. 
Eligible Social Projects means projects identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Organisation of the Group 
Intesa Sanpaolo Origins 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the result of the merger by incorporation of Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. with Banca Intesa 
S.p.A. (effective 1 January 2007). 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. was originally established in 1925 under the name of La Centrale and invested in the 
business of the production and distribution of electricity. After the nationalisation of companies in this 
sector in the early 1960s, the company changed its name to La Centrale Finanziaria Generale, acquiring 
equity investments in various companies in the banking, insurance and publishing sector. The company 
merged by incorporation with Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano in 1985 and assumed its name and constitutional 
objects. Following the acquisition of Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde S.p.A. ("Cariplo") 
in January 1998, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to Gruppo Banca Intesa. Then, in 2001, 
Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A. was merged into Gruppo Banca Intesa and the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's name was changed to "Banca Intesa Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A.". On 1 January 2003 the 
corporate name was changed to "Banca Intesa S.p.A.". 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo IMI") was formed in 1998 through the merger of Istituto Mobiliare 
Italiano S.p.A. ("IMI") and Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo"). 
Sanpaolo originated from the "Compagnia di San Paolo" brotherhood, which was set up in 1563 to help 
the needy. The "Compagnia di San Paolo" began undertaking credit activities and progressively 
developed into a banking institution during the nineteenth century, becoming a public law credit 
institution (Istituto di Credito di Diritto Pubblico) in 1932. Between 1960 and 1990, Sanpaolo expanded 
its network nationwide through a number of acquisitions of local banks and medium-sized regional banks, 
ultimately reaching the level of a multifunctional group of national importance in 1991 after its 
acquisition of Crediop. On 31 December 1991, Sanpaolo became a stock corporation (società per azioni) 
with the name Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino Società per Azioni. 
IMI was established as a public law entity in 1931 and during the 1980s it developed its specialist credit 
and investment banking services and, with Banca Fideuram, its professional asset management and 
financial consultancy services. IMI became a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) in 1991. 
The merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI and the creation of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
The boards of directors of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI unanimously approved the merger of Sanpaolo 
IMI with Banca Intesa on 12 October 2006 and the merger became effective on 1 January 2007. The 
surviving entity changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the parent company of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. 
UBI Banca S.p.A. 
Unione di Banche Italiane S.p.A. ("UBI Banca") is the entity resulting from the merger by incorporation 
of Banca Lombarda e Piemontese S.p.A. into Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.a. (the "Merger"). The Merger 
became legally effective on 1 April 2007, with the surviving entity, BPU, changing its name to UBI

--- Page 245 ---
245 
Banca. On 12 October 2015, UBI Banca was the first Italian banca popolare to become a Joint Stock 
Company (S.p.A.). On 12 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders' meeting of UBI Banca appointed a Board 
of Directors and a Management Control Committee for the three-year period 2019-2020-2021, 
implementing the one-tier governance model adopted on 19 October 2018 through the resolution of a 
shareholders' meeting in extraordinary session. 
The merger between Intesa Sanpaolo and UBI Banca 
Intesa Sanpaolo acquired the control of UBI Banca on 5 August 2020 and merged it by incorporation on 
12 April 2021. 
Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo is a company limited by shares, incorporated in 1925 under the laws of Italy and 
registered with the Companies' Registry of Turin under registration number 00799960158. It is also 
registered on the National Register of Banks under no. 5361 and is the parent company of "Gruppo Intesa 
Sanpaolo". Intesa Sanpaolo operates subject to the Banking Law. 
Registered Office 
Intesa Sanpaolo's registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy) and its telephone 
number is +39 0115551. Intesa Sanpaolo's secondary office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan 
(Italy). 
Website 
Intesa Sanpaolo's website is https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/. The information on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
Intesa Sanpaolo purpose 
The purpose of Intesa Sanpaolo is the deposit-taking and the carrying-on of all forms of lending activities, 
both directly and through its subsidiaries. Intesa Sanpaolo may, in compliance with laws and regulations 
applicable from time to time and subject to being granted the required authorisations, directly and through 
its subsidiaries, provide all banking and financial services, including the establishment and management 
of open-ended and closed-ended pension schemes, as well as carry out any other transactions that are 
instrumental for, or related to, the achievement of its corporate purpose. 
Ratings 
The credit ratings assigned to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. are the following: 
- 
BBB (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar"); 
- 
BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings"); 
- 
Baa1 by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"); and 
- 
BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings"). 
Each of DBRS Morningstar, Fitch Ratings, Moody's and S&P Global Ratings is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and appears

--- Page 246 ---
246 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Share Capital 
As at 21 December 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo's issued and paid-up share capital amounted to 
€10,084,445,147.92, divided into 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares without nominal value. Since 21 
December 2021, there has been no change to Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital. 
The Issuer are not aware of any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change of control of the Issuer. 
Organisational Structure of the Divisions as at 26 November 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Managing Director 
and CEO  
C. Messina 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banca dei 
Territori(*) 
Division 
 
IMI Corporate 
& Investment 
Banking 
Division 
 
International 
Subsidiary 
Banks 
Division 
 
Private 
Banking 
Division 
 
Asset 
Management 
Division 
 
Insurance 
Division 
S. Barrerse 
 
M. Micillo 
 
M.E. Rottigni 
 
T. Corcos 
 
S. Perissinotto 
 
N.M. Fioravanti 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo; 
Banca 5 
 
Banca 
Intesa (**); 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Ireland; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank 
Luxembourg; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Brasil 
 
Banca Intesa 
Beograd; 
Bank of 
Alexandria; 
CIB Bank; 
Eximbank; 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank 
(***); 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank 
Albania; 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank 
Romania; 
 
Fideuram; 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Private 
Banking; 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Private Bank 
(Suisse) 
Morval; 
IW Bank; 
REYL & Cie; 
SIREF 
Fiduciaria 
 
Eurizon (#) 
 
Bancassurance 
Popolari;  
Cargeas 
Assicurazioni; 
Fideuram Vita; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Assicura; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Life; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
RBM Salute 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Vita; 
Lombarda Vita;

--- Page 247 ---
247 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina; 
Pravex Bank; 
Privredna 
Banka Zagreb; 
VUB Banka 
Assicurazioni 
Vita 
 ______________________  
(*) 
Domestic commercial banking 
(**) 
Russian Federation 
(***) Slovenia 
(#) 
The parent company Eurizon Capital SGR controls Eurizon Capital S.A., Epsilon SGR, Eurizon Asset 
Management Slovakia, Eurizon Asset Management Hungary, PBZ Invest, Eurizon Capital Real Asset 
SGR, Eurizon SLJ Capital LTD and Eurizon Capital Asia Limited 
In Italy, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is one of the top banking groups in Europe and is committed to 
supporting the economy in the countries in which it operates, specifically in Italy where it is also 
committed to becoming a reference model in terms of sustainability and social and cultural responsibility. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a banking group in Italy with 13.5 million customers and approximately 
4,200 branches. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a provider of financial products and services to both households and 
enterprises in Italy. 
The Group has a strategic international presence, with approximately 1,000 branches and 7.1 million 
customers. It is among the top players in several countries in Central Eastern Europe and in the Middle 
East and North Africa, through its local subsidiary banks: the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ranks first in Serbia, 
second in Croatia and Slovakia, fourth in Albania and Slovenia, fifth in Bosnia and Herzegovina and 
Egypt, sixth in Moldova and seventh in Hungary. 
As at 30 September 2021, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group had total assets of €1,071,418 million, customer 
loans of €463,295 million, direct deposits from banking business of €535,746 million and direct deposits 
from insurance business and technical reserves of €203,538 million. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates through six divisions: 
(a) 
The Banca dei Territori division: focuses on the market and centrality of the territory for 
stronger relations with individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and non-profit entities. 
The division includes activities in industrial credit, leasing and factoring, as well as instant 
banking through the partnership between the subsidiary Banca 5 and SisalPay (Mooney). 
(b) 
The IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division: a global partner which, taking a medium-
long term view, supports corporates, financial institutions and public administration, both 
nationally and internationally. Its main activities include capital markets and investment 
banking. The division is present in 25 countries where it facilitates the cross-border activities of 
its customers through a specialist network made up of branches, representative offices and 
subsidiary banks focused on corporate banking.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
(c) 
The International Subsidiary Banks division: includes the following commercial banking 
subsidiaries: Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania in Albania, Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Privredna Banka Zagreb in Croatia, the Prague branch 
of VUB Banka in the Czech Republic, Bank of Alexandria in Egypt, Eximbank in Moldova, 
CIB Bank in Hungary, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania in Romania, Banca Intesa Beograd in 
Serbia, VUB Banka in Slovakia, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank in Slovenia and Pravex Bank in Ukraine. 
(d) 
The Private Banking division: serves the customer segment consisting of private clients and 
high net worth individuals with the offering of products and services tailored for this segment. 
The division includes Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking with 6,626 private bankers. 
(e) 
The Asset Management division: asset management solutions targeted at the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's customers, commercial networks outside the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, and institutional 
clientele. The division includes Eurizon with €351 billion of assets under management. 
(f) 
The Insurance division: insurance and pension products tailored for the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's clients. The division holds direct deposits and technical reserves of €204 billion and 
includes Intesa Sanpaolo Vita - which controls Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura, Intesa Sanpaolo Life, 
Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute and Cargeas Assicurazioni – Fideuram Vita, Bancassurance 
Popolari, Lombarda Vita and Assicurazioni Vita. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the last two years 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2020 – Highlights 
Integration of the UBI Group 
The acceptance period for the voluntary public purchase and exchange offer (below "Offer" or "Public 
Offer") launched by Intesa Sanpaolo for a maximum of 1,144,285,146 ordinary shares of Unione di 
Banche Italiane S.p.A. ("UBI Banca"), representing all subscribed and paid-in share capital, ended on 30 
July 2020. The private placement of UBI Banca shares reserved for "qualified institutional buyers" 
launched by Intesa Sanpaolo in the United States also ended on that date (the "Private Placement"). 
Detailed information about the Offer is provided in the offer document, the information document and 
all the legally-required documentation made available, together with the individual announcements made 
regarding the progress of the Offer and its outcome. The Offer was amended on 17 July 2020 following 
the increase in the consideration per share, through the establishment of a cash consideration of €0.57 for 
each UBI Banca share tendered in acceptance, and that the acceptance period was extended ex officio by 
CONSOB from 28 July 2020 to 30 July 2020, pursuant to Article 40, paragraph 4, of the Issuers' 
Regulation, through Resolution No. 21460 of 27 July 2020. 
Furthermore, to prevent possible antitrust concerns, on 17 February 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER 
Banca (below also "BPER") entered into a binding agreement, conditional on the success of the Public 
Offer ("BPER Agreement"), which provides for the purchase by BPER of a going concern consisting of 
a pool of branches of the entity resulting from the combination of Intesa Sanpaolo with UBI Banca. The 
original agreement provided for the sale of around 400/500 branches of the combined entity and the 
related assets and liabilities for a consideration equal to a multiple of 0.55 times the CET 1 of UBI Banca 
allocated to the branches identified as being subject of the sale. Subsequently, to take appropriate account 
of the economic situation generated by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, and following 
discussions held between Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER, the pricing mechanism described above was 
modified by establishing a consideration for the above-mentioned going concern equal to 0.38 times the 
value of the fully-loaded CET 1 at the reference date allocated to the risk-weighted assets of the branches 
to be sold. In order to remove the specific antitrust concerns raised by the Italian Antitrust Authority 
("AGCM"), on 15 June 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo negotiated and signed an agreement supplementing the

--- Page 249 ---
249 
BPER Agreement under which the number of branches to be transferred was increased (from 400/500 to 
532, of which 501 of UBI Banca and 31 of Intesa Sanpaolo) with the precise identification of the details 
and consequent redefinition of the estimated values. By a decision adopted at the meeting of 14 July 2020 
and notified to Intesa Sanpaolo on 16 July 2020, AGCM approved the transaction for the acquisition of 
control of UBI Banca subject to the execution of structural sales in accordance with the BPER Agreement 
and the commitments made by Intesa Sanpaolo. Through a specific press release on 30 September 2020, 
it was announced that the parties had identified as the period currently envisaged for the closing of the 
sale to BPER the second half of February 2021 with regard to the UBI Banca branches and the second 
quarter of 2021 with regard to the Intesa Sanpaolo branches. 
Based on the final results – announced to the market on 3 August 2020 – a total of 1,031,958,027 UBI 
Banca shares were tendered in acceptance of the Offer during the acceptance period (including those 
tendered in acceptance through the Private Placement), equal to approximately 90.184% of the share 
capital of UBI Banca. As a result of the settlement of the Offer (and of the Private Placement) and on the 
basis of the results of the Offer (and of the Private Placement), the offeror came to hold a total of 
1,041,458,904 UBI Banca shares, representing approximately 91.0139% of the share capital of UBI 
Banca, given that (i) the offeror Intesa Sanpaolo held, directly and indirectly (including through fiduciary 
companies or nominees) a total of 249,077 ordinary shares of the Issuer, equal to 0.0218% and (ii) UBI 
Banca held 9,251,800 own shares equal to 0.8085% of the share capital of the Issuer. 
Lastly, acceptances "with reserves" were also received in respect of a total number of 334,454 UBI Banca 
shares from 103 acceptors. These acceptances have not been counted for determining the percent 
acceptance of the Offer. Based on the final results indicated above, the Percentage threshold condition 
(i.e. the condition that the offeror comes to hold an overall interest at least equal to 66.67% of the Issuer's 
share capital) was fulfilled and all the other conditions precedent of the Offer were fulfilled or, as the 
case may be, waived by Intesa Sanpaolo. As a result, the Offer was effective and was able to be 
completed. 
On 5 August 2020, in exchange for the transfer of the ownership of the UBI Banca shares, Intesa Sanpaolo 
issued and assigned the acceptors of the Offer a total of 1,754,328,645 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, 
representing 9.107% of the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo, based on the ratio of 1.7000 Intesa Sanpaolo 
shares to 1 UBI Banca share. In addition, on 19 August 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo paid the entitled parties 
the cash consideration (i.e. €0.57 for each UBI Banca share tendered in acceptance) which amounted to 
a total of €588,216,075.39. 
The interest held directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo in the share capital of UBI Banca at the end of 
the acceptance period was more than 90%, but less than 95%, which meant that the conditions were met 
for the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on 
Finance, with Intesa Sanpaolo having already declared in the offer document that it would not implement 
measures to restore the minimum free float conditions for normal trading of the UBI Banca ordinary 
shares. Therefore, pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, Intesa 
Sanpaolo was required to purchase the remaining ordinary shares from the shareholders of UBI Banca 
who requested it, for a total amount of 112,327,119 UBI Banca shares and representing 9.8163% of the 
share capital. The consideration per remaining share, identified in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 108, paragraphs 3 and 5, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, was determined as follows: 
− 
a consideration equal to that offered to the acceptors of the Public Purchase and Exchange Offer, 
namely 1.7000 newly issued Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares and €0.57 for each UBI Banca 
share tendered in acceptance; or, alternatively, 
− 
only to the shareholders so requesting, a cash consideration in full whose amount for each UBI 
Banca share, calculated in accordance with Article 50-ter, paragraph 1, letter a) of the Issuers' 
Regulations, was equal to the sum of (x) the weighted average of the official prices of the ISP 
shares recorded on the Mercato Telematico Azionario (electronic stock exchange) during the 
five trading days prior to the payment date (i.e. on 29, 30 and 31 July, and 3 and 4 August 2020)

--- Page 250 ---
250 
multiplied by the exchange ratio (€2.969) and (y) €0.57, for a total consideration of €3.539 per 
remaining share. 
The compulsory squeeze-out procedure, pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law 
on Finance, which was carried out between 24 August and 11 September 2020, resulted in sale requests 
for a total of 90,691,202 remaining shares, representing 7.9256% of the share capital of UBI Banca and 
80.7385% of the remaining shares. With reference to the 90,691,202 remaining shares: 
− 
for 87,853,597 remaining shares, the owners have requested the consideration established for 
the Public Offer; and 
− 
for the other 2,837,605 remaining shares, the owners have requested the cash consideration in 
full, i.e. €3.539 per remaining share. 
Taking into account (a) the 1,031,958,027 shares tendered in acceptance of the Offer, (b) the 90,691,202 
remaining shares purchased through the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the 
Consolidated Law on Finance, (c) the 131,645 ordinary shares of the Issuer held directly or indirectly by 
Intesa Sanpaolo and (d) the 8,903,302 own shares held by UBI Banca, Intesa Sanpaolo, following the 
procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, came to hold a total 
of 1,131,684,176 UBI Banca shares, equal to 98.8988% of the share capital of UBI Banca. Intesa 
Sanpaolo made the payment of the consideration for the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108 
paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance on 17 September 2020 through: 
− 
the issuance of 149,351,114 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.77% of the bank's share 
capital, and the payment of a consideration of €50,076,550.29 to the accepting shareholders who 
chose the consideration established for the Offer; and 
− 
the payment of €10,042,284.10 for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash 
consideration in full. 
Subsequent to the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, 
Intesa Sanpaolo, having come to hold more than 95% of the share capital of UBI Banca, exercised its 
right of squeeze-out pursuant to Article 111 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and, at the same time, 
carried out the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 1 of the Consolidated Law on 
Finance for the shareholders of UBI Banca that requested it, through a specific joint procedure that, as 
agreed with CONSOB and Borsa Italiana (the "Joint Procedure"), was carried out in the period 18 – 29 
September 2020. The Joint Procedure targeted a maximum of 21,635,917 UBI Banca residual shares. 
The consideration established in the Joint Procedure was the same as that paid for the shares purchased 
in the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance. During the 
Joint Procedure, sale requests were submitted for a total of 3,013,070 remaining shares, i.e. 13.9262% of 
the shares subject to the procedure. 
More specifically: 
− 
for 408,474 shares, the owners requested the consideration established for the Public Offer; and 
− 
for the other 2,604,596 shares, the owners requested the cash consideration in full, i.e. €3.539 
per remaining share. 
No sale requests were submitted by the owners of the 18,622,847 remaining shares. Such residual shares 
also include 8,877,911 own shares (representing 0.7758% of the Issuer's share capital) held by UBI Banca 
and 120,985 UBI Banca ordinary shares held on own account by Intesa Sanpaolo before 17 February 
2020, the announcement date of the Offer. The UBI Banca own shares and UBI Banca ordinary shares 
held on own account by Intesa Sanpaolo were not transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo under the Joint 
Procedure. Intesa Sanpaolo made the payment of the consideration for the Joint Procedure on 5 October

--- Page 251 ---
251 
2020 through: 
− 
the issuance of 17,055,121 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.09% of the bank's share 
capital and the payment of a consideration of €5,718,482.25 to the accepting shareholders who 
chose the consideration established for the Offer and to the shareholders that did not submit any 
sale requests; and 
− 
the payment of €9,217,655.24 for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash 
consideration in full. 
Following the conclusion of the Joint Procedure, Intesa Sanpaolo came to hold 100% of the share capital 
of UBI Banca. 
Lastly, with resolution no. 8693 of 17 September 2020, Borsa Italiana ordered the delisting of UBI Banca 
shares from trading on the Mercato Telematico Azionario (electronic stock exchange) as of 5 October 
2020 (the settlement date of the Joint Procedure), subject to suspension of the shares during the sessions 
of 1 and 2 October 2020. 
Merger of Banca IMI 
Intesa Sanpaolo announced on 2 April 2020 that following authorisation given by the European Central 
Bank, the plan for the merger by incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed with 
the Companies Register of Turin. The merger, which was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa 
Sanpaolo on 5 May 2020 and by the shareholders' meeting of Banca IMI, was completed on 20 July 2020. 
2020 Annual General Meeting 
On 27 April 2020, the annual general meeting of the shareholders of Intesa Sanpaolo approved, inter alia, 
the parent company's 2019 financial statements and, further to the Board of Directors' decision to suspend 
the proposal regarding dividend distribution to shareholders, allocation to reserves of the net income for 
the 2019 financial year. The shareholders' meeting also resolved to grant powers to the Board of Directors 
to implement a share capital increase by 31 December 2020 by a maximum total amount of 
€1,011,548,072.60 to serve the UBI Banca voluntary public exchange offer. 
Agreement with Trade Unions in respect of at least 5,000 voluntary exits and up to 2,500 new hires by 
2023 
On 30 September 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it signed an agreement with the national 
Secretariats and Group Trade Delegations FABI, FIRST CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN, 
which aims at enabling generational change at no social cost, while continuing to ensure an alternative to 
the possible paths for staff reskilling and redeployment as well as the enhancement of the skills of people 
of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group resulting from the acquisition of UBI Banca finalised on 5 August 2020. 
The agreement identifies ways and criteria to reach the target of at least 5,000 exits on a voluntary basis 
by 2023, with Intesa Sanpaolo Group's people either to retire or access the solidarity fund. 
Furthermore, by 2023, indefinite-term employment contracts will be signed according to the proportion 
of one hire for each two voluntary exits, up to 2,500 hires, against a minimum of 5,000 envisaged 
voluntary exits, a calculation which does not include the exits of people who will be moved due to the 
transfers of business lines. The new hires will support the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's growth and its new 
activities, with a focus on the branch Network and on the disadvantaged areas of the country, including 
through the "stabilisation" of people currently on fixed-term contracts. The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
envisages that at least half of the hires will concern the provinces in which UBI Banca has its historical 
roots (Bergamo, Brescia, Cuneo and Pavia) and the South of Italy. The agreement has been signed well 
ahead of the deadline originally planned for year-end, thus highlighting the effective progress of the

--- Page 252 ---
252 
integration process. 
Specifically, the agreement provides that: 
− 
the offer relating to the voluntary exits is addressed to all the people of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's Italian companies which apply the CCNL Credito (bank employees National Collective 
Labour Contract), including the managers; 
− 
people who meet the retirement requirements by 31 December 2026, including by applying the 
calculation rules "Quota 100" and "Opzione donna", may subscribe to the offer in accordance 
with the ways communicated by the Group; 
− 
people who subscribed to the Intesa Sanpaolo 29 May 2019 Agreement or the UBI Group 14 
January 2020 Agreement but were not included in the lists can submit requests for voluntary 
exit under defined terms; and  
− 
in the event that applications for retirement or access to the Solidarity Fund are in excess of the 
number of 5,000, a single list will be drawn up at Group level based on the date when the 
retirement requirement is met. The list will give priority to those people who have previously 
subscribed to the former Intesa Sanpaolo Group 29 May 2019 Agreement or to the former UBI 
Group 14 January 2020 Agreement and have not been included among the envisaged exits, as 
well as to people entitled to provisions under art. 3, paragraph 3 of Law 104/1992 for themselves, 
and to disabled people with a disability of at least 67%. 
Capital requirement set by the ECB 
On 25 November 2020 following the communication received from the ECB in relation to the 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"), Intesa Sanpaolo announced that the Bank, on a 
consolidated basis, must continue to meet the capital requirement that was established last year. The 
overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.44% under 
the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 8.63% on a fully loaded basis. 
This is the result of: 
− 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.5% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 
capital requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional 
Pillar 2 capital requirement of 1.5%, of which 0.844% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying 
the regulatory amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
− 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
− 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% on a fully loaded basis from 2019; 
− 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.56% under the 
transitional arrangements for 2020 and 0.75% on a fully loaded basis in 2021; and 
− 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.032% under the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 
0.037% on a fully loaded basis in 202110. 
 
10 
Calculated taking into account the exposures as at 30 September 2020 in the various countries where the 
Group has a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating 
either to 2020-2021, where available, or to the latest update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per 
cent in Italy for 2020).

--- Page 253 ---
253 
Intesa Sanpaolo's capital ratios as at 30 September 2020 on a consolidated basis - net of around €2.3 
billion dividends accrued in the first nine months of 2020 - were as follows: 
− 
14.7% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio1112; 
− 
19.6% in terms of Total Capital ratio calculated1314 by applying the transitional arrangements for 
2020; 
− 
15.2% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis1516; 
and 
− 
20.6% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis1718. 
Disposal and state-guarantee securitization of a bad loan portfolio of Intesa Sanpaolo 
On 18 December 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo finalised a securitisation of a bad-loan portfolio of the Bank, 
which was previously sold to a vehicle under Law 130/99, worth around €4.3 billion gross and around 
€1.2 billion net. This securitisation complies with the regulatory requirements for bearing a State 
guarantee of the Republic of Italy ("GACS"). 
The securitisation vehicle issued senior notes equivalent to 81% of the portfolio price and subordinated 
notes for the remaining 19%. The senior notes have been fully underwritten, and will be retained, by 
Intesa Sanpaolo. These notes, which have received an investment grade rating from DBRS Morningstar 
(BBB), Moody's (Baa2) and Scope Ratings (BBB), were expected to bear a GACS by the first quarter of 
2021. 
The subordinated notes, underwritten by Intesa Sanpaolo as well, were to be sold to the tune of 95% to 
third party investors with Intesa Sanpaolo retaining the remaining 5% in compliance with current 
regulatory requirements in order to obtain full accounting and regulatory derecognition of the portfolio 
at the date of finalisation of the notes sale, which was expected to take place by the end of 2020. 
 
11 
After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year 
excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
12 
Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 14% for the 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and 19.2% for the Total Capital ratio. 
13 
After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year 
excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
14 
Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 14% for the 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and 19.2% for the Total Capital ratio. 
15 
After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year 
excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
16 
Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2020, 
taking into account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan 
adjustments, the first time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285 million covering 
the integration and rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza and Veneto Banca, the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and on the sale of the going 
concern to BPER Banca in relation to the acquisition of UBI Banca, and the expected distribution of the nine months 
2020 net income of insurance companies. 
17 
After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year 
excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
18 
Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2020, 
taking into account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan 
adjustments, the first time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285 million covering 
the integration and rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza and Veneto Banca, the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and on the sale of the going 
concern to BPER Banca in relation to the acquisition of UBI Banca, and the expected distribution of the nine months 
2020 net income of insurance companies.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
The transaction, which envisages a disposal price of the portfolio - also taking the disposal price of the 
notes into account - in line with the carrying value, enables Intesa Sanpaolo, one year early, to exceed its 
2018- 2021 Business Plan target of halving, at no extraordinary cost to shareholders, gross NPLs to €26.4 
billion and the gross NPL ratio to 6% in the four years. Considering the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's figures 
as at the end of September 2020 excluding UBI Banca, the finalisation of the notes sale results in gross 
NPLs at €24.6 billion and gross NPL ratio at 5.9%. 
2020 EU-wide Transparency Exercise 
On 11 December 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcements made by the European Banking 
Authority and the European Central Bank regarding the information of the 2020 EU-wide Transparency 
Exercise and fulfilment of the EBA Board of Supervisors' decision. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2021 – Highlights 
Integration of the UBI Group 
On 14 January 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it will hire 1,000 people in addition to the 2,500 
hires already envisaged in the agreement that the Bank signed on 29 September 2020 with Trade Unions 
FABI, FIRST/CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN. The agreement, which aims at enabling 
generational change at no social cost as well as enhancing the skills of the people of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group resulting from the acquisition of UBI Banca, offered the possibility to retire or access the Solidarity 
Fund, on a voluntary basis, to at least 5,000 people. Intesa Sanpaolo, following verification with the Trade 
Unions that the offer for voluntary exit was taken up by at least 5,000 people, intends to accept the total 
of the over 7,200 voluntary exit applications submitted which fulfil the requirements, and consequently, 
as sought by the Trade Unions, to hire 3,500 people in total by the end of the first half of 2024. This 
decision confirms the effective progress of the process for the integration of UBI Banca into the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group. It follows the agreement signed with the Trade Unions on 30 December 2020 regarding 
the 5,107 people who are part of the going concern to be sold to BPER Banca. 
On 29 January 2021, following the authorisation released by the European Central Bank, in accordance 
with the regulations in force, the plan for the merger by incorporation of UBI Banca into Intesa Sanpaolo 
was filed with the Torino Company Register, as provided for by Article 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code. 
The merger was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 2 March 2021. 
2021 EU-Wide Stress Test Results 
On 30 July 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo was subject to the 2021 EU-wide stress test conducted by the European 
Banking Authority (EBA), in cooperation with the Bank of Italy, the European Central Bank (ECB), and 
the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB). Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcements made by the EBA 
on the EU-wide stress test and fully acknowledges the outcomes of this exercise. 
The 2021 EU-wide stress test did not contain a pass fail threshold and instead is designed to be used as 
an important source of information for the purposes of the SREP. The results assisted competent 
authorities in assessing Intesa Sanpaolo's ability to meet applicable prudential requirements under 
stressed scenarios. 
The adverse stress test scenario was set by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon (2021-
2023). The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 
2020, and therefore did not take into account future business strategies and management actions. It was 
not a forecast of Intesa Sanpaolo profits.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
The Intesa Sanpaolo fully loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ("CET1 ratio") resulting from the stress 
test for 2023, the final year considered in the exercise, stands at: 
− 
15.06% under the baseline scenario; and 
− 
9.38% under the adverse scenario. 
This compares with the starting-point figure of 14.04% as of 31 December 2020. 
The impact of the exercise under the adverse scenario, equivalent to 466 basis points, would be equivalent 
to 448 basis points when restoring the actual neutral effect on capital ratios of the 2018-2021 Long-term 
Incentive Plan LECOIP 2.0 based on financial instruments (which is not captured by the stress test 
assumption of a static balance sheet). 
The fully loaded CET1 ratio under the adverse scenario would be 9.97% when considering both the said 
restored neutrality and the sale transactions of the going concerns, related to the acquisition of UBI Banca 
in 2020, finalised in the first half of 2021, other things being equal. 
Intesa Sanpaolo launched ordinary share buy-back programme for free assignment to employees 
On 8 September 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo announced an ordinary share buy-back programme to be launched 
on 13 September 2021 and completed by 24 September 2021. The programme relates to plans of 
assignment, free of charge, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares to employees, in relation to: (i) the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group share-based incentive plan for 2020 reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in 
excess of the so-called "materiality threshold"*(1), as well as for those who are paid a "particularly high" 
amount(2), and for those who, among middle management or professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue 
"relevant bonuses"(3); (ii) the former UBI Banca Group share-based incentive plan for 2020 reserved for 
Risk Takers(4); and (iii) outstanding portions in shares of bonuses deriving from past incentive systems 
of the former UBI Banca Group. In addition, the programme is implemented in order to grant, when 
certain conditions occur, severance payments upon early termination of employment. The programme is 
in accordance with the terms approved at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo on 28 April 2021 
and disclosed to the market. 
The number of shares to be purchased on the market to meet the total requirement of the above-mentioned 
incentive plans and/or compensation by way of severance for the Group is equal to 20,000,000, 
corresponding to a percentage of Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 0.10%. This is in compliance with the 
resolution passed at the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 28 April 2021, which authorised the 
purchase, in one or more tranches, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, for both the Parent Company and 
the companies it directly or indirectly controls, up to a maximum number of 22,479,270, corresponding 
to a maximum percentage of Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 0.12%. 
Purchases of shares to be assigned, without charge, will be executed in compliance with provisions 
included in Article 2357 and following of the Italian Civil Code within the limits of distributable income 
and available reserves, as determined in the financial statements most recently approved. Pursuant to 
Article 132 of the TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, 
 
*(1) Equal to €80,000. 
(2) Pursuant to the Group Remuneration and Incentive Policies, for the three-year period 2019-2021, a variable 
remuneration exceeding €400,000 constitutes a "particularly high" amount. 
(3) Exceeding €80,000 and 100% of the fixed remuneration. 
(4) With bonuses exceeding €50,000 and 25% of the fixed remuneration.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
purchases will be executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with 
trading methods laid down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, as for the purchase modality, transactions will be carried out in compliance with the conditions 
and the restrictions under Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 April 2014, and Articles 2, 3 and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
In accordance with the authorisation obtained at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo, which is 
effective for up to 18 months, purchases will be executed at a price identified on a case-by-case basis, net 
of accessory charges, within a minimum and a maximum price range. This price can be determined using 
the following criteria: 
− 
the minimum purchase price cannot be lower than the reference price the share recorded in the 
stock market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, less 10%; and 
− 
the maximum purchase price cannot be higher than the reference price the share recorded in the 
stock market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, plus 10%. At any rate, 
the purchase price will not be higher than the higher of the price of the last independent trade 
and the highest current independent bid on the market. Purchases may occur at one or more 
times. 
Purchases will be executed between 13 September 2021 and 24 September 2021(included). The 
maximum number of shares to be purchased daily will not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2021, which was equal to 68.7 million shares. 
Furthermore, a constraint has been added to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and restrictions, 
establishing that the daily volume of purchases must not exceed 15% of the volume traded on the MTA 
on the respective day. 
Pursuant to Article 2357-ter of the Italian Civil Code, the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting 
authorised the disposal on the regulated market of own ordinary shares exceeding the actual requirement 
under the same conditions as applied to their purchase and at a price of no less than the reference price 
recorded by the share in the stock market session on the day prior to each single disposal transaction, less 
10%. Alternatively, these shares can be retained for future incentive plans and/or remuneration payable 
upon early termination of employment relationship (severance). 
On 15 September 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo communicated that it concluded, on 14 September 2021, the 
ordinary share buy-back programme launched on 13 September 2021 and announced to the market in the 
press release dated 8 September 2021. 
On the two days of execution of the programme (13 and 14 September 2021), the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
purchased a total of 20,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares through its IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking Division (which was responsible for the programme execution). These represent approximately 
0.10% of the share capital of the Parent Company. The average purchase price was €2.391 per share, for 
a total countervalue of €47,822,401. The parent company purchased 16,787,550 shares at an average 
purchase price of €2.392 per share, for a countervalue of €40,155,587. 
Purchase transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and 
following and 2359-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits of number of shares 
and consideration as determined in the resolutions passed by the competent corporate bodies. Pursuant to 
Article 132 of TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases

--- Page 257 ---
257 
were executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading 
methods laid down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases were arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under Article 
5 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, 
and Articles 2, 3, and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
The number of shares purchased daily did not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2021, which was equal to 68.7 million shares, and 15% of the 
volume traded on the MTA on each of the days when purchases were executed – in accordance with the 
constraint added in the programme to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and restrictions. 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
On 14 October 2021 the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held. The Meeting was 
validly constituted, on single call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the appointed 
representative, in accordance with Article 106 of Decree Law no. 18 dated 17 March 2020, converted by 
Law no. 27 dated 24 April 2020, as subsequently amended, counted 3,317 holders of voting rights 
attached to 10,992,742,757 ordinary shares without nominal value equalling 56.57478% of the share 
capital. The resolutions detailed below were passed. 
Resolutions regarding reserves: 
(a) distribution of part of the Extraordinary reserve for the 2020 results. The Shareholders approved 
the cash distribution of part of the Extraordinary reserve for a total amount of €1,935,274,145.18 
to be assigned to each of the 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares constituting the share capital, 
corresponding to a unit amount of €9.96 cents per share. Votes in favour were 10,983,707,581, 
equivalent to 99.91781% of the ordinary shares represented at the Meeting. This distribution is 
in addition to the €694 million cash dividends approved in April this year and paid out in May, 
and brings to the payment of a total amount for 2020 which corresponds to a payout ratio of 75% 
of the €3,505 million adjusted consolidated net income(1), in line with the 2018-2021 Business 
Plan. The aforementioned distribution of reserves will be subject to the same tax regime as the 
distribution of dividends. The amount not distributed in respect of any own shares held by the 
Bank at the record date shall be kept in the Extraordinary reserve. The distribution took place 
on 20 October 2021, with coupon presentation on 18 October 2021 and record date on 19 
October 2021. Based on the ratio between the aforementioned unit amount and the stock price 
registered on 13 October 2021, the dividend yield is 4%; including in the ratio the unit amount 
of €3.57 cents per share paid out in May this year, the total dividend yield for 2020 is 5.4%; 
(b) placing of a tax suspension constraint on part of the Share premium reserve, following the tax 
realignment of certain intangible assets. The Shareholders also approved the placing of a tax 
suspension constraint for an amount of €1,473,001,006.40 on part of the Share premium reserve, 
following the tax realignment of certain intangible assets in accordance with Article 110, 
paragraphs 8 and 8-bis, of Decree Law no. 104 dated 14 August 2020, as a result of the 
provisions of Article 14 of Law no. 342 dated 21 November 2000 to which the aforementioned 
Decree Law refers. Votes in favour were 10,991,707,581, equivalent to 99.99058% of the 
ordinary shares represented at the Meeting. 
 
 
(1) Excluding the items related to the acquisition of UBI Banca consisting of the effect of the purchase price 
allocation, including negative goodwill, and integration charges, as well as the write-off of goodwill of the Banca 
dei Territori Division from the stated net income.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
Partial demerger of IW Bank S.p.A. in favour of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
and of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
On 28 October 2021 notice was given that, following the authorisation released by the European Central 
Bank in accordance with the regulations in force, on 28 October 2021 the plan for the partial demerger 
of IW Bank S.p.A. in favour of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. and of Fideuram-Intesa 
Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. was filed with the Torino Company 
Register, as provided for by Article 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code. 
The demerger was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 23 November 2021. 
Agreement with Trade Unions with regard to a further 2,000 voluntary exits and 1,100 hires by 2025 
On 16 November 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with Group Trade Delegations FABI, 
FIRST CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN which aims at enabling generational change at no social 
cost while continuing to ensure an alternative to the possible paths for reskilling and redeploying people, 
in the context of adding value for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s people, including through an improved 
work-life balance. 
The agreement identifies ways and criteria to reach the target of 2,000 additional people voluntary leaving 
the Group by 2025, either by retiring or accessing the Solidarity Fund. 
Furthermore, by 2025 the Group will hire people on indefinite-term contracts according to a proportion 
of one hire for each two voluntary exits up to 1,000 people, against the 2,000 additional voluntary exits 
envisaged, and a further 100 people falling under the agreement signed on 29 September 2020. The new 
hires will sustain the Group’s growth and its new activities and are in addition to those envisaged in the 
agreement of 29 September 2020. New hires will be 4,600 in total by December 2025 against 9,200 
people in total leaving the Group by the end of the first quarter 2025. 
2021 EU-wide Transparency Exercise 
On 3 December 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcement made by the European Banking Authority 
regarding the information of the 2021 EU-wide Transparency Exercise. 
Sovereign risk exposure 
As at 30 June 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo Group's exposure in securities to Italian sovereign debt – including 
the insurance business – amounted to a total of €103,651 million, in addition to loans for € 10,130 million. 
The security exposures increased compared to €90,170 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Recent Events 
In a press release dated 3 February 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it has received notification of 
the ECB’s final decision concerning the capital requirement that Intesa Sanpaolo has to meet, on a 
consolidated basis, as of 1 March 2022, following the results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (SREP). 
The overall capital requirement Intesa Sanpaolo has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 
8.81%. 
This is the result of:

--- Page 259 ---
259 
- a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.79% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.79%, of which 1.01% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying the regulatory 
amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
- additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
• 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%, 
• 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.75%, 
• 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.05%19. 
Intesa Sanpaolo’s capital ratios as at 30 September 2021 on a consolidated basis - after the deduction 
from capital of €1,932m of reserves distributed in October 202120, €2,804m of dividends accrued in 9M 
2021 (of which €1,399m paid as an interim dividend in November 2021) and the coupons accrued on the 
Additional Tier 1 issues - were as follows: 
• 
14.3% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio; 
• 
19% in terms of Total Capital ratio, calculated by applying the transitional arrangements 
for 2021; 
• 
13.8% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio; 
• 
18.8% in terms of Total Capital ratio, calculated on a fully loaded basis; 
• 
15.1% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded 
basis21, 
• 
20.3% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The composition of Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors as at the date hereof is as set out below. 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities  
Gian Maria Gros-Pietro 
Chairman 
None 
Paolo Andrea Colombo 
(#) (##) 
Deputy 
Chairperson 
Director of Colombo & Associati S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Humanitas S.p.A. 
 
19 Calculated taking into account the exposure as at 30 September 2021 in the various countries where the Group has 
a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating to 2023, 
where available, or the most recent update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 
1Q 2022). 
20 Net of the portion not distributed to own shares held by Intesa Sanpaolo at the record date. 
21 Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2021, taking into 
account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan adjustments, the first 
time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285m covering the integration and 
rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto 
Banca, as well as the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and DTAs on the acquisition of UBI 
Banca, and the expected distribution on the 9M 2021 net income of insurance companies.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities  
Carlo Messina (*) 
Managing 
Director and 
CEO 
None 
Bruno Picca(#) 
Director 
None 
Rossella Locatelli (##) 
Director 
Director of Società per la Bonifica dei Terreni 
Ferraresi e per Imprese Agricole S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Darma SGR, a 
company in administrative compulsory liquidation 
Chairwoman of B.F. S.p.A. 
Chairwoman of B.F. Agricola S.r.l. – Società Agricola 
Director of CAI – Consorzio Agrari d'Italia S.p.A. 
Livia Pomodoro (##) 
Director 
Director of Febo S.p.A. 
Franco Ceruti 
Director 
Chairman of Intesa Sanpaolo Expo Institutional 
Contact S.r.l. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
Chairman of Società Benefit Cimarosa 1 S.p.A. 
Daniele Zamboni (##)(1) 
(#) 
Director 
None 
Maria Mazzarella (##)(1) 
Director 
None 
Milena Teresa Motta (##) 
(#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Strategie & Innovazione S.r.l. 
Alberto Maria Pisani 
(##)(1) (#) 
Director and 
Chairman of 
the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Maria-Cristina 
Zoppo(##)(#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Newlat Food S.p.A. 
Chairwoman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Schoeller Allibert S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Juventus Football Club 
S.p.A. 
Luciano Nebbia 
Director 
Deputy Chairman of Equiter S.p.A. 
Maria Alessandra 
Stefanelli(##) 
Director 
None 
Guglielmo Weber(##) 
Director 
None 
Anna Gatti(##)(1) 
Director 
Director of Fiera Milano S.p.A. 
Director of WiZink Bank S.A.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities  
Director of WizzAir Holdings PLC 
Fabrizio Mosca(##) (#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Olivetti S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Aste 
Bolaffi S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Bolaffi S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Bolaffi Metalli Preziosi S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of M. Marsiaj & C. S.r.l. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Moncanino S.p.A. 
Roberto Franchini 
(##)(3)(4) (#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Andrea Sironi (##)(2) 
Director 
Chairman of the Board of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of London Stock Exchange 
Group Holding Italia S.p.A. 
______________ 
(*) 
Was appointed Managing Director and CEO by the Board of Directors on 2 May 2019. He is the only executive director 
on the Board. 
(#) 
Is enrolled on the Register of Statutory Auditors and has practised as an auditor or been a member of the supervisory body 
of a limited company 
(##) 
Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Article 13.4.3 of the Articles of Association, the Corporate Governance 
Code and Article 148, third paragraph, of Legislative Decree 24 February 1998 no. 58. 
(1) 
Is a representative of the Minority List 
(2) 
Was appointed as a director at the shareholders' meeting of 27 April 2020, following co-option by the Board of Directors 
on 2 December 2019 
(3) 
Was appointed as a director at the shareholders' meeting of 27 April 2020, replacing Corrado Gatti who had ceased to 
hold office 
(4) 
Minorities representative 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the Issuer's registered office in Piazza 
San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy). 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and to Intesa Sanpaolo's knowledge, no member of the Board of 
Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo is subject to potential conflicts of interest between their obligations arising 
out of their office or employment with the Issuer or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and any personal or other 
interests. 
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee 
compliance with the relevant regulation on board members conflicts of interest. 
Principal Shareholders

--- Page 262 ---
262 
As of 21 December 2021, the shareholder structure of Intesa Sanpaolo was composed as follows (holders 
of shares exceeding 3% (*)). Such figures are updated based on the results from the register of shareholders 
and the latest communications received. 
Shareholder 
Ordinary shares 
% of ordinary shares 
Compagnia di San Paolo 
1,188,947,304 
6.119% 
BlackRock Inc.(1) 
972,416,733 
5.005% 
Fondazione Cariplo 
767,029,267 
3.948% 
_____________ 
(*) 
Shareholders that are fund management companies may be exempted from disclosure up to the 5% threshold. 
(1) 
BlackRock Inc. holds, as a fund management company, an aggregate investment equal to 5.066%, as per form 120 B dated 
4 December 2020. 
Note: figures may not add up exactly due to rounding differences. 
The Italian regulations (Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Finance "TUF") set forth that holdings 
exceeding 3% of the voting capital of a listed company should be communicated to both that company 
and CONSOB. Moreover, under Article 19 of the Consolidated Law on Banking "TUB", prior 
authorisation by the Bank of Italy is required for the acquisition of holdings of capital in banks that are 
either significant or make it possible to exercise significant influence, or confer a share of voting rights 
or capital equal to at least 10%. 
The Italian regulations also set forth the obligation to disclose any agreements between shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 120, paragraph 4-bis, of the "TUF" sets forth the obligation for investors who 
acquire holdings in listed issuers with Italy as home Member State, equal to or above 10% of the relevant 
capital or a lower threshold as defined by CONSOB, to declare the objectives they are pursuing. 
Legal Proceedings 
Disputes relating to anatocism and other current account and credit facility conditions, as well as 
usury 
During 2020, the disputes of this type – which for many years have been a significant part of the civil 
disputes brought against the Italian banking industry did not change significantly either in number or in 
total value of claims made compared to the previous year. Overall, the number of disputes, including 
mediations, with likely risk amounted to around approximately 3,800 (of which 900 for the UBI Group). 
The remedy sought amounted to around 637 million euro (of which 108 million euro for the UBI Group), 
with provisions of 199 million euro (of which 47 million euro for the UBI Group). As is the case for the 
other civil disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, 
taking into account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and case-
law decisions, for each dispute. 
In 2014 and 2016, Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Banking, which governs the compounding of 
interest in banking transactions, was amended with the establishment of the ban on anatocism and the 
delegation of the CICR (Interdepartmental Committee for Credit and Savings) to regulate this matter. In 
February 2017, the Italian Antitrust Authority initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo for alleged 
unfair business practices involving, among other things, the methods used to request the above-mentioned 
authorisation from customers for the charging of the interest to the account imposed by the new

--- Page 263 ---
263 
regulations introduced in 2016. The Authority completed the proceedings in October 2017, ruling that 
Intesa Sanpaolo had implemented an "aggressive" policy aimed at acquiring the authorisation, by 
soliciting customers to provide it through various means of communications and without putting them in 
a position to consider the consequences of that choice in terms of the interest calculation on the 
compounded debt interest. As a result, the Authority issued a fine of €2 million against Intesa Sanpaolo. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has submitted an appeal with the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, on the grounds 
that the ruling was unfounded. The proceedings are still pending. 
Disputes relating to investment services 
Also in this area, the disputes showed a slight downtrend in terms of number compared to the previous 
year. The most significant sub-group was disputes concerning derivatives, which remained substantially 
stable in number and value, but were nevertheless not significant in amount overall. The total number of 
disputes with likely risk for this type of litigation amounted to around 580 (of which 180 for the UBI 
Group). The total remedy sought amounted to around €272 million (of which €87 million for the UBI 
Group) with provisions of €129 million (of which €49 million for the UBI Group). As is the case for the 
other civil disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, 
taking into account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and the 
case-law guidance, for each dispute. The disputes to which the UBI Group is a party also include 
approximately 173 disputes with a remedy sought of €146 million initiated by "wiped out" shareholders 
and subordinated bondholders of the former "Old Banks" of Banca delle Marche, Banca Popolare 
dell'Etruria e del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti, deemed to be of possible risk. 
Judgment of the Court of Cassation on derivatives with local entities 
By way of judgment no. 8770/2020, handed down by its Joint Sections on 12 May 2020, the Court of 
Cassation affirmed the nullity of several OTC derivative contracts (Interest Rate Swaps with upfront 
payments) entered into by an Italian bank and a Municipality, essentially establishing that: 1) the upfront 
payment was a type of new debt resulting in long-term expenditure borne by the entity and, therefore, 
derivative contracts that comprise an upfront payment require the authorisation of the Municipal Council 
(not the Municipal Executive Committee), which, if lacking, shall invalidate the derivatives; 2) swap 
contracts constitute a "legal bet", permitted only in the amount in which these contracts acquire the form 
of a "rational bet", concluded in terms which enable both parties to understand the risks underlying the 
contract, which thus, must indicate the mark to market, implicit costs and probabilistic scenario. 
The decision has been criticised by many authors and several lower courts have already deviated from 
the principles confirmed by the Court of Cassation. 
Nonetheless, in September, two decisions unfavourable to the Bank in this sense were issued: 1) the Court 
of Pavia ordered the Bank to refund approximately 9.3 million euro, in addition to ancillary charges, to 
the Province of Pavia, stating the grounds for the ruling of the Court of Cassation, word-for-word;in 
February the amount of €10.1 million, taken from the specific provision, was paid to the Province of 
Pavia. However, this judgment is currently under appeal; 2) the Court of Appeal of Milan rejected the 
appeal lodged by the Bank in the proceedings promoted by the Municipality of Mogliano Veneto. That 
ruling (which is only partially based on the arguments of the Court of Cassation) confirmed the first 
instance ruling which had ordered the Bank to refund the Municipality €5.8 million, a payment made in 
2018. Both decisions were appealed. 
Moreover, despite referring to a Municipality, the decision contains some general principles on the case 
and the subject matter of the swaps, which could be deemed applicable to all derivative contracts.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
Within this framework, in order to assess the impact of the decision of ongoing disputes in light of the 
evolution of case-law, a specific reassessment was conducted of risks connected with the disputes 
regarding derivative contracts entered into with local entities and, where deemed appropriate, specific 
provisions were allocated. 
Two new disputes were registered: 
- 
the Municipality of Augusta served a writ of summons asking the court to declare the contract 
null and void due to the lack of awareness of the risks and of adequate information on the costs 
and structure of the instrument, and ordering the repayment of €3 million; and 
- 
the Municipality of Cimadolmo initiated a mediation procedure with undetermined value, which 
ended with a negative outcome. 
In addition, the Municipality of Perugia, after initiating a mediation procedure in 2019, served a writ of 
summons asking the court to declare null and void four derivative contracts entered into in 2006. The 
first court hearing was held in May 2021. 
In relation to the dispute brought in December 2013 by the Municipality of Mogliano Veneto concerning 
an IRS collar derivative contract, the Bank lodged an appeal with the Court of Cassation against ruling 
no. 2393 of 28 September 2020 of the Court of Appeal of Milan. This ruling had confirmed the ruling 
issued against the Bank by the Court of Milan in 2017. Lastly, in execution of the judgment in the 
plaintiff's favour delivered by the Court of Pavia on 16 September 2020, in February the amount of €10.1 
million, taken from the specific provision, was paid to the Province of Pavia. However, this judgment is 
currently under appeal. 
As regards the current disputes with companies owned by local authorities and Regional governments, it 
should be noted that, in May, a writ of summons was served by EUR S.p.A., a company held by the 
Ministry of the Economy and Finance and Roma Capitale. In addition to ISP, the company is also suing 
other credit institutions; the disputes concern derivative contracts entered into in relation to a syndicated 
loan. The claimant has claimed the repayment of approximately €57 million. Since the contracts are 
governed by the international ISDA rules, it is possible that the national courts lack jurisdiction.  
Intesa Sanpaolo filed an appearance before the Court raising a number of preliminary objections, 
including: the lack of jurisdiction of the Italian court and the lis pendens and/or international connection 
in view of the claim form submitted by another bank belonging to the pool of lending banks before the 
High Court of Justice of London. In addition, a petition has been filed with the Court of Justice of the 
European Union to verify that the EU legislation is being correctly applied in Italy, in light of Court of 
Cassation ruling no. 8770/2020. The first hearing has been adjourned to 22 November 2021. 
As concerns disputes with private individuals, in May the Bank was ordered to pay approximately €13 
million as part of a dispute concerning currency options brought before the Court of Bologna. The Judge 
considered all the transactions null and void due to the failure to indicate the MTM and the relevant 
calculation formula in the contracts, and referred to the principles set out in the aforementioned ruling of 
the Court of Cassation. The Bank appealed against the ruling, highlighting its errors and inconsistencies, 
and asked to suspend enforcement of the judgment. The Bologna Court of Appeal granted the Bank's 
request and provisionally suspended enforceability of the judgment. The appealed judgment not only 
applies the principles upheld by the Court of Cassation for contracts entered into with public entities to 
derivative contracts entered into with private customers, but fully assimilates the disclosure requirements 
for IRS intermediaries to currency option contracts, without taking into account the difference between 
these two instruments. The Bologna Court of Appeal, in a ruling dated 13 September 2021, confirmed 
the suspension of the provisional enforceability of the first instance ruling, which had ordered the Bank

--- Page 265 ---
265 
to pay around €13 million, in application of the principles set out in the above-mentioned Court of 
Cassation ruling concerning IRSs to the currency options contracts, without considering the difference 
between the two instruments. The order by the Court strengthens the Bank’s defence both, with regard to 
the merits of the case and the risk associated with possible payment. As a result, the Bank is not currently 
obliged to make any payment to the counterparty. 
In general, the case law on this subject remains mixed, with rulings in favour and against the banks. 
Disputes relating to loans in CHF against the Croatian subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb Dd 
As already noted in the previous financial statements, Privredna Banka Zagreb ("PBZ") and seven other 
Croatian banks were jointly sued by the plaintiff Potrošač (Croatian Union of the Consumer Protection 
Association), which claimed - in relation to loans denominated or indexed in Swiss francs granted in the 
past – that the defendants engaged in an unfair practice by allegedly using unfair contractual provisions 
on variable interest rate changed unilaterally by the banks and by linking payments in local currency to 
Swiss francs, without (allegedly) appropriately informing the consumers of all the risks prior to entering 
into a loan agreement. 
In September 2019, the Croatian Supreme Court rendered a ruling in the collective action proceedings, 
rejecting the appeals filed by the sued banks against the High Commercial Court ruling from 2018 and 
confirming the position of courts of lower instance that banks had breached collective interests and rights 
of consumers by incorporating unfair and null and void provisions on the CHF currency clause. The 
decision of the Supreme Court was challenged by PBZ before the Constitutional Court, which rejected 
the claim at the beginning of 2021. 
In connection with the mentioned proceedings for the protection of the collective interests of consumers, 
numerous individual proceedings have been brought by clients against PBZ, despite the fact that most of 
them voluntarily accepted the offer to convert their CHF loans into EUR denominated loans retroactively, 
in accordance with the Act on the Amendments to the Consumer Credit Act (Croatian Official Gazette 
102/2015). 
In March 2020, the Croatian Supreme Court, within a model case proceedings (a Supreme Court 
proceedings with obligatory effect on lower instance courts with the aim of unifying/harmonising case 
law), ruled that the conversion agreements concluded between banks and borrowers under the Croatian 
Conversion Law of 2015 produce legal effects and are valid even in the case when the provisions of the 
underlying loan agreements on variable interest rate and currency clause are null and void. Such decision 
will positively impact the individual proceedings related to converted loans in Swiss francs (or indexed 
to that currency), which should ultimately be settled, then, in favour of the Croatian subsidiary. 
In 2020 the number of individual lawsuits filed against PBZ increased; in any case, at the end of 2020 
the total pending cases still amounted to a few thousand. There is the possibility that additional lawsuits 
might be filed against PBZ in the future in connection with CHF loans. 
The amount of provisions recognised as at 31 December 2020 is reasonably adequate – according to 
available information - to meet the obligations arising from the claims filed against the subsidiary so far. 
The evolution of the overall matter is anyhow carefully monitored in order to take appropriate initiatives, 
if necessary, consistent with any future developments. 
ENPAM lawsuit 
In June 2015 Fondazione ENPAM – Ente Nazionale di Previdenza ed Assistenza dei Medici e degli 
Odontoiatri (ENPAM) sued Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze (subsequently merged into Intesa Sanpaolo),

--- Page 266 ---
266 
along with other defendants including JP Morgan Chase & Co and BNP Paribas, before the Court of 
Milan. ENPAM's claims related to the trading (in 2005) of several complex financial products, and the 
subsequent "swap" (in 2006) of those products with other similar products; the latter were credit linked 
notes, i.e. securities whose repayment of principal at maturity was tied to the credit risk associated with 
a tranche of a synthetic CDO. Due to the defaults on the CDO portfolio, the investment allegedly resulted 
in significant losses. 
In the writ of summons, ENPAM submitted several petitions for enquiries and rulings, in particular for 
contractual and tort liability and breach of Articles 23, 24 and 30 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, 
asking for the repayment of an amount of around €222 million and compensation for damages on an 
equitable basis; the part relating to Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze's position should be around €103 million 
(plus interest and purported additional damages). Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze was sued as the transferee 
of the Italian branch of Cortal Consors S.A. (subsequently merged into BNP Paribas), which had provided 
ENPAM with the investment services within which the above-mentioned securities had been subscribed. 
Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze raised various objections at the preliminary stage (including a lack of 
standing to be sued and the time bar). On the merits, it argued, among other positions, that the provisions 
of the Consolidated Law on Finance cited were not applicable and that there was no evidence of the 
damages. If an unfavourable judgment is rendered, Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze has requested that the 
court determine its internal share of the total liability of the defendants and that the other defendants be 
ordered to hold it harmless. 
In February 2018, the judge ordered a court-appointed expert's review aimed at determining, among other 
matters: 
- 
whether the securities were fit for the purpose indicated in the entity's Charter and Investment 
Guidelines; and 
- 
the difference, if any, between the performance achieved by ENPAM and the performance that 
would have resulted if other investments consistent with the entity's Charter and Investment 
Guidelines had been undertaken (also considering the need for diversification of the risk). 
At the end of the expert review process the judge advocated the settlement of the dispute. A settlement 
agreement involving payment to ENPAM was finalised between the parties in November 2020; Intesa 
Sanpaolo's share was fully covered by the amount that had been set aside the previous year precisely in 
view of a possible settlement. The case was declared dismissed at the hearing on 2 December 2020. 
Florida 2000 
In 2018, Florida 2000 s.r.l. (together with two directors of the company) challenged the legitimacy of the 
contractual terms and conditions applied to the accounts held with the Bank, requesting that the latter be 
ordered to pay back €22.6 million in interest and fees that were not due, plus compensation for damages 
quantified as an additional amount of €22.6 million. 
In its ruling of 25 March 2021, the Court upheld the petition in part, ordering the Bank to repay €638 
thousand, plus interest and costs, and rejecting the request for compensation. The Bank appealed against 
the ruling before the Naples Court of Appeal; the first hearing was scheduled for 5 October 2021.  
Alitalia Group: Claw-back actions 
In August 2011, companies of the Alitalia Group – namely Alitalia Linee Aeree, Alitalia Servizi, Alitalia 
Airport and Alitalia Express – brought five bankruptcy claw-back proceedings against the Bank before

--- Page 267 ---
267 
the Court of Rome (of which one against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze), requesting the 
repayment of a total of €44.6 million. 
When the proceedings were initiated, a line of defence was adopted based mainly on the grounds that the 
actions were invalid due to the vagueness of the claims, that the condition of knowledge of the Alitalia 
Group's state of insolvency (subject first of the Air France plan and then of the subsequent rescue 
conducted by the Italian Government) did not apply, and that the credited items were not eligible for claw 
back, due to the specific nature of the account movements. 
In March 2016, the Court of Rome upheld Alitalia Servizi's petition and ordered the Bank to repay around 
€17 million, plus accessory costs. In addition to being contestable on the merits, the ruling was issued 
before the deadline for filing of the final arguments. 
Accordingly, in the appeal subsequently lodged, a preliminary objection was made regarding the 
invalidity of the judgment, together with an application for suspension of its provisional enforceability, 
which was upheld by order of 15 July 2016 of the Court of Appeal. The final arguments have been filed 
in the case and the judgment is pending. The lawsuit brought by Alitalia Linee Aeree was won in the first 
instance and is in the appeal phase, whereas the lawsuits brought by Alitalia Express and Alitalia Servizi 
against the former C.R. di Firenze were favourably concluded in the first two instances and a time period 
has been set for appealing to the Court of Cassation. For Alitalia Airport, which was also won at first 
instance, the favourable judgment has become final. 
Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. (Extraordinary Administration): Claw-back actions 
In July 2013, Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. filed two bankruptcy claw-back actions before the Court of 
Rome against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Venezia for €2.7 million and against the former Banco 
di Napoli for €33.8 million. 
In both cases, the plaintiff claimed that there was knowledge of the state of insolvency for the entire half 
year prior to admission to extraordinary administration on the basis of media reports, the non-renewal of 
shipping concessions, the absence of state subsidies (because they were considered state aid), and the 
information from the central credit register. 
The claim was quantified on the same basis as the so-called "return of profits" earned on Tirrenia's 
accounts, corresponding to the difference between the maximum debt exposure and the final balance of 
the accounts generated in the half year prior to the declaration of insolvency. The case against the former 
CR Venezia was concluded at first instance in 2016 with an order for payment of €2.8 million and is 
pending an appeal brought by the Bank. In the trial involving the former Banco di Napoli, on the other 
hand, the final arguments were filed in December and the judgment is pending. 
Selarl Bruno Raulet (formerly Dargent Tirmant Raulet) dispute) 
The claim was filed before a French Court in 2001 by the trustee in bankruptcy for the bankruptcy of the 
real estate entrepreneur Philippe Vincent, which made a request to the Bank for compensation of €56.6 
million for the alleged "improper financial support" provided to the entrepreneur. The claim of the trustee 
in bankruptcy has consistently been rejected by the courts of different instance which dealt with the case 
over 17 years, until the Court of Colmar, in May 2018, ordered the Bank to pay compensation of around 
€23 million. The Colmar judgment was appealed before the French Supreme Court of Cassation, which 
in January 2020 overturned and quashed the decision of the Court of Appeal of Colmar and referred the 
matter to the Court of Appeal of Metz.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
Consequently, in the first quarter of 2020, the Bank obtained the refund of around €23 million paid 
according to the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Colmar in 2018. 
At the end of July 2020, the bankruptcy receiver referred the dispute to the Court of Appeal of Metz, 
requesting payment of €55.6 million (equal to the entire amount of insolvency liabilities, minus the 
amount obtained from the sale of the property whose purchase was financed by the Bank). In turn, the 
Bank filed an appearance and challenged the opposing party's claims.  
In a ruling delivered on 27 July 2021, the Metz Court of Appeal partially upheld the receivership’s claim 
for €55.6 million for wrongful granting of credit and ordered the Bank to pay around €20 million, plus 
legal costs of the various instances of the proceedings (amounting to a total of €20.6 million). 
The Court quantified the damage suffered by the insolvency estate as being equal to the loan granted by 
the Bank, less the proceeds from the sale of the asset given as security. 
In the opinion of the external lawyers assisting Intesa Sanpaolo, there are grounds for a revision of the 
ruling. An appeal before the Court of Cassation is therefore being prepared. 
Disputes regarding tax-collection companies 
In the context of the government's decision to re-assume responsibility for tax collection, Intesa Sanpaolo 
sold to Equitalia S.p.A, now the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division, full ownership of Gest 
Line and ETR/ESATRI, companies that managed tax-collection activities, undertaking to indemnify the 
buyer against any expenses associated with the collection activity carried out up to the time of purchase 
of the equity interests. 
In particular, such expenses refer to liabilities for disputes (with tax authorities, taxpayers and employees) 
and out-of-period expenses and capital losses with respect to the financial situation at the time of the sale. 
Overall, the claims made amount to € approximately 80 million. A technical roundtable has been formed 
with the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division in order to assess the parties' claims. 
Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena  
In 2014, Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena ("FMPS") brought an action for compensation for the 
damages allegedly suffered as a result of a loan granted in 2011 by a pool of 13 banks and intended to 
provide it with the resources to subscribe for a capital increase of MPS. The damages claimed were 
allegedly due to the reduction in the market value of the MPS shares purchased with the sums disbursed 
by the banks. In the proceedings, FMPS summoned eight former directors of the Foundation that were in 
office in 2011 and the 13 banks in the pool (including Intesa Sanpaolo and Banca IMI). The banks have 
been charged with non-contractual liability due to their participation in the alleged violation by the former 
directors of the debt-equity ratio limit set in the charter. The claim for damages has been quantified at 
around €286 million, jointly and severally for all the defendants. The defence adopted by the banks 
included the argument that the alleged breach of the aforementioned charter limit did not apply, because 
it was based on an incorrect valuation of the Foundation's balance sheet items. In addition, in the loan 
agreement, FMPS itself assured the banks that the charter limit had not been breached and, therefore, any 
breach of the charter would at most give rise to the sole responsibility of the former directors of the 
Foundation. 
In November 2019, the Court of Florence, before which the trial is currently pending, handed down a 
non-definitive judgment rejecting some preliminary arguments/arguments as to jurisdiction raised by the 
banks, while reserving the parties' preliminary applications for decision. The banks appealed the

--- Page 269 ---
269 
judgment before the Florence Court of Appeal in respect of the rejection of the argument as to lack of 
jurisdiction, finding there to be solid arguments for the judgment in question to be overturned; the first 
hearing for appearance has been set for May 2021. 
The judge of the first instance lifted the reserve to decide the preliminary applications and admitted the 
court-appointed expert witness testimony requested by the Foundation on exceeding the debt limit set by 
the Articles of Association when the loan was granted. The trial was then declared stayed due to the death 
of one of the defendants; the hearing for continuation of the trial has been set for April 2021. The expert 
witness testimony is necessary for a thorough assessment of the risk of the case. At present, the risk may 
be considered possible. 
Gruppo Elifani  
Lawsuit brought in 2009 by Edilizia Immobiliare San Giorgio 89 S.r.l., San Paolo Edilizia S.r.l., Hotel 
Cristallo S.r.l. and the guarantor-shareholder Mario Elifani seeking compensation for damages suffered 
due to alleged unlawful conduct by the Bank for having requested guarantees disproportionate to the 
credit granted, enforced pledge guarantees, applied usurious interest to mortgage loans and submitted 
erroneous reports to the Central Credit Register. The initially claimed amount was approximately €116 
million and the dispute refers to the same circumstances mostly already cited in the disputes regarding 
anatocism and interest in excess of the legal amount brought by the aforementioned companies in 2004 
and settled in early 2014. The lawsuit had a favourable outcome for the Bank in both the first and second 
instances. By order of 27 December 2019, the Court of Cassation partially granted the adverse parties' 
petition, with referral of the matter. The adverse parties resumed the lawsuit before the Milan Court of 
Appeal, quantifying the claim at approximately €72 million, in addition to interest and inflation, and thus 
at a total of approximately €100 million. The hearing for the submission of final arguments has been set 
for January 2022.  
The Bank also has a valid basis for its defence in this stage of the dispute, given that in the previous 
instances of the trial the disputed conduct was essentially found to be correct. At present, the risk of a 
lawsuit is deemed possible, whereas further elements may emerge from the upcoming hearing. 
Energy s.r.l.  
Energy s.r.l., to which the bankruptcy receiver of C.I.S.I. s.r.l. transferred all its rights towards third 
parties, brought a claim before the Court of Rome against Intesa Sanpaolo seeking to quash the revocation 
of the subsidised loan of approximately €22 million granted to C.I.S.I. s.r.l. in 1997 pursuant to Law 
488/92 and a judgment ordering the Ministry of Economic Development, Intesa Sanpaolo (as the 
concessionaire for the procedural application process) and Vittoria Assicurazioni (guarantor of the 
payment of the second instalment of the loan), jointly and severally between them, to provide 
compensation for damages allegedly incurred, quantified at a total of approximately €53 million. The 
company justified its claim by citing a favourable judgment rendered in criminal proceedings originating 
from a complaint filed against C.I.S.I. and its director alleging grave irregularities and breach in the 
execution of the business plan to which the loan referred – proceedings that had led to the revocation of 
the subsidised loan. Intesa Sanpaolo entered its appearance, denying that there was any basis for the 
adverse parties' claims, arguing that all claims for compensation against the Bank had become time 
barred, the claims were groundless on the merits and the damages had been represented inappropriately. 
The first hearing was held and the preliminary statements were exchanged; the hearing for the entry of 
conclusions has been set for March 2021. Previous legal initiatives taken by C.I.S.I. and then by its 
bankruptcy receiver before the administrative and ordinary courts were rejected with regard to Intesa 
Sanpaolo's position (in particular, a claim for compensation against the Bank for alleged damages).

--- Page 270 ---
270 
Despite the favourable outcome of the previous disputes and the defences presented, the risk of the lawsuit 
is currently deemed possible. 
Private banker (Sanpaolo Invest) 
An inspection conducted by the Audit function identified serious irregularities by a private banker of 
Sanpaolo Invest. The checks carried out revealed serious irregularities affecting several customers, 
including misappropriation of funds and reports with false incremental amounts. On 28 June 2019, the 
company terminated the agency contract with the private banker due to just cause and communicated the 
findings to the Judicial Authority and the Supervisory Body for financial advisors, which first suspended 
and then removed the private banker from the Register of Financial Advisors in December 2019. 
Following the unlawful actions, the company received a total of 276 compensation claims (including 
complaints, mediation proceedings and lawsuits), for a total amount of approximately €62 million, mostly 
based on alleged embezzlement, losses due to disavowed transactions in financial instruments, false 
account statements and the debiting of fees relating to advisory service. 
There are currently 173 pending claims, with a present value of approximately €51 million, following the 
resolution of 103 positions (34 settled and 69 withdrawn or resolved by virtue of commercial agreements). 
The total amount of €4.2 million was recovered from the improperly credited customers (and already 
returned to the customers harmed) and there are pending attachments of approximately €4 million. 
A precautionary attachment was ordered against the private banker for an amount equal to the balance 
found in the accounts and deposits held with credit institutions and the social-security position with 
Enasarco. In the ensuing case on the merits, the former private banker filed a counterclaim in the total 
amount of €0.6 million by way of non-payment of indemnity for termination of the relationship. 
Another lawsuit was also brought against former private bankers to recover the claims arising from 
withdrawal from the agency contract, in the total amount of €1.6 million, in addition to interest by way 
of indemnity in lieu of notice, penalty relating to a loan agreement and reimbursement of advances of 
bonuses. 
The company has set aside adequate provisions for the risks associated with the unlawful conduct 
discussed above, in the light of its foreseeable outlays, without considering the cover provided for in the 
specific insurance policy. 
Ruling of the EU Court of Justice of 11 September 2019 on credit agreements for consumers - the 
Lexitor ruling 
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 on credit agreements for consumers states that in the event 
of early repayment of the loan the consumer is "entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, such 
reduction consisting of the interest and the costs for the remaining duration of the contract". According 
to the Lexitor ruling, this provision must be interpreted as meaning that the right to a reduction in the 
total cost of the credit includes all the costs incurred by the consumer and therefore also includes the costs 
relating to services prior to or connected with the signing of the contract (upfront costs such as processing 
costs or agency fees). 
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 has been transposed in Italy through Article 125-sexies of 
the Consolidated Law on Banking, according to which in the event of early repayment "the consumer is 
entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, equal to the amount of interest and costs due for the 
remaining life of the contract". On the basis of this rule, the Bank of Italy, the Financial Banking

--- Page 271 ---
271 
Arbitrator and case law have held that the obligation to repay only relates to the charges that have accrued 
during the course of the relationship (recurring costs) and have been paid in advance by the customer to 
the lender. In the event of early repayment, these costs must be repaid in the amount not yet accrued and 
the obligation to repay does not include the upfront costs. 
Following the Lexitor judgment, the question has arisen as to whether Article 125-sexies of the 
Consolidated Law on Banking should be interpreted in accordance with the principle laid down therein 
or whether the new principle requires a legislative amendment. According to the EU principle of 
"consistent interpretation", national courts are required to interpret the rules in their own jurisdiction in a 
manner consistent with the European provisions. However, if the national rule has an unambiguous 
interpretation, it cannot be (re)interpreted by the court in order to bring it into line with the various 
provisions of a European directive: the principles recognised by European Union law prevent the national 
court from being required to make an interpretation that goes against the provisions of the domestic law. 
In this regard, we note that Article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking is clear in its wording 
and its scope: it states that, in the event of early repayment, the obligation to repay relates only to recurring 
costs and therefore does not include upfront costs. The unambiguity of the scope of the provision is 
confirmed by the fact that – as stated above – it has always been interpreted and applied in this way. 
However, in December 2019 the Bank of Italy issued "guidance" for the implementation of the principle 
established by the EU Court of Justice, to the effect that all costs (including upfront costs) should be 
included among the costs to be refunded in the event of early repayment, both for new relationships and 
for existing relationships. Intesa Sanpaolo has decided to follow the Bank of Italy "guidance", even 
though it believes that the legal arguments set out above regarding the fact that Article 125-sexies of the 
Consolidated Law on Banking cannot be interpreted in a manner that complies with the Lexitor ruling 
are well founded. Accordingly, Intesa Sanpaolo reserves the right to reconsider this operational stance in 
the light of future developments. A provision has therefore been made in the Allowance for Risks and 
Charges corresponding to the estimated higher charges resulting from the decision to follow the Bank of 
Italy "guidance". 
With regard, on the other hand, to disputes relating to terminated relationships, in 2020 the court decisions 
have been discordant and no prevailing case-law has emerged. In view of this and in the light of the legal 
arguments set out above (which will be broadened and included in the defences presented in the above-
mentioned disputes), at this stage there is no evidence to consider that a general negative outcome of this 
type of disputes will be likely. 
In 2020, 1,062 suits were brought concerning early termination of salary-backed loans (417 for the UBI 
Group), for a total remedy sought of €2.6 million (of which €1.1 million for the UBI Group). In 2019, 
924 law suits were brought (382 for the UBI Group), for a total remedy sought of €2.4 million (of which 
€1.1 million for the UBI Group). 
In the half-year, while there were a number of unfavourable rulings, mainly from Justices of the Peace 
there were five judgments in favour of intermediaries. Of particular significance is the ruling of the Court 
of Rome, which held that the Lexitor ruling cannot be directly applied in our legal system in relations 
between private individuals. 
The Parliament approved an amendment inserted in the "Sostegni bis" Law Decree that provides: 
(a) 
as concerns the rules on mortgage lending to consumers, removal of the reference to Article 
125-sexies and insertion of a specific provision on the early redemption of this type of loan, 
limiting repayment to only the interest and costs due for the remaining life of the loan agreement;

--- Page 272 ---
272 
(b) 
as concerns the rules on consumer credit, the amendment of Article 125-sexies, so as to 
implement the principles of the Lexitor ruling, indicating, however, the amortised cost criterion 
as the preferred criterion for calculating repayment; 
(c) 
these provisions only apply to loan agreements signed after the entry into force of the law 
converting the decree. On the other hand, it is specified that loan agreements signed before that 
date continue to be governed by the law as interpreted by the Supervisory and Transparency 
provisions in force at the time of signing. 
Intermediaries will be required to repay the upfront costs for consumer credit agreements concluded 
before the entry into force of the new rule, even if the agreements expired after that date, only within the 
limits, if any, established in the agreement itself. 
As concerns the pending dispute, the adoption of the above-mentioned amendment should induce the 
court to accept the Bank's arguments. However, it cannot be excluded that the plaintiffs may file motions 
with the Constitutional Court or the Court of Justice of the European Union challenging the lawfulness 
of the new legislation. 
Offering of diamonds 
In October 2015, the Bank signed a partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) 
governing how diamond offerings were made by DPI to the customers of Intesa Sanpaolo. The aim of 
this initiative was to provide customers with a diversification solution with the characteristics of a "safe 
haven asset" in which to allocate a marginal part of their assets over the long-term. Diamonds had already 
been sold for several years by other leading national banking networks. 
This recommendation activity was carried out primarily in 2016, with a significant decline starting from 
the end of that year. A total of around 8,000 customers purchased diamonds, for a total of around €130 
million. The marketing process was based on criteria of transparency, with safeguards progressively 
enhanced over time, including quality controls on the diamonds and the fairness of the prices applied by 
DPI. 
In February 2017, the AGCM (the Italian Competition Authority) brought proceedings against companies 
that marketed diamonds, (DPI and other companies), for alleged conduct in breach of the provisions on 
unfair business practices. In April, those proceedings were extended to the banks that carried out the 
recommendation of the services of those companies. 
At the end of those proceedings, on 30 October 2017, the AGCM notified the penalties imposed for the 
alleged breach of the Consumer Code through the conduct of DPI and of the banks which the proceedings 
had been extended to, consisting - in short - of having provided partial, deceptive and misleading 
information on the characteristics of the diamond purchases, the methods used to calculate the price - 
presented as being the market price - and the performance of the market. The Authority issued a fine of 
€3 million against Intesa Sanpaolo, reduced from the initial fine of €3.5 million, after the Authority had 
recognised the value of the measures taken by Intesa Sanpaolo from 2016 to strengthen the safeguards 
on the offering process aimed, in particular, at ensuring proper information was provided to customers. 
Following the order by the AGCM, the Bank paid the amount of the fine and filed an appeal with the 
Lazio Regional Administrative Court against the order. There were no developments regarding this 
appeal during 2020. 
From November 2017, the Bank:

--- Page 273 ---
273 
− 
terminated the partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) and ceased the 
activity, which had already been suspended in October 2017; 
− 
started a process that provides for the payment to customers of the original cost incurred for the 
purchase of the diamonds and the withdrawal of the stones, in order to satisfy the customers' 
resale needs which, due to the illiquidity that had arisen in the market, are not met by DPI; and 
− 
sent a communication in January 2018 to the diamond-holding customers reiterating the nature 
of the stones as durable goods, and confirming the Bank's willingness to intervene directly in 
relation to any realisation needs expressed by the customers and not met by DPI. 
As at 31 December 2020, a total of 6,725 repurchase requests had been received from customers and met 
by Intesa Sanpaolo, for a total value of €114.3 million. with the flow of requests steadily decreasing in 
2020. The valuation of the repurchased diamonds is carried out using the values provided by the IDEX 
Diamond Retail Benchmark, one of the main online trading platforms used in the main markets by over 
7,000 traders. 
In February 2019, an order for preventive criminal seizure of €11.1 million was served, corresponding to 
the fee and commission income paid by DPI to the Bank. The preliminary investigations initiated by the 
Public Prosecutor's Office of Milan also concern four other banks (more involved) and two companies 
that sell diamonds. In October 2019, the notice of conclusion of the investigation was served, which stated 
that two of the Bank's operators were currently under investigation for alleged aggravated fraud (in 
collusion with other parties to be identified) and other persons are being identified for allegations of self-
laundering, while ISP is being charged with the administrative offence pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree 231/2001 in relation to this latter predicate offence. 
In September 2020 the Bank learned from press sources of the conclusion of the preliminary 
investigations by the Milan Public Prosecutor's Office within the framework of an additional pending 
criminal proceeding relating to this affair, in which neither the Bank nor its management board members 
and key function holders/employees have been involved to date. 
For the predicate offence of self-laundering, at the hearing of 1 July 2021, the Preliminary Investigation 
Judge accepted the plea bargain request which Intesa Sanpaolo had submitted solely to bring to an end 
the lengthy legal proceedings and which had been supported by the Public Prosecutor's Office – issuing 
a judgment imposing only a financial penalty of €100,000, and the confiscation of only the sums 
constituting the profit from the offence of self-laundering, calculated at €61,434. 
Disputes arising from the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships of Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in 
compulsory administrative liquidation. 
It is noted that: 
(a) 
based on the agreements between the two banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and 
Intesa Sanpaolo (sale contract of 26 June 2017 and Second Acknowledgement Agreement of 17 
January 2018), two distinct categories of disputes have been identified (also relating to the 
subsidiaries of the former Venetian banks included in the sale): 
(i) 
the previous disputes, included among the liabilities of the aggregate set transferred to 
Intesa Sanpaolo, which include civil disputes relating to judgments already pending at 26 
June 2017, with some exceptions, and in any case different from those included under 
the excluded disputes (see the point below);

--- Page 274 ---
274 
(ii) 
the excluded disputes, which remain under the responsibility of the banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation and which concern, among other things, disputes brought (also 
before 26 June 2017) by shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate bondholders of 
one of the two former Venetian banks, disputes relating to non-performing loans, disputes 
relating to relationships terminated at the date of the transfer, and all disputes (whatever 
their subject) arising after the sale and relating to acts or events occurring prior to the 
sale; 
(b) 
the relevant allowances were transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo along with the previous disputes; in 
any case, if the allowances transferred prove insufficient, Intesa Sanpaolo will be entitled to be 
indemnified by the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, at the terms provided for in 
the sale contract of 26 June 2017; 
(c) 
after 26 June 2017, a number of lawsuits included within the excluded disputes were initiated or 
resumed against Intesa Sanpaolo. With regard to these lawsuits: 
(i) 
Intesa Sanpaolo is pleading and will plead its non-involvement and lack of capacity to be 
sued, both on the basis of the provisions of Law Decree 99/2017 (Article 3), and the 
agreement signed with the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and in 
compliance with the European Commission provisions on State Aid (Decision C(2017) 
4501 final and attachment B to the sale contract of 26 June 2017), which prohibit Intesa 
Sanpaolo from taking responsibility for any claims made by the shareholders and 
subordinated bondholders of the former Venetian banks; 
(ii) 
if there were to be a ruling against Intesa Sanpaolo (and in any event for the charges 
incurred by Intesa Sanpaolo for any reason in relation to its involvement in any excluded 
disputes), it would have the right to be fully reimbursed by the banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation; 
(iii) 
the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation have contractually acknowledged 
their capacity to be sued with respect to the excluded disputes, such that they have entered 
appearances in various proceedings initiated (or re-initiated) by various shareholders and 
convertible and/or subordinate bondholders against Intesa Sanpaolo (or in any case 
included in the category of excluded disputes), asking for the declaration of their 
exclusive capacity to be sued and the consequent exclusion of Intesa Sanpaolo from those 
proceedings; 
(d) 
pursuant to the agreements between the two banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and 
Intesa Sanpaolo, the disputes regarding the marketing of shares/convertible and/or subordinated 
bonds initiated against Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (subsequently merged by incorporation 
into Intesa Sanpaolo) are also included in the excluded disputes (and therefore have the same 
treatment as described above, as a result of the above mentioned provisions and based on the 
criteria set out in the retransfer agreements signed on 10 July 2017, as subsequently 
supplemented). 
The above-mentioned disputes in the excluded disputes include 90 disputes (for a total remedy sought of 
around €94 million) involving claims relating to loans sold to Intesa Sanpaolo and deriving from so-
called "operazioni baciate"; this term refers to loans granted by the former Venetian banks (or their Italian 
subsidiaries Banca Nuova/Banca Apulia) for the purpose of, or in any case related to, investments in 
shares or convertible and/or subordinated bonds of the two former Venetian banks. 
The most recurrent claims relate to:

--- Page 275 ---
275 
(a) 
the violation by the former Venetian banks (or their subsidiaries) of the requirements of the rules 
on investment services; the customers claim that they were induced to purchase the shares on 
the basis of false or misleading information on the product's risk characteristics; and 
(b) 
the invalidity of the "baciata" transaction due to the breach of Article 2358 of the Italian Civil 
Code, which prohibits companies from granting loans for the purchase of treasury shares, except 
in certain limited cases. 
The case law regarding such transactions is still very limited and does not provide a basis for inferring 
the destiny of the loans in question for Intesa Sanpaolo. Among the few judgments that have been 
rendered to date, four voided the loan sold to Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of the part intended for the 
purchase of shares and were or will be appealed. In six cases, the decision was favourable to Intesa 
Sanpaolo, which proved that there was no effective correlation between the loan and equity investment, 
or successfully claimed that it was not liable, since the disputes began after the sale but referred to events 
pre-dating it. 
With regard to the risks arising from these disputes, it should be borne in mind that the sale contract 
establishes the following: 
(a) 
that any liability, charge and/or negative effect that may arise to Intesa Sanpaolo from actions 
disputes or claims made by shareholders and subordinated bondholders constitutes an excluded 
liability under the contract and, as such, must be subject to indemnification by the banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation; and 
(b) 
the obligation of each bank in compulsory administrative liquidation to indemnify Intesa 
Sanpaolo against any damage arising from, or connected to, the violation or non-compliance of 
the representations and warranties issued by the two banks in compulsory administrative 
liquidation with respect to the aggregate set transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo, and, in particular, 
those relating to the full propriety, validity and effectiveness of the loans and contracts 
transferred. 
On the basis of these provisions, Intesa Sanpaolo is entitled to be indemnified by the banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation against any negative effect incurred if these loans are totally or partially 
invalid, unrecoverable, or in any case not repaid as a result of legal disputes. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has already made a formal reservation in this regard to the two banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation for all the loans acquired and arising from loans potentially qualifying as 
"operazioni baciate", even if they have not (yet) been formally contested by customers (see below 
"Initiatives undertaken with respect to the compulsory administrative liquidations"). 
In 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo sent several claims to the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation 
containing 
requests 
(or 
reservations 
of 
the 
right 
to 
make 
subsequent 
requests) 
for 
reimbursement/indemnification of damages already incurred or potentially incurred and violations of the 
above-mentioned representations and warranties, in relation to previous disputes and excluded disputes, 
as well as in relation to the value and recoverability of several assets transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo. To 
enable the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation to perform a more thorough examination of 
the claims made, on several occasions, at the request of the banks in compulsory administrative 
liquidation, Intesa Sanpaolo granted extension (with respect to the contractual provisions) of the deadline 
for contesting the claims made. The deadline for the submission of objections by the compulsory 
administrative liquidation has been extended to 30 April 2022, and no objections have been raised to date.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
In January 2021, the claims regarding the additional charges accrued up to 30 June 2020 were sent to the 
banks which were in compulsory administrative liquidation. 
In this regard, it should also be noted that Paragraph 11.1.9 of the sale contract establishes that "the 
precise and timely payment of any obligations and liabilities assumed in favour of the Bank by Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza and/or Veneto Banca shall be guaranteed by the issuing body i.e. the Ministry of the 
Economy and Finance: (i) with regard to the indemnification obligations assumed by Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza and/or Veneto Banca and relating to the previous disputes, up to the maximum amount of the 
remedy sought for each of the previous disputes as indicated in the case documents, net of the specific 
risk allowances transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo with the aggregate set; and (ii) with regard to the remaining 
obligations and liabilities assumed by Banca Popolare di Vicenza and/or Veneto Banca, up to the 
maximum amount of €1.5 billion" (the "Indemnification Guarantee"). 
This provision is consistent with and implements Article 4, paragraph 1, letter c) of Law Decree no. 
99/2017: the Ministry of the Economy and Finance "grants the Government independent first demand 
guarantee on the performance of the obligations of the entity in liquidation arising from commitments, 
representations and warranties issued by the entity in liquidation in the sale contract, for a maximum 
amount equal to the sum of €1,500 million plus the result of the difference between the value of the past 
disputes of the entities in liquidation, as indicated in the case documents, and the related risk provision, 
up to a maximum of €491 million". 
The Indemnification Guarantee is therefore an essential prerequisite of the sale contract. To date, this 
guarantee has not yet been formalised by a specific Decree from the Ministry of the Economy and 
Finance. The issuance of the guarantee by the government is a required procedure that is envisaged, not 
only by the sale contract of 26 June 2017, but also by the above mentioned Law Decree 99/2017. 
In January 2018, as part of a criminal proceeding before the Court of Rome for the alleged market rigging 
and obstructing the Supervisory Authorities in the performance of their functions with respect to officers 
and executives of Veneto Banca, the preliminary hearing judge decided that Intesa Sanpaolo could be 
charged with civil liability. According to the judge, the exclusion from the sale to Intesa Sanpaolo of the 
debts, responsibilities and liabilities deriving from the sale of shares and subordinated bonds – envisaged 
by Decree Law 99/2017 – would not be objectionable by third parties, while Article 2560 of the Italian 
Civil Code would be applicable in the case in question and Intesa Sanpaolo should therefore take on those 
liabilities. 
As a result of this decision, more than 3,800 civil plaintiffs holding Veneto Banca shares or subordinated 
bonds joined the proceedings. Intesa Sanpaolo, therefore, entered an appearance requesting its exclusion 
from the proceedings, in application of the provisions of Decree Law 99/2017, of the rules established 
for the compulsory administrative liquidation of banks and, before that, of the principles and rules 
contained in the bankruptcy law, in addition to the constitutional principles and decisions made at EU 
level with regard to the operation relating to the former Venetian banks. In turn, Veneto Banca in 
compulsory administrative liquidation intervened voluntarily affirming its exclusive, substantial and 
procedural capacity to be sued. 
In March 2018, the preliminary hearing judge declared his lack of territorial jurisdiction, transferring the 
files to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso. The charge of civil liability and the joinders of the civil 
parties were therefore removed. 
After the case documents were forwarded to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso, the former 
Managing Director of Veneto Banca, Vincenzo Consoli, was committed to trial for the offences of 
market-rigging, obstructing banking supervisory authorities and financial reporting irregularities.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
The Judge for the Preliminary Hearing rejected the motion to authorise the summons of Intesa Sanpaolo 
as a civilly liable party.  
With regard to the criminal proceedings before the Court of Vicenza against BPV senior officers and 
executives, charged with market-rigging, obstructing banking supervisory authorities and financial 
reporting irregularities, last June a ruling was issued against them and BPV in compulsory administrative 
liquidation for corporate liability pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 231/01 (the summons of Intesa 
Sanpaolo for civil liability was rejected). The position of the former CEO Samuele Sorato was excluded 
from the main proceedings due to his poor health. Recently, the Court of Vicenza upheld the request for 
the summons of the bank for civil liability in relation to the charges against Sorato, authorising the 
summons for the hearing of 10 November 2021. In this regard, Intesa Sanpaolo will file an entry of 
appearance requesting its exclusion pursuant to Article 86 of the Code of Criminal Procedure in 
accordance with the provisions of Law Decree no. 99/2017 and of the sale agreement of 26 June 2017. 
In the proceedings relating to the excluded disputes brought for the alleged misselling of BPV shares in 
which Intesa Sanpaolo is also a party, the Court of Florence, by order of 20 July 2021, referred the 
question of the constitutionality of Law Decree 99/2017 to the Constitutional Court. 
Metropolitan City of Rome Capital (formerly the Province of Rome)  
Criminal proceedings are pending before the Rome Public Prosecutor's Office against a former Banca 
IMI manager for co-commission of aggravated fraud against the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital 
(formerly the Province of Rome). 
The proceedings relate to the overall transaction for the purchase by the local authority, through the real 
estate fund Fondo Immobiliare Provincia di Roma (fully owned by the Province of Rome), of the new 
EUR premises. 
The real-estate transaction received financing of €232 million from UniCredit, BNL and Banca IMI (each 
with 1/3). 
The former Banca IMI employee is accused of having misled – with three other managers of the two 
other lending banks, seven managers of the asset management company that manages the provincial fund 
and two public officials – the fund's internal control bodies and representatives of the Province, allowing 
the lending banks to obtain an unjust profit and thus causing significant damages to the public authority. 
In addition, the Public Prosecutor claims that the lending banks and the Fund entered into a loan under 
different, more burdensome conditions than those provided for in the call for tenders held by the public 
entity for the transaction. 
ISP (as the company that absorbed Banca IMI) is investigated in the criminal proceeding pursuant to 
Legislative Decree 231/01 together with the other two lending banks and the real-estate fund management 
company. 
Based on early reconstructions, there is reason to believe that the correctness of the Bank's actions will 
be confirmed. 
Oromare Bankruptcy 
The bankruptcy receiver for Oromare società consortile a r.l. sued UBI in October 2018, claiming that 
banking credit had been unlawfully granted and maintained by the bank to the bankrupt company, seeking 
compensation for damages of €22.5 million.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
The defence counsel of UBI argued that the bankruptcy receiver lacked standing to sue, citing the position 
in case law according to which it is individual creditors, not the body of bankruptcy creditors, who have 
standing to bring an action. It was also emphasised that the disputed loan was granted to support the 
company at a moment of particular growth and balanced financial performance. 
An adverse outcome to the proceedings, which are in the preliminary phase, is possible.  
Eugenio Tombolini SpA bankruptcy receiver and others 
In 2016, Eugenio Tombolini SpA and its shareholders and guarantors sued Nuova Banca delle Marche, 
claiming that it had not fulfilled a restructuring agreement pursuant to Article 182-bis of the Bankruptcy 
Law and that it had applied unlawful interest on current accounts and loans, quantifying its claim at €94 
million. 
The bank entered its appearance, objecting that some of the claimants lacked standing to sue and that it 
lacked standing to be sued in respect of some of the disputed relationships, since they were outside the 
scope of the acquisition. In addition, it was argued that some claims had become time barred and that the 
reconstruction of the facts by the adverse party regarding the restructuring agreement pursuant to Article 
182-bis of the Bankruptcy Act was groundless, as were the claims regarding the interest applied. Nuova 
Banca delle Marche thus requested the authorisation to summon the third party REV Gestione Crediti 
S.p.A. (fully owned by the Bank of Italy) to the proceedings, as it is party to some of the disputed 
relationships. 
The trial, which was suspended due to the bankruptcy of Eugenio Tombolini Spa and of some of the other 
claimants, was resumed. UBI Banca SpA appeared in lieu of Nuova Banca delle Marche and Rev 
Gestione Crediti S.p.a. In June 2020 the Court ordered an accounting expert review, which is still 
ongoing. An adverse outcome to the proceedings is possible. 
Engineering Service Srl 
In 2015, Engineering Service Srl brought a civil suit against the Ministry of Economic Development,BPER 
and UBI regarding the granting of public subsidies to businesses. The claimant accuses UBI (and BPER) of 
delays in managing the approval procedure and disbursements – delays that allegedly resulted in a liquidity 
crisis for the company and the consequent loss of the public contribution. 
A claim for damages for approximately €28 million has been brought against UBI. UBI’s defence 
underscored that the bank was the leader of the temporary consortium formed by BPER and that the 
approval times depended on the latter. UBI then claimed indemnification from BPER. The trial is still in 
the preliminary phase. The risk of a negative outcome is deemed possible. 
Fondazione Cassa Risp. di Pesaro 
In 2018, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca (as 
the alleged successor-in-interest to Banca Marche S.p.A.) and PwC (the auditing firm that certified all 
the financial statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the defendants published 
data and information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca della Marche S.p.A. that 
later proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial statements 
as at 31 December 2010 and 30 June 2011and included in the Prospectus, is claimed to have led the 
Foundation to subscribe for the bank’s shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 2012. The 
value of these shares then fell to zero, resulting in a loss quantified at approximately €52 million. 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by 
UBI, by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for 
Banca delle Marche. The Court rejected all preliminary applications filed and adjourned the case to 8 
June 2021 for the entry of conclusions.

--- Page 279 ---
279 
Abba' Andrea and 207 
This is a dispute pending before the Court of Milan, Business Section, initiated in 2019 by Mr. Abbà and 
207 subordinated bondholders of Banca delle Marche. The claimants seek a declaration voiding the bonds 
and compensation for the damages suffered. The claim has been quantified at approximately €31 million. 
The bank entered its appearance, objecting that it lacked capacity to be sued, arguing in particular that 
the bonds in question were outside the scope of the sale by the Old Bank to the Bridge Entity. UBI also 
argued that the claimant’s claims had become time barred and that the adverse parties lacked capacity, 
since they were not the “first borrowers” and thus by law were not entitled to claim that the original bonds 
were inherently flawed. Finally, the lack of grounds to void the bonds and evidence of the causal 
relationship between the bank’s conduct at issue and the damages was underscored. 
As the manager of the National Resolution Fund, the Bank of Italy intervened in the proceedings, 
upholding the arguments and conclusions formulated by UBI. 
The trial is still in the initial phase, since the preliminary phase has yet to be held.  
Terni Reti s.r.l . 
Lawsuit initiated in July 2020 before the Court of Terni by Terni Reti Sud s.r.l., with share capital wholly 
held by the Municipality of Terni, seeking a declaration voiding the collar derivative contract entered 
into in August 2007 due to the alleged breach of the disclosure obligations applicable to the intermediary 
(former Banca delle Marche). The plaintiff also alleges a lack of abstract and concrete cause of the 
contract at issue, since the Bank purportedly did not share with the Company information regarding the 
mark-to-market and probable scenarios relating to the derivative, but instead allegedly also suggested an 
inefficient derivative, in view of the pursuit of hedging goals in relation to the underlying debt, with the 
consequent deviation from the ‘concrete cause’. 
The bank entered an appearance promptly, arguing on the merits that the plaintiff’s claims were baseless 
since the bank had provided extensive information regarding the characteristics of the derivative in 
question, enabling the customer to make an informed choice about the product subscribed. The claims 
that the contract was allegedly ineffective were also challenged on the basis of the results of the technical 
expert report requested by UBI in conducting its defence. 
The lawsuit is in the initial phase, since the first hearing was held on 15 December 2020.  
Ac Costruzioni s.r.l. 
Proceedings brought by AC Costruzioni S.r.l. (subsequently declared bankrupt) and Cava Aurelio 
(deceased during the trial) against Banca Carime Spa seeking a declaratory judgment establishing 
contractual and/or extracontractual liability of the bank for the revocation of the credit facilities on 
28/05/1998 and a judgment ordering the bank to provide compensation for the damages resulting from 
revocation, quantified at a total of around €33 million. 
The adverse party’s claims were rejected in full by both the Court of Cosenza and the Catanzaro Court 
of Appeal, which upheld the arguments made by the defendant. The judgment of the second instance was 
appealed by Cava’s heirs and then by the receiver to AC Costruzioni by counter-appeal and cross-appeal. 
The proceedings before the Court of Cassation are still in the initial phase, since the hearing has yet to be 
scheduled. 
Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A. in liquidation and bankruptcy 
In January 2018 the receiver to Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.a. (“MBFG”) sued the former

--- Page 280 ---
280 
directors and statutory auditors of Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A, its auditing firm and UBI Banca 
(as the company that absorbed Centrobanca), seeking a judgment ordering compensation for alleged 
damages suffered due to the many acts of mismanagement of the company while in good standing. 
According to the claimant’s arguments, Centrobanca, which was merged into UBI, continued to provide 
financial support to the parent company of the bankrupt company (Mariella Burani Holding S.p.A.), 
despite the signs of insolvency that began to show in September 2007, causing damages quantified at 
approximately €94 million. 
On a preliminary level, the bank argued that the receiver lacked capacity to sue since the disputed loan 
had been disbursed to the parent company of Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.a.; moreover, the alleged 
damages for which the receiver claims compensation were argued to have been in fact sustained by the 
company’s creditors (and not by the procedure). 
As regards the merit of the claims, the bank stressed that it had acted properly and the borrower in good 
standing was solely liable since it bore exclusive responsibility for preparing the untrue financial 
statements, circulating the misinformation and continuing to operate the company in an alleged state of 
insolvency. 
Fondazione Cassa Risparmio di Jesi 
In January 2016, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca 
(as the alleged successor-in-interest to Banca Marche S.p.A.) and PwC (the auditing firm that certified 
all the financial statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the defendants 
published data and information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca della Marche 
S.p.A. that later proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial 
statements as at 31 December 2010 and 30 June 2011 and included in the Prospectus, is claimed to have 
led the Foundation to subscribe for the bank’s shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 2012. 
The value of these shares then fell to zero, resulting in a loss quantified at approximately €25 million. 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by 
UBI, by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for 
Banca delle Marche. 
By a judgment rendered on 18 March 2020, the Court of Ancona granted the objection of lack of capacity 
to be sued raised by the bank, rejecting the claims lodged. The appeal filed by the Foundation is currently 
pending before the Ancona Court of Appeal. 
Melania Group S.p.A. 
Proceedings brought by Melania Group and its guarantors in 2015 claiming unlawful suspension of credit 
and improper reporting to the Central Credit Register and seeking compensation for damages suffered 
quantified at €38 million. The claimants also sought the reversal of the interest accrued on the current 
accounts held by the company due to exceeding the “threshold rate”. When entering its appearance, the 
bank motioned the court to reject the claims formulated and lodged a counterclaim by virtue of the debt 
balances in the Melania Group’s name. By judgment in December 2019, the Court of Ancona rejected 
the compensation claims formulated by the adverse party, granting the bank’s counterclaim in a lesser 
amount than sought. The appeal initiated by UBI (which absorbed Banca Adriatica) is pending, with the 
first hearing scheduled for April 2021. 
Isoldi Holding bankruptcy receiver 
The receiver to Isoldi sued UBI (which absorbed Nuova Banca Etruria and Centrobanca) and five other 
banks in June 2020, claiming that they were liable, jointly and severally with the management body of 
Isoldi Holding, for a series of acts of diversion of assets that are claimed to have contributed to the

--- Page 281 ---
281 
company’s artificial survival in the period June 2011 – June 2013. The scheme is claimed to have been 
implemented by preparing a turnaround plan pursuant to Article 67, para. 3, letter d), of the Bankruptcy 
Law based on unlawful acts and a connected agreement governing the disbursement of new finance, acts 
that are argued to have artificially deferred the company’s crisis and concealed the irrevocability of its 
default. The total damages claimed amount to approximately €33.5 million. UBI Banca entered its 
appearance, claiming that it lacked capacity to be sued with regard to the claims bearing on Banca Etruria, 
since the circumstances in question are excluded from the sale. REV Gestione Crediti (fully owned by 
the Bank of Italy) joined the proceedings. 
Labour litigation 
There were no significant cases of labour litigation from either a qualitative or quantitative standpoint as 
at 30 June 2021. In general, all labour litigation is covered by specific provisions adequate to meet any 
outlays. 
Contingent assets 
As for contingent assets, and the IMI/SIR dispute in particular, it should be recalled that following the 
final judgment establishing the criminal liability of the corrupt judge Metta (and his accomplices Rovelli, 
Acampora, Pacifico, and Previti), the defendants were ordered to pay compensation for damages, with 
the determination of those damages referred to the civil courts. Intesa Sanpaolo then brought a case before 
the Court of Rome to obtain an order of compensation for damages from those responsible. 
In its ruling of May 2015, the Court of Rome quantified the financial and non-financial damages for 
Intesa Sanpaolo and ordered Acampora and Metta – the latter also jointly liable with the Prime Minister's 
Office (pursuant to Law no. 117/1988 on the accountability of the judiciary) – to pay Intesa Sanpaolo 
€173 million net of tax, plus legal interest accruing from 1 February 2015 to the date of final payment, 
plus legal expenses. The amount ordered took account of the amounts received in the meantime by the 
Bank as part of the settlements with the Rovelli family and with the counterparties Previti and Pacifico. 
In July 2016, the Rome Court of Appeal stayed the enforcement of the judgment of first instance with 
respect to the amount in excess of €130 million, in addition to ancillary charges and expenses, and 
adjourned the hearing of the final pleadings to June 2018. As a result of this decision, in December 2016 
the Office of the President of the Council of Ministers credited Intesa Sanpaolo with the sum of 
€131,173,551.58 (corresponding to the €130 million of the order, in addition to legal interest and 
reimbursement of expenses). To avoid dispute, only the exact amount of the order, without applying the 
gross-up, was demanded and collected. On 16 April 2020, the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Rome was 
filed, which essentially upheld the Court's ruling, while reducing the amount of non-financial damages 
to €8 million (compared to €77 million that had been quantified by the court of first instance), and set the 
amount to be paid at €108 million, to be considered net of tax, plus legal interest and expenses. 
In the second quarter of 2020 the bank filed a petition for the correction of a material error contained in 
the finding regarding the calculation of the damages liquidated; the Court of Appeal rejected the bank's 
petition by ruling filed on 7 December 2020. Intesa Sanpaolo will therefore file an appeal to the Court of 
Cassation against the decision of the Court of Appeal in regard to the quantification of the non-financial 
damage and the erroneous calculation of the financial damage, for which an application for correction 
was filed. 
In a ruling filed on 5 June 2020, the Lazio Regional Tax Commission – Third Section rejected the appeal 
filed by the Italian Revenue Agency in the matter of registration tax (€10.3 million) against the ruling 
issued by the Court of Appeal of Rome on 7 March 2013, upholding the ruling of the Court of First 
Instance and ordering each party to pay its own costs. The Italian Revenue Agency did not appeal to the 
Court of Cassation within the time limit and so the appeal ruling in favour of the Bank has become final.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
The tax refunded by the Italian Revenue Agency during 2018 can be considered to have been definitively 
acquired by the Bank. 
Furthermore, as concerns the proceedings on the merits of the case, in May the Bank filed an appeal with 
the Court of Cassation against the Rome Court of Appeal's ruling of 16 April 2020. The appeal relates 
primarily to two aspects: 
- 
the reduction in non-financial damages made by the Court of Appeal is devoid of any sound 
legal or logical reasoning; and 
- 
apart from the reduction in non-financial damages, the Court made a miscalculation when 
redetermining the total damages awarded to the Bank. 
Tax litigation 
The Group's tax litigation risks are covered by adequate provisions to the allowances for risks and 
charges. No new cases of significant amounts arose in the first half of the year. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Parent Company Intesa Sanpaolo had 733 proceedings pending (687 as at 31 
December 2020) for a total amount claimed (taxes, penalties and interest) of €150 million (€139 million 
as at 31 December 2020), considering both administrative and judicial proceedings in both the lower and 
higher courts. 
The increase in the value of tax litigation is mainly due to the dispute concerning the former UBI Banca 
(€7.7 million), which was transferred to the Parent Company following the merger, and to new disputes 
over municipal property tax on property lease contracts terminated without repossession of the assets 
(€2.6 million). 
In relation to these proceedings, the actual risks were quantified for Intesa Sanpaolo at €62 million as at 
30 June 2021 (€57 million as at 31 December 2020). 
With regard to the pending disputes, as to the dispute with the Brazilian Tax Administration (amount in 
dispute of approximately €35 million), on income taxes and social security contributions related to the 
year 1995, of the company Banco Sudameris Brasil (now Banco Santander Brasil), it should be noted 
that the civil court of first instance issued in April its judgment which, while accepting in part some of 
the Bank's objections, found on the whole in favour of the Brazilian Tax Administration. The judgment 
was appealed on 10 May 2021, and the case is now pending in the court of second instance. According 
to local advisors, the likelihood of an adverse ruling in relation to the interest component (approximately 
€21 million) is remote. On the other hand, the provision for taxes and penalties (amounting to a total of 
€13.6 million of the deposit recognised within the assets in the balance sheet) has been increased 
prudentially from 25% as at 31 March 2021 to 50% of that amount, thus setting aside a total of €6.8 
million in the provision for risks. 
With reference to the dispute regarding registration tax on rulings ordering the Bank to return compound 
interest (so called interessi anatocistici) and maximum overdraft charges to customers - for which the 
Bank believes that a fixed registration tax of €200 is due under Article 8(1) (e) of the Tariff annexed to 
Presidential Decree no. 131/86 and the Note to point (b) of the same article (i.e. under the principle of 
alternativity VAT registration tax) - an initial judgment was issued by the Court of Cassation in June. 
The judgment, the grounds of which are debatable in many respects, unexpectedly upheld the principle 
that tax applies at the proportional rate of 3%, supporting a restrictive interpretation of Article 8(1)(e) of 
the Tariff and stating that said article is only applicable in cases where the entire contract, and not 
individual clauses, is declared invalid/voidable in judicial proceedings. As concerns the applicability of

--- Page 283 ---
283 
the principle of alternativity VAT registration tax, the Court of Cassation referred the matter back to the 
lower court for an assessment of the matter since, in this specific case, this aspect had been always 
subsumed in all lower court proceedings. Given the prevalence of favourable rulings in the various 
instances of the case, and the fact that the Court of Cassation has not yet ruled on the Bank's last objection, 
there are still valid reasons to continue the dispute. 
With regard to the merged company Mediocredito Italiano ("MCI"), and to the Tax Audit Report served 
on 13 October 2020 disputing the VAT exemption under Article 8-bis of Presidential Decree 633/72 for 
tax year 2015, applied by the company to boat leases, the Italian Revenue Agency - Lombardy Regional 
Directorate - Large Taxpayers Office has served the notice of tax assessment. Discussions are currently 
under way with the Italian Revenue Agency to settle not only the recently notified assessment for tax 
year 2015, but also the amounts claimed for tax year 2014 in a previous tax dispute. To this end, the Bank 
and the Italian Revenue Agency jointly requested postponement of the hearing before the Milan 
Provincial Tax Commission scheduled for 22 June, which has been postponed to 5 October. 
As to disputes settled during the period, it should be noted that a ruling by the Court of Cassation 
definitively annulled an earlier notice of assessment (avviso di rettifica e liquidazione) of registration tax 
on the sale in 2008 by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. of a business line to Credito Piemontese S.p.A. (now 
Credito Valtellinese S.p.A.). The total amount of the claim is approximately €1.7 million and, as a result 
of the favourable ruling, the provisional payment made during the proceedings will be refunded. No 
provision had been set aside for this case. 
With regard to the Intesa Sanpaolo branches located abroad, two VAT audits on the London branch are 
under way, the first for the years 2016, 2017 and 2018 and the second for 2020. Three audits are also 
under way on the New York branch for 2015, 2016 and 2018. No claims have been made for the time 
being. 
The audit on the Madrid branch for the year 2015 ended with a tax assessment by the tax authorities 
disputing the deductibility of intercompany costs of €2.2 million and charging €93 thousand of tax, plus 
interest of €17 thousand and penalties of €20 thousand. The branch decided to accept the tax assessment. 
By notice dated April 2021, the Madrid Revenue Agency also started a tax audit for the year 2016 
concerning income tax on the Madrid branch of the merged company UBI Banca, which had been closed 
down on 31 December 2018. In their first contact on 5 July 2021, the Spanish tax officials requested a 
large number of accounting and tax documents, which will be delivered by our local advisors in the 
coming weeks. 
At the level of the Group's other Italian companies, tax disputes totalled €72 million as at 30 June 2021 
(€63 million as at 31 December 2020), covered by specific provisions of €10 million (unchanged from 
31 December 2020). 
The increase in disputes compared to the end of 2020 mainly relates to new disputes that arose in the first 
half of 2021 for Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. and Cargeas Assicurazioni S.p.A., net of closed 
disputes of Provis S.p.A. (€1 million) and disputes of the former UBI Banca which, as a result of the 
merger, are now included in the figures of the Parent Company. 
As to Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking, on 29 April 2021 notices were served for the assessment of IRES 
and IRAP taxes for tax year 2016. The amount deducted by the company and now disputed by the 
Lombardy Regional Revenue Directorate for tax year 2016 is the same amount already adjusted for 2015, 
of €12.1 million, corresponding to higher IRES of €3.3 million and IRAP of €0.7 million, plus interest, 
and penalties (total amount €8.2 million); The assessments relate to the deduction (in 2011 and the 
following years) of the amortisation charge for the goodwill arising from the transfers of the private

--- Page 284 ---
284 
banking business lines of Intesa Sanpaolo and Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì e della Romagna in 2009, 
Banca di Trento e Bolzano and Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze in 2010 and Cassa di Risparmio Pistoia e 
Lucchesia and Cassa di Risparmio dell'Umbria in 2013, which had been realigned by the transferee in 
accordance with Article 15, paragraph 10, of Law Decree 185 of 29 November 2008. The dispute 
currently concerns the years from 2011 to 2016 and the total amount claimed by way of tax, penalties 
and interest is €51 million. According to the opinion issued on 17 June 2021 by the advisor assisting the 
Bank in the cases pending before the Court of Cassation, the risk of an adverse ruling is classified as 
"possible", since the lawfulness of realigning the tax value of the goodwill newly generated for the 
transferee – something which in the past was done by other Group companies without incurring in tax 
disputes – has been expressly acknowledged by the Italian Revenue Agency in Circular no. 8/E of 2010 
and is consistent with the provisions of Article 15, paragraph 10 of Law Decree 185/2008. 
Cargeas Assicurazioni S.p.A., an insurance company acquired by Intesa Sanpaolo Vita on 27 May 2021, 
underwent a tax audit by the Italian Revenue Agency, Lombardy Regional Directorate, Large Taxpayers 
Office, aimed at verifying the correct application, for the years from 2010 to 2018, of the tax rules on 
private insurance and life annuity contracts pursuant to Law no. 1216 of 29 October 1961. 
As a result of the audit, the authorities claimed that redundancy insurance policies (which are mandatorily 
associated with loans secured by the assignment of one-fifth of salary and optional with other mortgages, 
loans and consumer credit), should not be subject to tax on insurance premiums at a rate of 2.5%, but 
should be classified as credit risk insurance policies, subject to a tax rate of 12.5%. 
The Revenue Agency maintains that although the risk insured (on the basis of which the premium is 
determined with statistical/actuarial criteria) is the loss of employment, redundancy policies should be 
charged the 12.5% rate applicable to credit risk insurance, given that the ultimate aim of the policy is to 
protect the lending institution's interest in collecting its credit. 
The dispute is nothing new for the insurance industry; in fact, insurance companies have been maintaining 
that the Agency's reasoning is unsubstantiated and biased for years now. ANIA has also recently given 
its opinion on the matter through circular no. 0082 of 5 March 2021 (which refers to circular no. 127 of 
21 April 2005), pointing out that the Agency's position produces a series of unsystematic and abnormal 
consequences which certainly do not reflect the intention of the legislator in Law no. 1216, and diverge 
from the guidance of the financial administration itself which, on this point, had supported application of 
the 2.5% rate in circular no. 29/E of 2001. 
After the audit, on 25 May 2021 Cargeas received an assessment notice for 2010 claiming an additional 
tax of €1.7 million, €0.6 million in interest and €3.4 million in penalties, equal to 200% of the assessed 
tax (minimum penalty prescribed by law), for a total of €5.6 million. The dispute was referred to an 
advisor for drafting of the appeal, which is currently being finalised. The legal advisors are studying the 
case to determine whether the potential charges arising from this dispute can be recovered in whole and/or 
in part from the seller, Cardif / BNP Paribas. Moreover, for the reasons clearly stated by ANIA, the risk 
of incurring a liability is considered possible. Lastly, a preliminary analysis was conducted on Cargeas 
to determine the potential impact of the dispute on all the years potentially subject to assessment: for the 
entire period 2011-2018 (the analysis is under way for the period 2019-2021) the total potential additional 
tax in the event of tax assessment would be €2.9 million and the potential penalties would amount to €5.8 
million (plus interest). 
Lastly, with regard to the same case, Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura received the following two questionnaires 
in April 2021: the first for 2012 and 2013 for the former Bentos Assicurazioni, merged into Intesa 
Sanpaolo Assicura in December 2013; the second for 2012 for Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
To date, the questionnaires have not been followed by any tax assessments by the Agency. According to 
the initial checks carried out, the potential impact of the dispute on Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura for all the 
years potentially subject to assessment would be of a small amount (less than €1 million). 
The tax disputes involving foreign subsidiaries are of small amounts and are covered by provisions as to 
75% of the risk. In particular, these are disputes having a total value of €8 million (€9 million at the end 
of 2020) for which provisions of €6 million have been set aside (€7 million at the end of 2020). 
Alexbank has two pending tax audits concerning corporate income tax, referring to tax year 2018, and 
stamp duty, referring to tax year 2019. At present no claims have been put forward. In addition, there is 
a pending dispute concerning the non-payment of stamp duty by the Bank's branches for a total value of 
approximately €3.3 million for tax periods 1984 – 2008. The potential liability has been fully covered by 
provision. 
A tax audit on Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil S.A. - Banco Multiplo is also under way, conducted by Sao Paulo 
City Municipality in relation to tax years 2016 and 2017. No tax assessment notices have been issued yet, 
but the company's accounting and financial documents have been requested.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
REGULATORY SECTION 
Changes in regulatory framework 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the 
Italian Securities and Exchange Commission ("CONSOB"), the European Central Bank (the "ECB") and 
the European System of Central Banks and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board 
("SRB"). Certain entities within the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are also subject to supervision by the Italian 
Institute for the Supervision of Insurance and the Issuer is also subject to rules applicable to it as an issuer 
of shares listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. The banking laws to which the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is 
subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of 
legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the European Union that may affect the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group, including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
"Basel Committee"). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory 
framework being implemented at the European Union level, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has in place 
specific procedures and internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital 
adequacy, the prevention and detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency 
and fairness in customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of 
these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, 
which could adversely affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's results of operations, business and financial 
condition. In addition, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been 
recently approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
The CRD IV Package 
The Basel III framework began to be implemented in the EU from 1 January 2014 through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD 
IV") and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR" and together with the 
CRD IV, the "CRD IV Package"), Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313. The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRRII) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 ("CRD V"). 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of 
time (the requirements have been largely fully effective by 2019 and some minor transitional provisions 
provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the EU Banking Reform 
Package (as defined below) are provided in the paragraph "Revisions to the CRD IV Package" below. 
In Italy the CRD IV has been implemented by Legislative Decree no. 72 of 12 May 2015 which impacts, 
inter alia, on: 
(i) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions' holdings, shareholders and members of the 
management body requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 CRD IV);

--- Page 287 ---
287 
(ii) 
competent authorities' powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 102 and 104 
CRD IV); 
(iii) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 
71 CRD IV); and 
(iv) 
administrative penalties and measures (Articles 64 and 65 CRD IV). 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular 
of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the "Circular No. 285")) which came into force on 
1 January 2014, and has been amended over time in order to implement, inter alia, the CRD IV Package 
and set out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised at EU level. Circular No. 
285 has been constantly updated after its first issue, the last update being the 37th update published on 24 
November 2021. The CRD IV Package has also been supplemented in Italy by technical standards and 
guidelines relating to the CRD IV and the CRR finalized by the European Supervisory Authorities 
(ESAs), mainly the EBA and ESMA, and delegated regulations of the European Commission and 
guidelines of the EBA. 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following own 
funds requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital 
ratio of 6%; (iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8% and; (iv) a leverage ratio of 3%. According to Articles from 
129 to 134 of CRD IV, these minimum ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers to be 
met with CET1 capital, reported below as applicable with reference to December 2021: 
- 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of 
the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285, as amended in October 
2016); 
- 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer ("CCyB"): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% 
- 2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other 
Member States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent 
authority considers that the conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual 
introduction from 1 January 2016 and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant 
national authorities judge the credit growth excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV 
and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and 
decided to maintain, the CCyB (relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for 
the first quarter of 2022; 
- 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which the globally systemically 
important institutions ("G-SIIs") are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a 
G-SII buffer of 1% of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) 
of the CRR and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of at least 
0.5 % of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR. 
G-SIBs is determined according to specific indicators (size, interconnectedness, lack of 
substitutes for the services provided, global cross border activity and complexity); to be phased 
in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, 
Section IV of Circular No. 285) becoming fully effective on 1 January 2019. Based on the most 
recently updated list of G-SIIs published by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") on 23 
November 2021, neither the Issuer (nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) is a G-SIB 
and therefore they do not need to comply with a G-SIB capital buffer requirement (or leverage 
ratio buffer); and

--- Page 288 ---
288 
- 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level ("O-SIIs"): (the 
category to which Intesa Sanpaolo currently belongs): up to 3.0% as set by the relevant 
competent authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such 
banks represent to the financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, 
Chapter 1, Section IV of Circular No. 285). Recently, the Bank of Italy identified Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as an O-SII authorised to operate in Italy in 2022 and has imposed on the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group a capital buffer for O-SII of 0.75%, to be achieved according to a transitional 
period, as follows: 0.75% from 1 January 2021 and at 0.75% from 1 January 2022. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV each Member State may 
introduce a systemic risk buffer in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or 
macro- prudential risks not covered by the CRD IV Package. The Italian authorities have not introduced 
such a measure to date. 
On 28 April 2021, the Bank of Italy released a consultation paper containing some proposed amendments 
to Circular No. 285. The Italian regulator is proposing, inter alia, to introduce a systematic sectorial risk 
buffer, pursuant to Article 133 of the CRD IV. In order to identify an appropriate subset of sectorial 
exposures to which apply a systematic risk buffer, the Bank of Italy also announced its intention to 
comply with and, thus, implement the EBA "Guidelines on the appropriate subset of sectorial exposures 
to which competent or designated authorities may apply a systematic risk buffer in accordance with 
Article 133(5)(f) of the CRD IV" of 30 September 2020. Although the public consultation ended on 28th 
June 2021, the date of the final approval and entrance into force of the amended Circular No. 285 with 
regard to the systemic sectorial risk buffer is still uncertain. Depending on the outcome of the public hearing, 
additional capital requirements may result. 
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above (the "Combined Buffer 
Requirement") may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum 
Distributable Amounts ("MDA") and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or 
take remedial action (Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV). 
As part of the CRD IV Package transitional arrangements, as implemented by Circular No. 285, 
regulatory capital recognition of outstanding instruments which qualified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
instruments under the framework which the CRD IV Package has replaced that no longer meet the 
minimum criteria under the CRD IV Package are gradually being phased out. Fixing the base at the 
nominal amount of such instruments outstanding on 1 January 2013, their recognition was capped at 80% 
in 2014, with this cap decreasing by 10% in each subsequent year (see, in particular, Part Two, Chapter 
14, Section 2 of Circular No. 285). The same principle applies under Luxembourg law pursuant to Article 
17 of the former CSSF Regulation N°14-01 (with respect to 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017) and Article 12 
of CSSF Regulation N°18-03. 
A further rule introduced by the CRRII, applicable in respect of liabilities issued before 27 June 2019, 
allows for the “grandfathering” of instruments as, respectively, Additional Tier 1 instruments, Tier 2 
instruments and eligible liabilities, even if they do not fully comply with certain requirements of the 
CRRII. This treatment is available until 28 June 2025 at the latest. 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the "LCR"). This is a stress liquidity 
measure based on modelled 30-day outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 
October 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions 
(the "LCR Delegated Act") was adopted in October 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union in January 2015. On 10 October 2018, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were 
published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 of 13 July 2018)

--- Page 289 ---
289 
and has applied as of April 2020. Most of these amendments are related to the entry into force of the new 
securitisation framework on 1 January 2019. The Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") is part of the Basel 
III framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer time horizon (1 year) by creating incentives 
for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on an on-going basis. The NSFR 
has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and is applicable from June 
2021. 
Revisions to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to 
further strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the "EU Banking Reform Package). 
The EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the 
BRRD and the SRM Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals were agreed by the 
European Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission and were published in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the 
provisions are applicable as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the new 
provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(i) 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement 
pending the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) 
published in January 2019 by the BCBS and then the application of own funds requirements as 
of 1 January 2023; 
(iii) 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop 
to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
(iv) 
a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance 
their long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding 
(liabilities) in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the 
amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities 
and regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. 
The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating 
that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year 
period under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at 
individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless competent authorities 
waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the date of entry 
into force of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(v) 
Changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(vi) 
Improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the "EU Banking Reform Package" regarding the banking 
sector have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the 
amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards

--- Page 290 ---
290 
exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments proposed better 
align the current regulatory framework to international developments in order to promote consistency 
and comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, 
excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V and 
BRRD II shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which 
will be applicable subsequently. On 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021, 
implementing the BRRD 2, was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 
2021. 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded 
the review process of the models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for 
the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and 
introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on 
the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the 
basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among 
banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The 
new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. Prior to becoming 
binding on the European banking system, the European Commission, which conducted a public 
consultation (closed on 3 January 2020) is assessing the potential impacts on the European economy. 
In August 2021, the European Commission required the EBA to update its assessment in the light of 
COVID-19, which was published in December 2020. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes 
also amendments to CRD IV, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II (CRR III). In particular, the 
CRR III legislative initiative aims at implementing in the EU the 2017 Basel Accord and further elements 
not included in such international framework contributing to financial stability and to the steady financing 
of the economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. This general objective can be broken 
down in four more specific objectives: 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital 
requirements overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools;  
(iv) 
to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to 
institutions prudential data; and 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible 
for internal MREL (i.e. "daisy chain approach"). 
Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process 
(European Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the 
Union, these regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine 
changes in the capital calculation and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the 
European Banking Authority (EBA), published in December 2019 upon request of the European 
Commission, shows that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase

--- Page 291 ---
291 
minimum capital requirements (MCR) by 23.6 per cent., resulting in a capital deficit of €124 billion. On 
21 August 2020, the EBA was requested by the European Commission to update further its Basel III 
impact study and published the new impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is 
presented under two implementation scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the previous 
Call for Advice (CfA) reports (the Basel III scenario); the second one (the "EU-specific scenario") 
considers the additional features requested by the European Commission in its CfA, i.e. applying the 
SME supporting factors on top of the Basel SME preferential risk weight treatment; maintaining EU 
credit valuation adjustment (CVA) exemptions; exercising the jurisdictional discretion contemplated in 
the Basel III framework to exclude the bank-specific historical loss component from the calculation of 
the capital for operational risk (internal loss multiplier (ILM)=1). Under the Basel III scenario, the 
steady-state implementation of the overall reform scheduled for January 2028 could increase the 
minimum required capital (MRC) amount, which includes Pillar 2 requirements and EU-specific buffers, 
by +18.5% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. Under the EU-specific scenario, steady-state 
implementation of the final Basel III framework (i.e. 2028) could increase the MRC amount by +13.1% 
with respect to the December 2019 baseline. 
The EBA has been conducting regular and ad-hoc quantitative impact studies to assess or monitor the 
impact of various rules on the EU banking sector. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III 
framework on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the BCBS 
(Basel III Monitoring Exercise). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory developments 
at BCBS level in the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking 
systems; (b) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the leverage ratio 
framework and disclosure requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) 
Tier 1 capital shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital 
amount that banks need to fulfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373 concerning information required for the monitoring 
of Basel supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021 (EBA Decision), the Basel III Monitoring 
Exercise, which is currently only being carried out on a small sample of credit institutions and on a 
voluntary basis, should be extended to a broader and stable set of credit institutions. In particular, in order 
to ensure consistency, accuracy and completeness of the data provided, G-SIIs and O-SIIs, as well as 
credit institutions whose Tier 1 capital equals or exceeds €3 billion, or total assets equal or exceeding €30 
billion, should be included in the sample. 
Pursuant to EBA Decision, as of 31 December 2021, the Basel III Monitoring Exercise will become 
mandatory and will be carried out on an annual basis only. 
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for 
market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (ITS) introduced uniform reporting templates, the 
template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT 
solutions for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the

--- Page 292 ---
292 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a 
reporting requirement. Based on the ITS submitted by the EBA, the European Commission adopted the 
Implementing Regulation no. 2021/453/EU of 15 March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III 
framework (known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, 
including: 
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB 
approach and the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used; 
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be 
calculated only by using a new standardised approach; 
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets 
("RWA") generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the 
standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 
2022, with the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 
72.5% as of 1 January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested 
implementation date for the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") has been postponed by 
the Basel Committee to January 2022 to allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and 
align the implementation date with the other Basel IV reforms. 
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV and 
the EU Banking Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which 
represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have the potential to impact the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's business and operations. These initiatives include, amongst others, a revised EU 
securitisation framework. On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") which entered into force in January 2019, while a number 
of underlying regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the EBA and European 
Securities and Markets Authority are being adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes 
to the existing securitisation framework in relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due 
diligence requirements, the introduction of an adverse selection test for certain assets and a new 
framework for so-called "simple transparent and standardised securitisations" which will receive 
preferential capital treatment subject to a number of conditions. 
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") published its final Total Loss-Absorbing 
Capacity ("TLAC") Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs maintain significant minimum 
amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to liabilities excluded from 
TLAC, such as guaranteed insured deposits, derivatives, etc. and which forms a new standard for G-SIBs. 
The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of G-SIBs in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in the form

--- Page 293 ---
293 
of an internationally agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum TLAC 
requirement for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) and 18% of RWA 
(as of 1 January 2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement (as of 1 January 
2019), and 6.75 % (as of 1 January 2022). Liabilities that are eligible for TLAC include capital 
instruments and instruments that are contractually, statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain 
"excluded liabilities" (including insured deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down 
or converted into equity by relevant authorities) in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of 
compensation claims or successful legal challenges. 
With a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking Reform 
Package and the BRRD II introduce minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL") applicable to G-SIIs (global systematically important institutions) with the TLAC standard 
and to allow resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G- SIIs 
comply with a supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of a given 
G-SII. Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has been identified as a G-SIB 
in the 2019 list of global systematically important banks published by the FSB on 11 November 2020. 
The BRRD II includes important changes as it introduces a new category of banks, the so-called top-tier 
banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group 
whose total assets exceed €100 billion. ISP is a top-tier bank for this purpose. At the same time, the 
BRRD II introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a "Pillar 1 MREL 
requirement") which applies to G-SIIs and also top-tier banks. In addition, resolution authorities will be 
able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top- tier banks comply with a 
supplementary MREL requirement (a "Pillar 2 MREL requirement"). A subordination requirement is 
also generally required for MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD II, but exceptions apply. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the 
BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL 
requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments senior management of the bank and employees 
take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 12 March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the On 12 
March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the "CB Directive 
Proposal") laying down the conditions that these bonds have to respect in order to be recognised under 
EU law and a proposal for amendments to art. 129 of the CRR, concerning the prudential treatment of 
covered bonds. The CB Directive Proposal together with amendments to art 129 of the CRR have been 
approved and published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019. Member States have an 18 month 
period to implement the directive. The CB Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by 
means of Legislative Decree 5 November 2021, No. 190 which modified Law 30 April 1999, No.130 and 
entered into force on 1 December 2021. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision 
of credit institutions (the "SSM Regulation") for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism 
(the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or "SSM"). The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, in 
conjunction with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States,

--- Page 294 ---
294 
with direct supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. 
"Banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of 
its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its 
total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant 
credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance 
from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is 
considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in 
more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant 
part of its total assets/liabilities. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been 
classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group pursuant to 
the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 
(the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the 
ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo and 
its subsidiaries, for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money 
laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is 
exclusively responsible for the prudential supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which includes, inter 
alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of 
holdings; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; 
(iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the conditions 
provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal 
capital adequacy assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of 
a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise options and 
discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "BRRD") entered 
into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity 
of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an 
institution's failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and 
powers which may be used alone (except for the asset separation tool) or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of 
business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all 
or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly 
or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets 
to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with 
another resolution tool only) and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write-down 
certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims 
into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer ownership, instruments 
that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and 
instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the "general bail-in

--- Page 295 ---
295 
tool"). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any exercise of such powers 
by a resolution authority under the BRRD. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership at the point of 
non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non- viability loss absorption"). The point 
of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution 
meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or 
its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down/converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments issued 
by an institution under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date 
on which the interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to 
restrict the termination rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member 
State, after having assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible 
whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. Resolution authorities may provide public equity support to an 
institution and/or take the institution into public ownership. Such measures must be taken in accordance 
with the EU state aid framework and will require a contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and 
creditors via write-down, conversion or otherwise, in an amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities 
(including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support 
to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of 
newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In 
the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond 
holders contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
The BRRD requires all EU Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund (reaching a 
level of at least 1 % of covered deposits by 2024). The national resolution fund for Italy was created by 
the Bank of Italy on 18 November 2015 in accordance with Article 78 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 
implementing the BRRD (the "National Resolution Fund") and required both ordinary and 
extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and investment firms, including the Issuer. In the 
Eurozone, the national resolution funds set up under the BRRD were complemented by the Single 
Resolution Fund in the relevant Member State (the "SRF" or the "Fund"), set up under the control of the 
SRB, as of 1 January 2016 and the national resolution funds are being pooled together gradually. The 
SRF is intended to ensure the availability of funding support while a bank is resolved and will contribute 
to resolution if, and only after, at least 8 % of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank have 
been subject to bail-in. The SRF is expected to reach a target of around €70 billion (the basis being 1 per 
cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the Eurozone). Once this target level is 
reached, in principle, institutions will have to contribute only if the resources of the SRF are used up in 
order to deal with resolution action taken by the relevant authorities. The BRRD has been implemented 
in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative 
Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the "BRRD Decrees"), both of which were published in 
the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 
is a stand-alone law which implements the provisions of BRRD relating to resolution actions, while 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Law (Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended) and deals principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes 
to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Decrees entered into force on 16 November, 2015, save that: (i) the

--- Page 296 ---
296 
bail-in tool applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a "depositor preference" granted for deposits other than 
those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SME's applied 
from 1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution 
authorities may not exercise the bail-in powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds 
or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to 
any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that 
exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD 
specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, 
holders of Securities of a particular Series may be subject to write-down/conversion upon an application 
of the general bail-in tool while other Series of Securities (or, in each case, other pari passu ranking 
liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such application of the general bail-in tool. Further, 
although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon application of 
resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the incurrence by 
shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of the relevant 
tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. It is therefore 
possible not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may have been 
excluded from the application of the general bail-in tool and therefore the holders of such claims receive 
a treatment which is more favourable than that received by holders of Securities, but also that the 
safeguard referred to above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders 
of such fully or partially excluded claims. This is due to the fact that the safeguard is not intended to 
address such possible unequal treatment but rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur 
greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a resolution tool) than they would have received in a 
winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 
44(2)(g) of the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to 
employees benefit from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured 
creditors in the context of liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States 
modify their national insolvency regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and 
medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes 
created pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the 
ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD 
does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide 
other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred 
creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission 
of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution as well as compulsory liquidation procedures by 
providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee 
scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will benefit from a preference in respect of senior 
unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for individual/SME 
deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European 
Parliament, the Council and the European Commission agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. 
As part of this process Article 108 of the was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States 
were required to adopt and publish relevant laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to 
comply with the amendment to the creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new 
class of so called "Senior Non-Preferred Debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive 
(EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD 
as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has 
been implemented with the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the Consolidated Banking Act.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory 
rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any 
creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Securities will have 
expressly waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which they might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Securities, it is clear that the statutory 
right of set-off available under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As indicated above, holders of Securities may 
be subject to write-down/conversion into shares or other instruments of ownership on any application of 
the general bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also established that institutions shall meet, at all times, their MREL requirement. Under 
Article 45 of the BRRD, MREL is to be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities 
expressed as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package included Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as "BRRD II"). BRRD II provides that Member States are 
required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating 
to the implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional period 
for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a 
linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst 
other things: 
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, 
the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions; 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that 
are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(iv) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (Decree No. 193), implementing 
the BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 
(Decree no. 180) and the Banking Law. 
The provisions set forth in the Decree No. 193 includes, among other things: 
(i) Changes to the MREL regulatory framework

--- Page 298 ---
298 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory framework 
regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determinated, to the provisions set forth in 
BRRD II. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined 
by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria: 
(a) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to 
meet the resolution’s objectives; 
(b) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-
in tool or write¬down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, looses could 
be absorbed and that it is possibile to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage 
ratio to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for 
authorisation, according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan 
envisages the possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to 
be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(c) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(d) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due 
to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the 
financial system. 
(ii) New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Banking Law has been modified by Decree No. 193 to transpose into the Italian 
legislative framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not 
qualify (and no part thereof is recognised) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items 
(including any instruments only partly recognised as own funds items) and junior to senior non-preferred 
instruments. Moreover, if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank 
senior to own funds items but junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
The abovementioned provisions also applies to instruments issued before the entrance into force of 
Decree No. 193, such as 1 December 2021. 
(iii) New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Banking Law, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination of a 
minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 
200,000 for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for Senior Non 
Preferred debt instruments ("strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello").  
Any contracts entered into with non professional investors and relating to investment services having as 
their object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Banking Law issued after 1 December 
2021, that do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter 
of the Financial Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193).

--- Page 299 ---
299 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in 
force on the placemement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non qualified investors has been 
repealed by Article 5 of Decree No. 193. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the Regulation establishing the Single Resolution 
Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the 
"SRM Regulation") entered into force. The SRM Regulation became operational on 1 January 2016. 
There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and 
provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2015. The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the EU Banking Reform 
Package in June 2019. The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined above), applies to 
all banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRM 
II Regulation") amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, 
there will be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of 
banks being supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD II 
described above, revisions to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to 
change in due course. 
In such a context, it is worth to mention the process to review – started by the European Commission in 
November 2020 – the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance ("CMDI") framework. Following this 
revision, new and different legal and regulatory requirements may apply to the Group, in particular the 
intention of the European legislator is to amend the BRRD, the SRMR and the Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes Directive ("DGSD"). 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce the amount of non-performing 
exposures in banks balance sheets within adequate levels, the following are worth mentioning: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to the 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL guidance 
contains recommendations and lays out the bank's approach, processes and objectives regarding the 
effective management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all non-performing exposures ("NPEs"), 
as well as foreclosed assets, and touches on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning non-
performing, such as "watch-list" exposures and performing forborne exposures. According to the 
guidance, the banks need to establish a strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self 
assessment of the internal capabilities to effectively manage; the external conditions and operating 
environment; and the impaired portfolios specifications. 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to nonperforming exposures 
(NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the "ECB Addendum"). In addition, the ECB's bank-specific supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 2018), was set out in its 2018 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from 
these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future SREP exercises.

--- Page 300 ---
300 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning 
of new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the adoption of 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) as regards minimum loss 
coverage for non-performing exposures published in the Official Journal of the EU on 25 April 2019, 
also known as the "Pillar 1 Backstop Regulation", which introduces Pillar 1 provisioning requirements, 
following principles similar to those already guiding the finalisation of the ECB Addendum. 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the 
European Commission's requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). Therefore the above mentioned 
guidelines result in three "buckets" of NPEs based on the date of the exposure's origination and the date 
of NPE's classification: 
- 
Loans classified as NPEs before 31 March 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in paths 
as communicated in SREP letters; 
- 
Loans originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows) and classified as NPEs after 31 
March 2018: 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable 
property/secured by immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured 
by an official export credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation 
of 100% is applicable to export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status; 
- 
Loans originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows) and then classified as NPEs: 
3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by 
immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official 
export credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% is 
applicable to export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status. 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published 
by the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four 
policy actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the 
development of secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. An 
updated Action Plan was published in December 2020. 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 31 
October 2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks 
in place to manage effectively their non-performing exposures (NPEs) and to substantially reduce the 
presence of NPEs on the balance sheet. Only for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5 per 
cent., the EBA asked to introduce specific strategies, in order to achieve a reduction of NPEs, and 
governance and operational requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 17 
December 2018: in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced disclosure requirements 
and uniform disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' public disclosure of information 
regarding nonperforming exposures, forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-
performing exposures for loans originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction from own funds 
where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The Regulation's purpose is 
to encourage a timely and proactive management of the NPEs. Loans are divided in vintage buckets of 
3/7/9 years and a progressive coverage path is applied for each bucket. A 100% coverage is applicable

--- Page 301 ---
301 
to: (i) unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures secured by 
immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as defined in 
CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured exposures, from the seventh 
year after the classification as NPE. 
Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral 
(COM/2018/0135): the proposal is aimed to achieve (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing the 
efficiency of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated 
extrajudicial collateral enforcement procedure (AECE); (ii) the development of secondary markets for 
NPLs in the EU's markets by harmonizing the regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers. 
The European Commision finalized and published on 8 December 2021, in the Official Journal of the 
European Union, the Directive no. 2021/2167 on credit services and credit purchasers (NPLs Directive). 
The NPLs Directive enteres into force on the twentieth day following that of its publication in the Official 
Journal (i.e. 28 December 2021) and is expected to be implemented by the Member States by 29 
December 2023. 
The part of the Directive related to the AECE mechanism remains not adopted. 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by the EBA 
on 23 October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 
(Securitisation Regulation) to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints 
imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of 
NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the European Commission, the EBA outlined the fact that the 
securitisations can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and 
larger rate than otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations' 
structure in tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse 
investor pool with a different Risk Appetite. 
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of 
non-performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE securitisations by assigning different 
risk weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the European Parliament at the end of March, on 6 
April 2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/557 which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation 
and Regulation (EU) 2021/558 amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the 
securitisation framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis were 
published on the Official Journal of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 
2021. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling NPLs. 
In order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks' balance sheets as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the European Commission proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further 
develop secondary markets for distressed assets (in particular by finalizing the Directive on credit 
servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral; establishing a data hub at European level and 
reviewing the EBA templates to be used during the disposal of NPLs); (ii) reform the EU's corporate 
insolvency and debt recovery legislation; (iii) support the establishment and cooperation of national asset 
management companies at EU level; (iv) introduce precautionary public support measures, where needed, 
to ensure the continued funding of the real economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive and State aid frameworks. 
To further improve the transparency and efficiency of secondary market for NPLs, on 16 June 2021 the 
European Commission released a public consultation aimed at identifying and gathering information on

--- Page 302 ---
302 
remaining obstacles to the proper functioning of secondary markets for NPLs as well as possible enabling 
actions that could be taken to foster these markets by improving the quantity, quality and comparability 
of NPL data. The public consultation ended on 8 September 2021. 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial 
market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian Banking 
Association ("ABI") and the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension 
was extended to loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and 
medium-sized companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment 
instalments may be requested to be suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The 
suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the 
issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the 
suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an 
agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to credit to 
households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and unsecured 
loans repayable in instalments. 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial 
markets, issued four recommendations in the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market 
disclosure, (3) financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
1. 
Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be 
ready to apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory 
obligations. 
2. 
Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in 
accordance with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), 
as a disclosure obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which 
issuers are required to disclose to the public without delay any inside information directly 
concerning them. 
3. 
Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and 
potential impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative 
assessment on their business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 
year-end financial report if these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial 
reporting disclosures. 
4. 
Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements 
on risk management and to react accordingly. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set 
of monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in 
the banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer-term refinancing operations (LTROs); 
second, protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration 
of targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing tightening of financing 
conditions for the economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP).

--- Page 303 ---
303 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms during 
the period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that time. 
Throughout this period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 25 basis points below the 
average rate applied in the Eurosystem's main refinancing operations. 
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of 
€120 billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase 
programmes. On 18 March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the €750 billion Pandemic 
Emergency Purchase Program (PEPP), increased with a further €600 billion on 4 June 2020. 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM), 
published the first supervisory response to provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. 
According to the ECB statements: i) banks are allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital 
defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the liquidity coverage 
ratio (LCR) to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages also 
national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB); iii) banks are 
allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital 
to meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier 2 instruments; iv) 
banks will discuss with the ECB further individual measures, such as modified timetables, processes and 
deadlines (e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); v) flexibility will be granted for the application 
of the ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans to adjust to bank's specific situation due to 
COVID-19. 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological 
emergency due to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) was 
adopted. The Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding 
of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and 
strengthen the intervention of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of 
transforming the DTA relating to losses that can be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the amount 
of the ACE ("Aiuto alla Crescita Economica") notional return exceeding the total net income, to the 
extent of 20 per cent. of the impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 
12 March 2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised 
banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the COVID-19 related 
economic shock to the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ on the measures adopted 
with the aim of updating it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommended to: 
- 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by 
extending to them the preferential treatment foreseen in its Guidance for NPLs for loans 
guaranteed or insured; 
- 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
- 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting 
issues due to the COVID-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and 
governments to address the situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the 
definition of default (DoD) and forbearance/past-due classifications of loans.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation 
to the exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in accordance 
with IFRS 9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the prudential 
framework concerning: 
- 
the classification of exposures in default; 
- 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
- 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures. 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, 
clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne 
exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case of 
adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments. 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related 
disclosure requirements, in particular, as regards the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for 
credit agreements (e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) 
under the principles set forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing 
the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers (the 
"Public Statement"). The Public Statement provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by 
ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance of providing relevant and reliable information, which may 
require issuers to make use of the time allowed by national law to publish half-yearly financial reports 
while not unduly delaying the timing of publication; ii) the importance of updating the information 
included in the latest annual accounts to adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in 
particular in relation to significant uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-financial 
assets and presentation in the statement of profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information 
on the past and expected future impact of COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, 
performance of issuers as well as any mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the 
pandemic. The Public Statement was conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other 
interim periods when IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, 
administrative and supervisory bodies, including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, their 
auditors, to take due consideration of the recommendations included within the statement.". 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and 
Heads of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of 
banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact 
of the COVID-19 on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of 
the outstanding Basel III standards: 
- 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028; 
- 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023;

--- Page 305 ---
305 
- 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 
2018 has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant 
banks to refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for 
the duration of the economic shock related to COVID-19. The ECB has decided to extend the 
recommendation on dividends until 1 January 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2020/35 that 
repeals the previous Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of 27 March 2020. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and 
share buy-backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or 
conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. Given the persisting 
uncertainty over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expects dividends and share 
buy-backs to remain below 15 per cent. of the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not higher than 20 
basis points of the CET1 ratio. Banks that intend to pay dividends or buy back shares need to be profitable 
and have robust capital trajectories. They are expected to contact their Joint Supervisory Team to discuss 
whether the level of intended distribution is prudent. The recommendation remained valid until the end 
of September 2021. On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to extend dividend recommendation beyond 
Septemeber 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2021/31. In particular, the ECB considered that 
the reduced economic uncertainty allows the thorough supervisory assessment of the prudence of bank’s 
plans to distribute dividends and conduct share buybacks on an individual basis with a careful forward-
looking assessment of capital plans in the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 1 April 2020 the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the 
Expected Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done 
before, for applying the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the 
First Time Application (FTA) capital impact of the new accounting principle. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by legislative 
and non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged that Member 
States have implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the medium- and long-
term economic impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of this, the EBA 
Guidelines clarify several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do not automatically trigger 
the classification as forborne or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable 
national law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant 
credit institutions. In June 2020, the EBA further extended the application date of its Guidelines by three 
months, from until 30 September 2020, and on the 21 September, communicated its phasing-out. 
However, on 2 December 2020 the Guidelines were reactivated until 31 March 2021. 
On 29 January 2021, the EBA published the "Report on the implementation of selected COVID-19 
policies", which contains a series of clarifications in the form of questions and answers (Q&A) on the 
interpretation of the EBA Guidelines, in particular with regard to the overall duration of the deferred 
payment to fall within the scope of the EBA Guidelines on moratoriums. However, the clarifications did 
not concern the hypothesis in which the moratorium pursuant to law, even if granted before 31 September, 
was extended for more than 9 months due to a subsequent law. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity Decree) was 
issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in 
addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules 
for accessing, by including also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well

--- Page 306 ---
306 
as increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree 
(provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further 
exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 
December 2020. The Government is going to extend such measures until 31 December 2021 (the 
prorogation will be provided by the Law Decree of the end of April 2021). 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to 
ease banking activity during the COVID-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and 
businesses. 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of 
COVID-19 related developments, and they imply: 
- 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in 
the markets and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held 
in the portfolio available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
- 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate 
measures to avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the 
period January 2020 and December 2021); 
- 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the 
calendar provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar 
provisioning applied to credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
- 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME Supporting 
Factor; ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved weighting 
calibration for loans guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential 
treatment of software; 
- 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks' 
capital (IFRS9 phase-in arrangements); 
- 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks ("G-SIB buffer"); 
- 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
- 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another 
EU Member State. 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the "CRR 
Quick-Fix" has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force the 
following day (27 June 2020). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") was 
published in the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and 
economic support, as well as social policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-
19. 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 
December 2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
Particular reference is made to two public tools: "Patrimonio PMI" fund, which is aimed at subscribing 
new bonds issued by SME corporates with €10 million turnover, which have been impacted by COVID-
19 a turnover reduction of 33 per cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to other 
investors <20 per cent. of the investment> in such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated which 
have suffered losses <50 per cent. of the losses which exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, but in the 
limit of the 30 per cent. of the capital increase>); and the so called "Patrimonio rilancio" (Dedicated assets 
within CDP) which is aimed at subscribing new bonds (mainly convertible bonds) and shares in order to 
support the real economy. 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree "August" (Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 
104, converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent measures in support of 
health, work and economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law 
regard the extension of the moratorium for SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) 
and, for tourist sector, until 31 March 2021. Such prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly 
waived by the beneficiary company. They also provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, 
Law Decree Cura Italia No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs into tax credits (application to special regimes, 
such as consolidated and transparency). The decree above mentioned also widens the scope of the public 
guarantee, too, extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies which already got a prorogation of the 
guarantee due to temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including financial intermediation and 
holding financial assets activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It also extends SACE guarantee scope also 
to companies admitted to the arrangement procedure with business continuity (or certified plans and 
restructuring agreements) if their exposures are not classifiable as non performing exposures (at the date 
of submission of the application), they don't present amounts in arrears and the lender can reasonably 
assume the full repayment of the exposure at maturity. 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the "Relieves" Law Decree (Law 
Decree 28 October 2020, No. 137) and the "Relieves 2" Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, No. 
149) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and 
production sectors, justice and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by the 
Law are a non-refundable aid for enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the prorogation of 
"rental" Tax credit to October-December period and extension to enterprises with turnover exceeding €5 
million and which have had a 50 per cent. reduction of turnover. In March 2021, the Council of Ministers 
approved the "Support" Law Decree (Law Decree 22 March 2021, No. 41) which provides further urgent 
measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production sectors linked to COVID-19 
pandemic. Such decree introduces a new non-refundable aid for enterprises and professionals which have 
had a 30 per cent. reduction of turnover. 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital 
Markets Recovery Package proposal (so-called "quick fix") published by the European Commission in 
July, which proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as well as the 
Securitization Regulation. The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to face 
the crisis emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As to MiFID II, the proposal includes targeted amendments on: i) investor protection, ii) commodity 
derivatives and iii) research regime for SMEs. 
As to Prospectus Regulation, the amendments introduced in particular a new type of short-form 
prospectus to facilitate the raising of capital in public markets. 
As to Securitization Regulation, in addition to a review of the regulatory constraints to the securitisation 
of NPEs, the amendments in particular also extends the preferential treatment to all synthetic on-balance

--- Page 308 ---
308 
sheet securitisation that fulfil the simple, standardised and transparent (STS) criteria in order to help 
banks free up capital and promote the financing of the real economy, in particular to SMEs. 
Amendments to the Prospectus Regulations – approved by the European Parliament on 11 February 2021 
and included in Regulation (EU) 2021/337 – entered into force on 18 March 2021. 
The MiFID amendments, voted on 11 February 2021 as well, as being part of Directive (EU) 2021/338, 
should have been transposed into national laws by 28 November 2021 and are to be applied from 28 
February 2022. 
Finally, following the vote by the European Parliament at the end of March 2021, on 6 April 2021, 
Regulation (EU) 2021/557, which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation, and 
Regulation (EU) 2021/558, amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the 
securitisation framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis, were 
published on the Official Gazette of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 
2021. 
Green Finance Regulation 
The banking system needs to be able to collect high quality data on companies' sustainable activities and 
projects to contribute to the radical transformation towards climate neutrality and sustainability, which 
are the basis for green finance decision-making and necessary to ensure that the banks shall comply with 
the regulations on the disclosure of financial and non-financial information. 
The EBA Action plan on the implementation of the ESG risks in the prudential framework aims to amend 
the European legislation not before 2025. In May 2018, the European Commission published a package 
of legislative measures in order to promote a sustainable finance in line with the objectives of its action 
plan of March 2018. In such context, the European Commission has started preparatory works in order 
to amend MiFID II. In such regard, ESMA submitted technical advice on sustainable finance to the 
European Commission. 
The Non-Financial Reporting Directive (Directive (EU) 2014/95 – NFRD), came into effect on 1 January 
2017. It requires large corporates, banks, and insurance companies with more than 500 employees to 
publicly report on ESG matters including employment, board diversity, human rights, anti-corruption and 
bribery. On 20 February 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation with a view to 
align the non-financial reporting requirements with the EU legislation in the area of ESG disclosure (e.g. 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (as defined below) and the EU Taxonomy Regulation). On 
21 April 2021, the Commission published a proposal for the review of the NFRD. The new Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive proposes to extend the scope to listed companies (excluding listed 
microundertakings) and large companies; introduces the requirement to report according to common EU 
sustainability reporting standards envisaging specific standards for listed SMEs and a transition period 
of three years since the application of the Directive; requires mandatory assurance of the reported 
information that should be published as part of the company's management report and in machine 
readable format. 
On 9 December 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability ‐ related disclosures in the financial 
services sector (SFDR - Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation) has been published, which lays 
down harmonised rules for financial market participants and financial advisers on transparency. 
On 9 March 2020, the European Commission Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance (TEG) 
published its final report on the taxonomy, following the public consultation launched after the 
publication of the June 2019 report. The EU Taxonomy Regulation, which is part of the Action 1 of the

--- Page 309 ---
309 
Action Plan on financing sustainable growth published on 8 March 2018 by the Commission, aims to 
establish a unique classification system for the economic activities which can be classified as sustainable. 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 June 
2020 and entered into force on 12 July 2020. The European Commission adopted a first delegated act on 
climate change mitigation and adaptation in April 2021. As second delegated act for the other four 
environmental objectives – sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, transition to 
circular economy, pollution prevention and control, and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and 
ecosystems, will be published in 2022. 
On 6 July 2021, the delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation was adopted 
by the European Commission for scrutiny by the colegislators. This delegated act specifies the content, 
methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial undertakings 
concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in their business, 
investments or lending activities. 
Together with EU Taxonomy final report, TEG has released a guide for how to use the EU's Green Bond 
Standard (EU GBS). The document incorporates several updates related to the political agreement on 
Taxonomy reached in December 2019 by the Commission, Council and European Parliament, and the 
Green Deal launched by the Commission. The EU GBS regulation is included in Commission's initiatives 
set out in Action 2 of the Action Plan, which envisages to create standards and labels for green financial 
products. In July 2021, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for EU GBS. 
On 12 March 2020, CONSOB has drawn attention to the current investor protection safeguards applicable 
to intermediaries that provide investment services, when they address clients with an offer characterized 
as sustainable. 
On 8 April 2020, European Commission launched a public consultation to collect opinions in relation to 
the Commissions renewed strategy on sustainable finance, until now based on the Action Plan on 
financing sustainable growth published on 8 March 2018. The aim of the Commission is to reach a 
proposal for the implementation of a new strategy on sustainable finance in June 2021. Additionally, the 
Article 20 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation creates a "Platform on sustainable Finance", an advisory body 
composed of experts from the private and public sector that will provide advice to the European 
Commission on the technical screening criteria for the EU Taxonomy and will monitor and report on 
capital flows towards sustainable investments. 
On 23 April 2020, the three European Supervisory Authorities (EBA, EIOPA and ESMA - ESAs) have 
published a Consultation Paper seeking input on proposed ESG disclosure standards set out under the 
SFDR, aiming to: (i) strengthen protection for end-investors; (ii) improve the disclosures to investors 
from a broad range of financial market participants and financial advisers; and (iii) improve the 
disclosures to investors regarding financial products. 
The consultation document provided concrete proposals for the content, methodologies and presentation 
of sustainability disclosures regarding: i) principal adverse impact disclosure (negative, material or likely 
to be material effects on sustainability factors that are linked to investment decisions and advice 
performed by the legal entity), ii) pre-contractual product disclosures, iii) website product disclosures 
and iv) product periodic disclosures. The three ESAs published the final draft of the Implementation 
Technical Standards on February 2021 and the European Commission is expected to adopt them in 3 
months. As the SFDR applies from 10 March 2021, the ESAs issued a joint declaration on 25 February 
2021 offering guidance to financial market participants (e.g. banks, investing firms, insurance companies) 
for application of the draft ITS in the interim period until the formal adoption by the European 
Commission.

--- Page 310 ---
310 
On 20 January 2021, the European Commission opened a targeted consultation on the establishment of a 
European single access point (ESAP) for financial and non-financial information publicly disclosed by 
companies. The establishment of ESAP is the first point of the new action plan on the Capital Markets 
Union 2020 aiming to create a register of ESG data at EU level to provide easily accessible, comparable 
and machine readable information through standardization of formats to remove the difficulties 
encountered by the various stakeholders in accessing, comparing and using companies' financial and 
sustainability related information. 
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission published a package of measures on Sustainable Finance, 
which included proposals for inclusion of ESG into the existing MiFID II. The financial advisors are 
required to gather information about ESG preferences of clients and take them into consideration when 
providing advice or propose financial products. Additionally, the financial institutions are requested to 
integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences into organizational and operational processes. The 
delegated acts needs to be approved by the European Parliament and Council (a scrutiny period of 3 
months that can be extended by another 3 months) followed by the transposition in the legislation of each 
Member State.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
The annual financial information below as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 has been derived respectively from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Audited Financial 
Statements") and from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the "2019 Audited Financial Statements").  
Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
The half-yearly financial information below as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2021 and for 
the six months ended on 30 June 2020 has been derived respectively from the unaudited condensed 
consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months 
ended on 30 June 2021 (the "2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements") and from the 
unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at 
and for the six months ended on 30 June 2020 (the "2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
Statements"). 
Incorporation by Reference 
Both the audited consolidated annual and the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
referred to above are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Information Incorporated 
by Reference"). The financial information set out below forms only part of, should be read in conjunction 
with and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the above-mentioned audited consolidated annual and 
unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and 
auditors' reports. 
Accounting Principles 
The audited consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements referred to 
above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board and the relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee, otherwise known as International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted 
by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. The half-yearly condensed consolidated 
financial statements referred to above have been prepared in compliance with the IAS/IFRS issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the relative interpretations of the International 
Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) endorsed by the European Commission, as 
provided for by EU Regulation 1606 of 19 July 2002 and in force as at 30 June 2021. 
In particular, the 2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with IAS 
34 requirements, which regulate interim financial reporting. 
The accounting standards adopted in preparation of these 2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
Statements, with regard to the classification, recognition, measurement and derecognition of the financial 
assets and liabilities, and the recognition methods for revenues and costs, have remained unchanged 
compared to those adopted for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2020 Audited Financial Statements, which 
should be consulted for the complete details, except for the criteria for the preparation of segment 
reporting. With reference to these criteria, it is worth noting that in the first half of 2021 a revision was 
carried out of the allocation methods for costs and revenues between the Business Units and Corporate

--- Page 312 ---
312 
Centre, also in relation to the need to integrate UBI Banca in accordance with the segment reporting 
approaches of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
In addition, the indications provided by the authorities and the IASB, together with the application 
decisions made by Intesa Sanpaolo, as described in the chapter "The first half of 2021", should be 
consulted on the consequences of the impact of the COVID-19 health emergency. Some amendments to 
existing accounting standards, endorsed by the European Commission in 2019 and 2020, were applicable 
on a mandatory basis for the first time starting in 2020, but none of them is particularly significant for 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
A summary of the endorsing Regulations is provided below: 
- 
Regulation 2075/2019: this regulation of 29 November 2019 adopted several amendments to 
the IFRS relating to references to the Conceptual Framework14. The amendments are designed 
to update the references – in the various IAS/IFRS and interpretations – to the previous 
framework, by replacing them with the references to the framework revised in March 2018. The 
Conceptual Framework is not an accounting standard and is therefore not subject to 
endorsement, whereas this particular document is subject to endorsement because it amends 
some IAS/IFRS; 
- 
Regulation 2104/2019: this regulation of 29 November 2019 adopts several amendments to IAS 
1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting 
Estimates and Errors in order to clarify the definition of material information and to improve its 
understandability. The materiality depends on the nature and significance of the information or 
both. An entity shall also verify whether an item of information, either individually or in 
combination with other information, is material in the overall context of the financial statements; 
- 
Regulation 551/2020: the Regulation dated 21 April 2020 adopted several amendments to IFRS 
3 Business Combination introduced with the IASB publication of 22 October 2018 "Definition 
of a Business (Amendments to IFRS 3)" in order to facilitate the practical application of the 
definition of the term "business". These clarifications do not entail any changes to the practices 
already followed by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group with regard to the definition of a business. 
In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has exercised the option of early adoption of Regulation (EU) 
34/2020 of 15 January 2020 for the 2019 Audited Financial Statements, which adopted the document 
issued by the IASB in September 2019 on "Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (amendments to IFRS 9 
Financial Instruments, IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and IFRS 7 
Financial Instruments: Disclosures)", application of which is mandatory with effect from 1 January 2020. 
This regulation introduced several amendments regarding hedges (hedge accounting) designed to prevent 
uncertainties about the amount and timing of the cash flows arising from the rate reform resulting in the 
discontinuation of existing hedges and difficulties in designating new hedging relationships. 
As disclosed in the 2019 Audited Financial Statements, this relates to recent developments concerning 
the revision or replacement of certain interest rate benchmarks used to set interest rates in various 
jurisdictions, such as LIBOR, TIBOR and, in Europe, EONIA, based on the indications from the G20 
and the Financial Stability Board. The IASB dealt with the possible accounting impacts of the IBOR 
Reform through a project divided into two phases: the first phase focused on the possible accounting 
impacts in the period prior to the replacement of the existing benchmark rates with new rates (pre-
replacement issues); and the second phase of the project, which concluded with the publication in August 
2020 of the document “Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 – Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, 
IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IAS 16”, endorsed by Regulation 25/2021 of 13 January 2021, involves the analysis 
of the possible accounting impacts deriving from the application of the new rates and other less urgent

--- Page 313 ---
313 
issues (replacement issues). Phase 1 of the project, which ended with the publication of the above-
mentioned Regulation 34/2020, introduced several changes to prevent the discontinuation of existing 
hedges. The IASB considers that, in this scenario, the discontinuation of hedges solely due to the effect 
of uncertainty does not provide useful information for the readers of financial statements and has 
therefore decided to make some temporary exceptions to the existing regulations to prevent these 
distortions, which can be applied until the reform of the interest rate benchmarks has been completed. 
The IASB has identified several hedge accounting provisions that could be affected by the reform of the 
benchmarks in the "pre-replacement" phase and introduced a simplification for each of them, assuming 
that the interest rate benchmarks used to set existing interest rates will not be changed as a result of the 
interbank rate reform. The amendments became applicable on a mandatory basis from 1 January 2020, 
with the option of early application, as exercised by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which applied these 
provisions when preparing its 2019 Audited Financial Statements. 
Finally, Regulation 25/2021 of 13 January 2021 endorsed "Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2, 
Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16" published by the IASB on 27 August 
2020 regarding issues pertaining to phase two of the interest rate reform project. 
The main amendments implemented relate to: 
− Modification/derecognition 
The issue concerns the accounting treatment of amendments to existing contracts to reflect the new 
interest rates and whether they are to be accounted for - pursuant to IFRS 9 - as a modification or a 
derecognition. In this regard, the legislation aims to safeguard the amendments relating to the IBOR 
reform: 
• 
it is clarified that amendments - following the IBOR reform - relating to the replacement of the 
existing IBOR rate with the new risk-free rate, even in the absence of amendments to the 
contractual conditions, do not constitute a derecognition event but are to be considered a 
modification from an accounting standpoint; and 
• 
a practical expedient is proposed allowing such amendments, applied on equivalent economic 
bases, to be represented with a prospective adjustment of the effective interest rate, with impacts 
on net interest income in future periods (and not by applying modification accounting pursuant 
to IFRS 9). 
Similar changes regarding contract amendments were also made to IFRS 16 Leasing and IFRS 4 
Insurance Contracts, in line with the provisions regarding financial instruments summarised above. 
− Hedge accounting 
In phase two of the project, the IASB analysed the impact on hedging relationships of amendments caused 
by the IBOR reform on financial instruments part of a hedging relationship and which may constitute 
potential new triggers for the discontinuation of the hedges, establishing several exceptions to IAS 39 
(and to IFRS 9 for those who have also adopted it for hedges) that make it possible not to apply 
discontinuation following an update of the documentation of the hedging relationship (due to 
modification of the hedged risk, the hedged underlying or the hedging derivative, or of the method for 
verifying hedge effectiveness). Any cases of ineffectiveness must nonetheless be recognised in the 
income statement. In addition, some amendments were applied with regard to the designation of 
separately identifiable risk components. When a hedging relationship is modified as a result of the reform 
or new hedging relationships are designated, an alternative interest rate designated as a non-contractually

--- Page 314 ---
314 
specified risk component might not meet the separately identifiable requirement since the alternative 
interest rate market might not be sufficiently developed on the designation date. In this regard, it has been 
established that an alternative interest rate meets this requirement if the entity reasonably expects that the 
designation will become separately identifiable within 24 months. The amendments introduced by the 
IASB thus aim at not discontinuing existing hedge relationships as a result of the reform. Accordingly, 
no impacts of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are foreseen. 
− Disclosure 
Disclosure is to be further enhanced, in addition to the supplements to IFRS 7 already implemented within 
the framework of the phase one amendments, with the addition of qualitative and quantitative disclosure 
requirements to be met in the financial statements with regard to the nature and risks associated with the 
IBOR reform, the management of such risks and progress in the process of transitioning to the new rates. 
Adoption of these amendments will be mandatory for financial statements for periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2021,with the possibility of optional early adoption. Following the analyses, the Group 
did not deem it necessary to utilise the possibility of early application of the amendments for the 2020 
financial statements. 
The 2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements, drawn up in euro as the functional currency, are 
prepared in condensed form as permitted by IAS 34, and contain the consolidated Balance sheet at 30 
June 2021, the consolidated Income statement, the Statement of consolidated comprehensive income, the 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity, the consolidated Statement of cash flows for the six month 
period then ended and the explanatory notes. They are also complemented by information on significant 
events which occurred in the period, on the main risks and uncertainties to be faced in the remaining 
months of the year, as well as information on significant related party transactions. With effect from its 
2018 audited financial statements, following the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's decision to exercise the option 
of adopting the deferral approach, also provided for banking-led financial conglomerates, specific balance 
sheet and income statement captions have been added to the consolidated financial statement layouts 
established in Circular 262 to present the valuation of assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance 
companies and the related profit or loss effects measured in accordance with IAS 39. The amounts 
indicated in the financial statements and explanatory notes are expressed in millions of euro, unless 
otherwise specified. 
As reported in the "2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements", the assets held for sale include 
the non-performing loan portfolios of Intesa Sanpaolo, including those from UBI Banca, merged into 
Intesa Sanpaolo from 12 April 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo Provis and UBI Leasing, which will be sold mainly 
during the second half of 2021 as part of the Group’s de-risking strategies. Likewise, assets held for sale 
include single-name nonperforming credit exposures subject to already approved transactions expected 
to be closed after 30 June 2021. 
Finally, discontinued operations include the shareholding in Intesa Sanpaolo Forvalue, subject to transfer 
to the Tinexta Group as part of the strategic partnership concerning non-financial services to companies, 
and the business line dedicated to the acquiring activity within the payment system relating to the scope 
of the former UBI Banca, which will be transferred to Nexi during the second half of 2021. 
The 2021 Half Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are complemented by certification of the 
Managing Director – CEO and the Manager responsible for preparing the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
financial reports pursuant to Article154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance and have been reviewed 
by the Independent Auditors EY S.p.A..

--- Page 315 ---
315 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET  
AS AT 31.12.2020 
Assets 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €)  
Cash and cash equivalents 
9,814 
9,745 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
58,246 
49,414 
a) 
financial assets held for trading 
53,165 
45,152 
b) 
financial assets designated at fair value 
3 
195 
c) 
other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
5,078 
4,067 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
57,858 
72,410 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair value 
pursuant to IAS 39 
177,170 
168,202 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
615,260 
467,815 
a) 
due from banks 
110,095 
49,027 
b) 
loans to customers 
505,165 
418,788 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised 
cost pursuant to IAS 39 
1,211 
612 
Hedging derivatives 
1,134 
3,029 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
2,400 
1,569 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control 
1,996 
1,240 
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties 
93 
28 
Property and equipment 
10,850 
8,878 
Intangible 
assets 
of which: 
8,194 
9,211 
- goodwill 
3,154 
4,055 
Tax assets 
19,503 
15,467 
a) 
current 
2,326 
1,716 
b) 
deferred 
17,177 
13,751 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
28,702 
494 
Other assets 
10,183 
7,988 
Total Assets 
1,002,614 
816,102

--- Page 316 ---
316 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET  
AS AT 31.12.2020 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
630,146 
519,382 
a) 
due to banks 
115,947 
103,324 
b) 
due to customers 
422,365 
331,181 
c) 
securities issued 
91,834 
84,877 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised 
cost pursuant to IAS 39 
1,935 
826 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
59,033 
45,226 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
3,032 
4 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair value 
pursuant to IAS 39 
77,207 
75,935 
Hedging derivatives 
7,088 
9,288 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
733 
527 
Tax liabilities 
3,029 
2,321 
a) 
current 
284 
455 
b) 
deferred 
2,745 
1,866 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and discontinued 
operations 
35,676 
41 
Other liabilities 
14,439 
12,070 
Employee termination indemnities 
1,200 
1,134 
Allowances for risks and charges 
5,964 
3,997 
a) 
commitments and guarantees given 
626 
482 
b) 
post-employment benefits 
324 
232 
c) 
other allowances for risks and charges 
5,014 
3,283 
Technical reserves 
96,811 
89,136 
Valuation reserves 
-515 
-157 
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies 
809 
504 
Redeemable shares 
- 
- 
Equity instruments 
7,441 
4,103 
Reserves 
17,461 
13,279 
Share premium reserve 
27,444 
25,075 
Share capital 
10,084 
9,086 
Treasury shares (-) 
-130 
-104 
Minority interests (+/-) 
450 
247 
Net income (loss) (+/-) 
3,277 
4,182 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
1,002,614 
816,102

--- Page 317 ---
317 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
31.12.2020 
 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
Audited  
(in millions of €) 
Interest and similar income 
10,183 
10,193 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method
10,277 
10,565 
Interest and similar expense 
-2,451 
-3,269 
Interest margin 
7,732 
6,924 
Fee and commission income 
10,312 
9,658 
Fee and commission expense 
-2,334 
-2,159 
Net fee and commission income 
7,978 
7,499 
Dividend and similar income 
86 
117 
Profits (Losses) on trading 
628 
506 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
71 
-61 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
633 
1,385 
a) 
financial assets measured at amortised cost 
b) 
financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
-193 
870 
97 
1,218 
 ) 
financial liabilities 
-44 
70 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
-9 
123 
a) 
financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
57 
-103 
b) 
other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
-66 
226 
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance 
companies pursuant to IAS 39 
3,463 
3,991 
Net interest and other banking income 
20,582 
20,484 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risks associated with: 
-4,364 
-2,201 
a) 
financial assets measured at amortised cost 
b) 
financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
-4,356 
-8 
-2,175 
-26 
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to IAS39 
-81 
-9 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-29 
-6 
Net income from banking activities 
16,108 
18,268 
Net insurance premiums 
10,842 
10,147 
Other net insurance income (expense) 
-12,802 
-12,673 
Net income from banking and insurance activities 
14,148 
15,742 
Administrative expenses: 
-12,160 
-9,692 
a) 
personnel expenses 
-7,562 
-5,825 
b) 
other administrative expenses 
-4,598 
-3,867 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
-793 
-73 
a) 
commitments and guarantees given 
4 
23 
b) 
other net provisions 
-797 
-96 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment 
-578 
-523 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets 
-818 
-692 
Other operating expenses (income) 
3,347 
774 
Operating expenses 
-11,002 
-10,206 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to joint 
control 
-16 
53 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets 
measured at fair value 
-42 
-13 
Goodwill impairment 
-981 
- 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments 
101 
96 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations 
2,208 
5,672 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
-59 
-1,564

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
Audited  
(in millions of €) 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations 
2,149 
4,108 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations 
1,136 
64 
Net income (loss) 
3,285 
4,172 
Minority interests 
-8 
10 
Parent Company's net income (loss) 
3,277 
4,182 
Basic EPS - Euro 
0.18 
0.24 
Diluted EPS - Euro 
0.18 
0.24

--- Page 319 ---
319 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET  
AS AT 30.06.2021 
Assets 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Unaudited 
Audited 
(in millions of €) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
9,319 
9,814 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
60,952 
58,246 
a) 
financial assets held for trading 
55,720 
53,165 
b) 
financial assets designated at fair value 
4 
3 
c) 
other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
5,228 
5,078 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
67,263 
57,858 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair value 
pursuant to IAS 39 
206,138 
177,170 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
656,626 
615,260 
a) 
due from banks 
154,650 
110,095 
b) 
loans to customers 
501,976 
505,165 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised 
cost pursuant to IAS 39 
906 
1,211 
Hedging derivatives 
1,175 
1,134 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
1,231 
2,400 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control 
1,707 
1,996 
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties 
159 
93 
Property and equipment 
10,586 
10,850 
Intangible 
assets 
of which 
8,865 
8,194 
- goodwill 
3,979 
3,154 
Tax assets 
19,014 
19,503 
a) 
current 
2,635 
2,326 
b) 
deferred 
16,379 
17,177 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
1,566 
28,702 
Other assets 
12,088 
10,183 
Total Assets 
1,057,595 
1,002,614

--- Page 320 ---
320 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET  
AS AT 30.06.2021 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Unaudited 
Audited 
(in millions of €) 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
685,622 
630,146 
a) 
due to banks 
164,847 
115,947 
b) 
due to customers 
432,568 
422,365 
c) 
securities issued 
88,207 
91,834 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at 
amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39 
2,529 
1,935 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
57,335 
59,033 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
3,361 
3,032 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair 
value pursuant to IAS 39 
83,010 
77,207 
Hedging derivatives 
5,019 
7,088 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
363 
733 
Tax liabilities 
2,490 
3,029 
a) 
current 
440 
284 
b) 
deferred 
2,050 
2,745 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and discontinued 
operations 
78 
35,676 
Other liabilities 
24,722 
14,439 
Employee termination indemnities 
1,098 
1,200 
Allowances for risks and charges 
5,943 
5,964 
a) 
commitments and guarantees given 
548 
626 
b) 
post-employment benefits 
310 
324 
c) 
other allowances for risks and charges 
5,085 
5,014 
Technical reserves 
119,475 
96,811 
Valuation reserves 
-476 
-515 
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies 
661 
809 
Redeemable shares 
- 
- 
Equity instruments 
6,269 
7,441 
Reserves 
19,495 
17,461 
Share premium reserve 
27,286 
27,444 
Share capital 
10,084 
10,084 
Treasury shares (-) 
-110 
-130 
Minority interests (+/-) 
318 
450 
Net income (loss) (+/-) 
3,023 
3,277 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
1,057,595 
1,002,614

--- Page 321 ---
321 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30.06.2021 
 
First six 
First six 
months of 
months of 
2021 
2020 
Unaudited 
Unaudited  
(in millions of €) 
Interest and similar income 
5,207 
4,747 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method 
5,073 
4,928 
Interest and similar expense 
-1,174 
-1,272 
Interest margin 
4,033 
3,475 
Fee and commission income 
5,884 
4,507 
Fee and commission expense 
-1,264 
-1,083 
Net fee and commission income 
4,620 
3,424 
Dividend and similar income 
82 
60 
Profits (Losses) on trading 
409 
305 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
45 
-12 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of 
522 
798 
a) 
financial assets measured at amortised cost 
b) 
financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
123 
428 
-29 
620 
d) 
financial liabilities 
-29 
207 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
99 
109 
a) 
financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
-31 
141 
b) 
other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
130 
-32 
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance 
companies pursuant to IAS 39 
2,362 
1,413 
Net interest and other banking income 
12,172 
9,572 
Net losses / recoveries for credit risks associated with: 
-1,076 
-1,718 
a) 
financial assets measured at amortised cost 
b) 
financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
-1,066 
-10 
-1,697 
-21 
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to IAS39 
-2 
-35 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-19 
-8 
Net income from banking activities 
11,075 
7,811 
Net insurance premiums 
4,989 
4,461 
Other net insurance income (expense) 
-6,532 
-5,077 
Net income from banking and insurance activities 
9,532 
7,195 
Administrative expenses 
-5,650 
-4,685 
a) 
personnel expenses 
-3,362 
-2,743 
b) 
other administrative expenses 
-2,288 
-1,942 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
-141 
-101 
a) 
commitments and guarantees given 
60 
-39 
b) 
other net provisions 
-201 
-62 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment 
-320 
-256 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets 
-410 
-365 
Other operating expenses (income) 
475 
331 
Operating expenses 
-6,046 
-5,076 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to 
joint control 
41 
-33 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets 
measured at fair value 
-4 
- 
Goodwill impairment 
- 
- 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments 
189 
5

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
 
First six 
First six 
months of 
months of 
2021 
2020 
Unaudited 
Unaudited  
(in millions of €) 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations 
3,712 
2,091 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
-725 
-668 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations 
2,987 
1,423 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations 
- 
1,136 
Net income (loss) 
2,987 
2,559 
Minority interests 
36 
7 
Parent Company's net income (loss) 
3,023 
2,566 
Basic EPS – Euro 
0.16 
0.15 
Diluted EPS – Euro 
0.16 
0.15

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
OFFERING AND SALE 
The Securities may be offered to retail clients, professional clients and other eligible counterparties. No action has 
been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any Securities or possession or 
distribution of any offering material in relation to any Securities in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Securities, or distribution of any offering material relating 
to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer. 
1. PUBLIC OFFER SELLING RESTRICTION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant Member 
State"), each Manager has represented and agreed that, and each further Manager appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of the Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
may not be offered to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that such Securities may be offered to the 
public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating 
such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented 
in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to the prior consent of the relevant Manager(s) nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer having been obtained; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within a Prospectus Exemption (as defined below), 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the publication by the Issuer 
or any Manager of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or the supplementing by the 
Issuer or any Manager of a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Securities to the public in relation to any Securities 
in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Securities. 
The expression "Prospectus Exemptions" means Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, and 
includes any additional exemptions and implementation measures applicable in the Relevant Member State.  
2. UNITED STATES

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
No Securities of any series nor, in case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Entitlement to be delivered upon the 
exercise of such Securities, have been, nor will they be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the U.S., and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the 
CFTC under the Commodity Exchange Act. The Securities and the Entitlements may not be offered, sold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to a U.S. person unless such offer or 
sale has been registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
The Securities and the Entitlements are being offered and sold outside the U.S. to persons that are not U.S. persons 
(as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S. No Securities of any series, or interests therein, or 
Entitlements may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States (as defined in Regulation S) or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any U.S. person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery 
made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not 
be recognised.  
The Securities and Entitlements may not be legally or beneficially owned by U.S. persons at any time. Each 
holder and each beneficial owner of a Security or an Entitlement hereby represents, as a condition to 
purchasing or owning the Security, the Entitlement or any beneficial interest therein, that neither it nor 
any person for whose account or benefit the Securities or Entitlements are being purchased is located in the 
United States, is a U.S. person or was solicited to purchase the Securities while present in the United States. 
Each holder and each beneficial owner of a Security or an Entitlement hereby agrees not to offer, sell or 
deliver any of the Securities or the Entitlements, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the U.S. or to any 
U.S. person. The term “U.S. person” has the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Each Manager of an issue of Securities will be required to agree that it, its affiliates and any person acting on its 
or their behalf will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade, pledge, exercise, redeem, transfer or deliver, directly 
or indirectly, Securities of such series in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person 
or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery, directly or indirectly, 
in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any such U.S. person. Each Manager of an issue of 
Securities will be required to agree that it, its affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf will not offer 
or sell the Securities at any time except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and 
that neither it, its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its or their behalf will engage in any "directed selling efforts" 
(as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act) with respect to the Securities and it and they will comply with 
the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S under the Securities Act. The terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Any person purchasing Securities of any series or Entitlements must agree with the Manager or the seller of such 
Securities that (i) it is not a U.S. person and it is not located in the United States and was not solicited to purchase 
the Securities while present in the United States, (ii) it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade, pledge, exercise, 
redeem, transfer or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Securities of such series so purchased in the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, 
redemption, transfer or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of 
any, U.S. person, (iii) it is not purchasing any Securities of such series or any Entitlement for the account or benefit 
of any U.S. person and (iv) it will not make offers, sales, resales, trades, pledges, exercises, redemptions, transfers 
or deliveries of any Securities of such series (otherwise acquired) or Entitlements, directly or indirectly, in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. Each Manager of an issue of Securities will 
also be required to agree, and any person purchasing Securities of any series must agree, to send each person who 
purchases any Securities of such series or Entitlements from it, at or prior to confirmation of sale of any Securities, 
a written confirmation (which shall include the definitions of "United States" and "U.S. persons" set forth herein) 
stating that the Securities and Entitlements have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities 
laws, and that trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
under the Commodity Exchange Act and stating that such purchaser agrees that it will not at any time offer, sell,

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
resell, trade, pledge, exercise, redeem, transfer or deliver Securities or Entitlements, directly or indirectly, in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. Prior to the delivery of the Entitlement in 
respect of a Physical Delivery Security the holder thereof will be required to represent that, inter alia, he is not a 
U.S. person, the Security was not exercised on behalf of a U.S. person and in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities, no securities or other property have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any exercise thereof. See Condition 19(A) in respect of 
Warrants and Condition 21(A) in respect of Certificates.  
The Securities are also subject to U.S. tax law requirements and, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations, may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United 
States persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and the U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In July 2010 the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank") was enacted, 
which provides for substantial changes to the regulation of the futures and over-the-counter (OTC) derivative 
markets. Dodd-Frank requires regulators, including the CFTC, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"SEC"), the Department of the Treasury, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the FSOC), the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to adopt regulations to implement 
many of the requirements of the legislation. 
Most of the regulations under Dodd-Frank have been adopted and these legislative and regulatory changes have 
increased the level of regulation of markets and market participants, and therefore the costs of participating in the 
commodities, futures and OTC derivative markets. Without limitation, these changes will require many OTC 
derivative transactions to be executed on regulated exchanges or trading platforms and cleared through regulated 
clearing houses. Swap dealers are required to be registered, to comply with business conduct standards and to 
clear certain classes of interest rate and credit default swaps through registered derivatives clearing organizations 
(unless an exception to clearing applies). The various legislative and regulatory changes, and the resulting 
increased costs and regulatory oversight requirements, could result in market participants being required to, or 
deciding to, limit their trading activities, which could cause reductions in market liquidity and increases in market 
volatility. These consequences could adversely affect the return on and value of the Securities. 
US Tax Selling Restrictions 
Securities that constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982, the Code, or US Treasury Regulations and are not considered to be in “registered 
form” for US federal income tax purposes ("TEFRA Notes") are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person except in 
compliance with (i) US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for proposes of Section 4701 of the Code (the "D Rules"), or (ii) US Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for proposes of Section 4701 
of the Code (the "C Rules"). 
With respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the D Rules, the Issuer and each Manager has represented 
and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (a) it has not offered or sold, and during the required 
restricted period it will not offer or sell such TEFRA Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person and (b) it has not delivered and agrees that it will not deliver within 
the United States or its possessions Global Securities that are TEFRA Notes that will be sold during the 
restricted period; 
(ii) it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling such TEFRA Notes are aware that

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
such TEFRA Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person (except to the extent permitted under the D 
Rules); 
(iii) if it is a United States person, it is acquiring such TEFRA Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance, and if it retains such TEFRA Notes for its own account, it will do so in accordance 
with the requirements of the D Rules; and 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires such TEFRA Notes from the Issuer or the Manager for 
purpose of offering or selling such TEFRA Notes during the restricted period, the Issuer or Dealer either repeats 
and confirms the representations and agreements contained in Paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's 
or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate or distributor for the benefit of the Issuer and 
each Dealer the representations and agreements contained in such Paragraphs. 
With respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the C Rules, the Issuer and each Manager has represented 
and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such TEFRA 
Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance; and 
(ii) it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if it 
is within the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve its US office, if any, in the offer or sale of 
such TEFRA Notes. 
Terms used in this Section shall have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, ("Code") and the US Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, including the C Rules and the D 
Rules. 
The Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 repealed the C Rules and D Rules for TEFRA Notes 
issued after 18 March 2012. However, in Notice 2012-20, the US Department of Treasury and the US Internal 
Revenue Service indicated that they intend to provide in regulations that rules identical to the C Rules and D Rules 
will apply to non-US issuers of TEFRA Notes for purposes of establishing an exemption from the excise tax 
imposed by Section 4701 of the Code. (The amount of the excise tax is one per cent. of the principal amount of 
the obligation, multiplied by the number of calendar years until the obligation reaches maturity). Consequently, 
TEFRA Notes issued in accordance with the C Rules or D Rules should continue to be treated as “foreign targeted 
obligations” that are exempt from the excise tax. 
3. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor either in the European 
Economic Area or in the specified jurisdictions only. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); or 
iv. 
a retail client within the meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation of 
the specified jurisdiction outside the EEA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Securities. 
4. SWITZERLAND 
Restrictions for distribution to Private Clients (as defined below) 
Securities may be offered to private clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Private Clients"; see also Opting-
in Client defined below) pursuant to article 4 para. 2 of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA")in or from 
Switzerland only if a key investor document pursuant to article 58 et seqq. FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt) 
("KID") or pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation ("PRIIPs-KID") relating to the Securities has been prepared and 
provided to Private Clients, unless Private Clients may exclusively purchase Securities under an asset management 
agreement pursuant to article 58 para. 2 FinSA. Before 1 January 2021, such Securities may be offered to Private 
Clients in or from Switzerland alternatively on the basis of a simplified prospectus relating to such Securities 
pursuant to article 5 para. 2 of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act ("CISA"; as in force on 1 March 
2013) instead of a KID or PRIIPs-KID. 
If such disclosure document has not been prepared and provided to Private Clients, the Securities may only be 
offered in or from Switzerland to Private Clients which exclusively purchase Securities under an asset 
management agreement pursuant to article 58 para. 2 FinSA, professional clients (professionelle Kunden) and 
institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) ("Professional and Institutional Clients") as defined in article 4 
para. 3 and 4 and article 5 para. 1 FinSA. In such case, neither this Base Prospectus nor any other documents 
aimed at marketing specific Securities shall be despatched, copied to or otherwise made available to, and the 
Securities may not be offered for sale or advertised to any person in Switzerland, except to such Private Clients, 
Professional and Institutional Clients, i.e. to (a) regulated financial intermediaries pursuant to the Swiss Banking 
Act, the Swiss Financial Institutions Act and CISA (as currently in force), (b) regulated insurance institutions 
pursuant to the Swiss Insurance Supervision Act, (c) foreign financial intermediaries subject to a prudential 
supervision as the persons pursuant to (a) and (b) above, (d) central banks, (e) public entities with professional 
treasury operations, (f) occupational pension schemes and other institutions whose purpose is to serve 
occupational pensions with professional treasury operations, (g) undertakings with professional treasury 
operations, (h) large companies that exceed two of the three relevant thresholds, being (x) balance sheet total of 
CHF 20 million, (y) turnover of CHF 40 million, and/or (z) equity capital of CHF 2 million, (i) private investment 
structures for high-net worth individuals with professional treasury operations and (j) Opting-out Clients (as 
defined below), provided such clients in (a) through (h) are not Oping-in Clients (as defined below). 
An "Opting-in Client" is a by default Professional or Institutional Client who confirms in writing according to 
article 5 para. 5 and 6 FinSA, respectively, that it shall be deemed and is forthwith treated as Private Client pursuant 
to article 4 para. 2 FinSA. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a private individual or a private 
investment structure who confirms credibly and in writing (i) that, based on his/her education and his/her 
professional experience or based on comparable experience in the financial sector, he/she has the necessary 
knowledge to understand the risks connected with an investment in the Securities and who owns, directly or 
indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 500'000, or (ii) that he/she owns, directly or indirectly, eligible 
financial assets of at least CHF 2 million. 
No public offering

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
Furthermore, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Securities described herein. The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the FinSA and neither this Base Prospectus nor any KID, PRIIPs-KID, simplified prospectus 
or other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland except if the following prospectus requirements are complied with: 
Until six months after a reviewing body has been authorized by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
("FINMA"), provided such date falls on or after 1 October 2020: Compliance of this Base Prospectus and any 
additional offering documents required, if any, with article 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations (as in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into force of the FinSA) and, if applicable, the listing rules of SIX Swiss Exchange 
Ltd ("SIX") or BX Swiss Ltd ("BX Swiss").  
Thereafter: Compliance of this Base Prospectus and any additional offering documents required, if any, with 
article 40 et seqq. FinSA, and approval of this Base Prospectus and any such additional offering documents, if 
any, by a reviewing body authorized by FINMA for that purpose pursuant to article 51 et seqq. FinSA, unless an 
exception from such obligations pursuant to article 36 et seqq. FinSA applies article 51 et seqq. FinSA, unless an 
exception from such obligations pursuant to article 36 et seqq. FinSA applies. 
5. GENERAL 
The Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager will be required to represent and agree that it will (to the best 
of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Securities 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Manager shall have any responsibility therefor.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Manager represents that Securities may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
With regard to each Tranche, the Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager will be required to comply with 
such other restrictions as the Issuer and the Manager(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in [the European Economic Area (the "EEA")] [and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•]]. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU 
("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation [or (iv) a retail client within the 
meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation of [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•]]. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in [the EEA] [and] 
[Insert jurisdiction(s) [•] [only]] has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in [the EEA] [and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•] [only]] may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
FINAL TERMS 
[Insert date] 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.P.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08 
[Title of Warrants or Certificates] 
[[commercial name:] [referred to for commercial purposes as] [“[●]”] 
under the Warrants and Certificates Programme IMI Corporate & Investment Banking  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 24 February 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•] [which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation as amended]1. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein [for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation] 2 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus] is [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer [and 
the specified offices of the Principal Security Agent]3. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus] [has] [have] been published on the websites of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com) and the Issuer 
(www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com). [An issue specific summary of the Securities is annexed to these 
Final Terms]. In the case of the Securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the 
Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin [and of the Issuer]4.] 
(The Final Terms relating to each issue of Securities will contain (without limitation) such of the following 
information as is applicable in respect of such Securities. Any information that is not applicable will be deleted) 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the relevant series of Securities and 
words and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in these Final Terms 
insofar as they relate to such series of Securities, save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
These Final Terms relate to the series of Securities as set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below. 
 
1  
Delete wording in square brackets where an exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.   
2  
Delete wording in square brackets where an exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.   
3  
Delete wording in square brackets in the case of Italian Dematerialised Securities.  
4  
Delete wording in square brackets where an exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
References herein to "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant [Warrants/Certificates] that are 
the subject of these Final Terms and references to "Securities" and "Security" shall be construed accordingly.  
1.  
Specific provisions for each Series: 
Series 
Number 
No. of Securities issued [Issue Price][Indicative 
Price] per Security 
 
⚫ 
⚫ 
⚫ 
 
⚫ 
⚫ 
⚫ 
 
 
 
 
2.  
Tranche Number: 
[[   ] [Not applicable] 
3.  
Minimum Exercise 
[Amount][Number]: 
[[   ] [Not applicable] 
4.  
Minimum Trading 
[Amount][Number]: 
[[   ] [Not applicable] 
5.  
Consolidation: 
[The Securities are to be consolidated and form a single series 
with the [insert title of relevant series of Securities] issued on 
[insert issue date]]. (Only applicable in relation to Securities 
which are fungible with an existing series of Securities) [Not 
applicable] 
6.  
Type of Securities and 
Underlying(s): 
(a) 
The Securities are [Certificates][[Covered] Warrants]. 
[The Certificates are [Index Securities] [and] [Share 
Securities] [and] [Exchange Rate Securities] [and] 
[Interest Rate Securities] [and] [Futures Contract 
Securities] [and] [Commodity Securities] [and] [Fund 
Securities] [and Govies Securities] [and] [Combined 
Securities].] [The Warrants are [European][American] 
Style Warrants.] 
(b) 
The item(s) to which the Securities relate [is] [are] 
[specify the Underlying(s) in relation to the 
remuneration amounts and the Cash Settlement 
Amount] 
[if the Underlying is a Share, specify: name of the 
issuer of the security and ISIN or other identification 
code] 
[if the Underlying is an Index specify the name of the 
Index, and where the composition, set of rules and 
governing rules may be found] 
[if the Underlying is an Interest Rate, describe the 
interest rate] 
[if the Underlying qualifies as "benchmark" for the 
purposes of the Benchmark Regulation insert: 
[specify benchmark(s)] [is/are] provided by [insert 
administrator(s) legal name(s)] [repeat as necessary]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
administrator(s) 
legal 
name(s)] 
[appear[s]]/[[does]/[do] not appear] [repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation] 
[repeat as necessary] OR [the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply], 
such that [insert administrator(s) legal name(s)] 
[is/are] not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or 
registration 
[since 
[specify 
benchmark(s)] 
[has/have] 
been 
recognised 
as 
[a] 
critical 
benchmark(s)] (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
[repeat as necessary].] 
[if the Underlying is an Exchange Rate, a Commodity, 
a Futures Contract, an ADR or GDR, insert 
description of the Underlying and specify where to 
obtain information about such Underlying] 
[if the Underlying is a Government Bond, specify: (i) 
whether the Underlying is the Government Bond or the 
Yield of Government Bond, (ii) the name of the issuer 
of the security and (iii) the ISIN or other identification 
code. Where the Underlying is the Yield of Government 
Bond, specify also the information source] 
[Specify where information about the past and the 
future performance of the Underlying and its volatility 
can be found]  
[in case of Basket insert:  
a Basket of [    ] composed as follows:  
i 
Basket 
Constituent 
[Basket 
Constituent 
Weight] 
[Cap] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
] 
[In case of Securities linked to a Basket of Baskets 
insert:  
a Basket of baskets (each a "Basket Constituent") 
composed as follows: 
 
 
i 
Basket 
Constitue
nt 
[Basket 
Constitue
nt 
Weight] 
[Cap] 
t 
Financial assets 
composing the 
Basket Constituent 
Weight of the 
financial asset 
composing the 
Basket

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
Constituent 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
 
 
] 
[in case of Multiperformance Certificates insert:  
the following Underlyings:  
i 
Underlying 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
] 
[in case of Currency Certificates insert: 
the following exchange rates: 
Exchange Rate 
Exchange Rate 
Weight 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
] 
[in case of Spread Certificates insert: 
Underlying A: [   ] 
Underlying B: [   ]]

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
7.  
Typology: 
[Standard (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Max (Long/Consolidation Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Spread (Type A/ Type B/ Type C/Type D) Certificates] 
[Twin Win (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Benchmark (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Turbo (Long/Short) Certificate] 
[Outperformance (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Buffer Protection Certificates] 
[Global Performance Certificates] 
[Lucky Protection (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Dynamic Protection (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Currency Certificates] 
[Combined Amount Certificates] 
[Long Outperformance Combined Certificates] 
[Multiperformance Certificates] 
[Gap (Long/Short) Certificates] 
[Dual Currency FX Certificates] 
[Calendar Certificates] 
[One Star Certificates] 
[Switch Certificates] 
[Reverse Butterfly Certificates] 
[Multiple Strike Certificates] 
[Call Certificates] 
[Call [Covered] Warrants][Call Spread Warrants][Put 
[Covered] Warrants][Put Spread Warrants][Interest Rate 
Warrants] [Corridor Warrants] 
8.  
(i) Exercise Date: 
[The Exercise Date of the Securities is [    ]] [Not applicable]. 
 
(ii) Renouncement Notice Cut-off 
Time: 
[    ] (Only applicable for Italian Traded Securities) [Not 
applicable] 
9.  
Settlement Date: 
The Settlement Date for the Securities is [    ].  
10.  
Delivery Date: 
[The Delivery Date for the Securities is [    ].][Not applicable.] 
11.  
Issue Date: 
The Issue Date is [    ]. 
12.  
Issue Currency: 
The Issue Currency is [    ]. 
13.  
Discount Price 
[    ] [Not applicable]. 
14.  
Purchase Price: 
[    ] [Not applicable]. 
(Only applicable in relation to Digital Certificates) 
15.  
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre[s] (for the purposes of the 
definition of "Business Day" in Condition 3) [is/are] [       ]. 
16.  
Business Day: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][    ]  
17.  
Exchange Business Day: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][    ]  
18.  
Settlement Business Day: 
Settlement Business day (for the purposes of Condition 4) 
means [       ]. (N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
Delivery Securities)[Not applicable]  
19.  
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment (Cash Settled 
Securities)] [or] [physical delivery (Physical Delivery 
Securities)] (in case of Physical Delivery Securities, specify if 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is applicable). 
20.  
Exchange Rate: 
The applicable Exchange Rate for conversion of the Underlying 
Reference Currency into the Settlement Currency, is [insert rate 
of exchange and details of how and when such rate is to be 
ascertained] [Not applicable]. 
21.  
Settlement Currency: 
The settlement currency [[for the payment of [the Cash 
Settlement Amount] (in the case of Cash Settled Securities)/[the 
Settlement Disruption Amount] (in the case of Physical 
Delivery Securities)] [and any other remuneration amount under 
the Securities]] is [     ]. 
[If the Securities are Cash Settled Securities that are Dual 
Currency Securities: The Securities are Dual Currency 
Securities (For the purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 24 
include applicable provisions, such as:  
- Exchange Rate/method of calculating the Exchange Rate 
- the party, if any, responsible for calculating the Cash 
Settlement Amount 
- the provisions applicable where calculation by reference to the 
Rate of Exchange is impossible or impracticable, including a 
description of market disruption or settlement disruption events 
and adjustment provisions 
- person at whose option the Specified Currency(ies) are 
payable).] 
22.  
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [     ]. [Insert address of Calculation 
Agent] 
23.  
Exchange(s): 
[(For the purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 15) The 
relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [     ][in respect of each component 
security of the Index (each an Index Constituent), [     ] [the 
principal stock exchange on which such Index Constituent is 
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent]]. 
[Not applicable] 
24.  
[Reference Source] [, Index 
Sponsor ] [, Fund Manager] 
[,Calculation Entity]: 
[    ] [Not applicable] 
25.  
Related Exchange(s): 
[(For the purposes of Condition 15) The relevant Related 
Exchange(s) [is/are] [     ] [Not applicable] 
26.  
Rollover Date: 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
(Only applicable in relation to Futures Contract Securities) 
27.  
Open End Feature: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
28.  
Put Option: (only if Put Option or 
Open End Feature is specified as 
applicable. Delete the sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
 
Put Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] 
 
Put Notice Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
29.  
Call Option: (only if Call Option 
or Open End Feature is specified 
as applicable. Delete the sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
 
Call Valuation Period(s):  
[     ] 
 
Call Notice Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
30.  
Maximum Level: 
[Applicable [specify level]/ Not applicable] 
31.  
Minimum Level:  
[Applicable [specify level]/ Not applicable]  
(Only applicable in relation to Fund Securities) 
32.  
Settlement Amount: 
[Insert details of how Cash Settlement Amount / Physical 
Delivery is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 24 (Pay-out 
Provisions) [     ]] 
[Specify the Underlying(s) which will be considered for the 
purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount] 
33.  
Multiplier: 
[The Multiplier to be applied is [     ]][Not applicable] 
34.  
Relevant Asset(s): 
The Relevant Asset to which the Securities relate [is/are] 
[     ][Not applicable]. 
(Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery Securities) 
35.  
Entitlement: 
[Not applicable.]  
[The Entitlement (as defined in Condition 3) in relation to each 
Security is [   ] (For the purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 
22 insert if necessary, details of how the Entitlement will be 
calculated). 
The Entitlement will be evidenced by [For the purposes of 
Condition 22 insert details of how the Entitlement will be 
evidenced] 
The Entitlement will be delivered [For the purposes of 
Condition 22 insert details of the method of delivery of the 
Entitlement].] 
(Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery Securities)

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
36.  
AMF Percentage:  
[Not applicable] [Applicable. [Specify details]] 
(Only applicable in relation to Benchmark Certificates) 
37.  
VMF Percentage:  
[Not applicable] [Applicable. [Specify details]] 
(Only applicable in relation to Benchmark Certificates) 
38.  
Strike 
Price 
(Delete 
sub-
paragraphs if not applicable, which 
are only applicable in relation to 
Turbo Certificates): 
[     ] [Not applicable] (Only applicable in relation to Short 
Benchmark Certificates and Turbo Certificates) 
 
Dividend Percentage: 
[[     ] [subject to adjustment by the Calculation Agent] 
 
Restrike Costt: 
[specify details] 
39.  
Conversion Rate: 
[     ] [Not applicable] (Only applicable in relation to Dual 
Currency FX Certificates) 
40.  
Underlying Reference Currency: 
The Underlying Reference Currency is [     ] 
41.  
Quanto Option: 
[Applicable [in relation to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
42.  
Determination Date(s): 
[     ] / from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
43.  
Valuation Date(s): 
[     ] / from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
44.  
Intraday Value: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
45.  
Reference Value: 
[For the purposes of the [determination of the] [Accumulating 
Event] [Barrier Event] [Barrier Gap Event] [Consolidation 
Floor Event] [Coupon Event] [Digital Event] [Cliquet Valuation 
Period] [Early Redemption Event] [Extra Consolidation Digital 
Event] [Gearing Event] [Knock-in Event] [Knock-out Event]  
[Multiple Strike Eventi] [Participation Rebate Event] [Restrike 
Event] [Switch Event] [Internal Return Amount] [Participation 
Remuneration Event] [Participation Remuneration Amount] 
[Memory Effect] [Consolidation Effect] ] [calculation of the 
performance in relation to the [Global Performance] 
[Performance Sum]] the Reference Value will be [insert 
determination or calculation method among those specified 
within Condition 3, including, if applicable, the Intraday Value 
details and, in relation to Securities with more than one 
Underlying, the Underlying(s) to be considered for the 
determination of the relevant event. In the event that the 
Adjusted Price applies, specify details (e.g. Dividend Period 
Start Date, Synthetic Ex-Dividend Date and Synthetic 
Dividends).] 
[Not applicable]  
46.  
Initial Reference Value:  
The Initial Reference Value will be [     ] [insert calculation 
method among those specified within Condition 3 and, in 
relation to Securities with more than one Underlying, the

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
Underlying(s) to be considered or, if applicable, the Intraday 
Value details for each Underlying]. 
 
Initial Reference Value 
Determination Period(s): 
[[     ] / from [     ] to [     ]][Not applicable] 
47.  
Final Reference Value: 
The Final Reference Value will be [     ] [insert calculation 
method among those specified within Condition 3 and, in 
relation to Securities with more than one Underlying, the 
Underlying(s) to be considered or, if applicable, the Intraday 
Value details for each Underlying. In the event that the Adjusted 
Price applies, specify details (e.g. Dividend Period Start Date, 
Synthetic Ex-Dividend Date and Synthetic Dividends)]. 
 
Final Reference Value 
Determination Period(s): 
[[     ] / from [     ] to [     ]][Not applicable] 
48.  
Best Of Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
49.  
Worst Of Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
50.  
Rainbow Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
51.  
Reverse Split (Delete the sub-
paragraph if not applicable):  
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] (Only applicable 
in relation to Turbo Certificates) 
 
Reverse Split Notice Period: 
[Specify the Reverse Split Notice Period for the purposes of 
Condition 25] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CERTIFICATES 
[Applicable][Not applicable]. 
52.  
Performance Cap: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [In relation to Performance of the 
Underlying A equal to [    ]% and in relation to Performance of 
the Underlying B equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Performance Floor: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [In relation to Performance of the 
Underlying A equal to [    ]% and in relation to Performance of 
the Underlying B equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Performance Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
53.  
Initial Percentage:  
[[     ]%] [specify details in case of more than one Initial 
Percentages] [Not applicable] 
54.  
Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
55.  
Down Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
56.  
Up Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
57.  
Initial Leverage: (Delete sub-
paragraph if not applicable) 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable]  
 
Adjust Factor: 
[     ]%

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
58.  
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Period(s): 
[     ] [from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Level: 
[     ][Specify the level of the period or the different levels for the 
same period and for each period if more than one]  
[Not applicable] 
 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Upper Barrier Level:  
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Selection Period: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Strike Observation Period: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Air Bag Factor: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Protection Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Protection Percentage: 
[     ]% [Not applicable] 
 
Spread Protection: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Protection Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dropdown Protection Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dropdown Protection Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dynamic Protection Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] (only applicable in relation to Dynamic 
Protection Certificates) 
 
Step Up Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] (only applicable in relation to Dynamic 
Protection Certificates) 
 
Sigma Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Predetermined Loss Percentage: 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable] 
 
Short Protection: 
[     ] [Not applicable][only in case of Standard Short Barrier 
Protected Certificates and Max Short Barrier Protected 
Certificates] 
 
Butterfly Level:  
[[     ]% of the Initial Reference Value] [Not applicable] [only in 
case of Reverse Butterfly Certificates] 
59.  
Barrier Gap Event: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Gap Observation Period(s): 
[     ] [from [     ] to [     ]] (Specify each period if more than one) 
 
Barrier Gap Level: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Gap Leverage: 
[Applicable [specify details]]

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
60.  
Cap 
Level(s): 
(Delete 
sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Percentage: 
[[     ] %] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Style 1: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] (only in case of 
Restrike Feature)  
 
Cap Style 2: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] (only in case of 
Restrike Feature)  
61.  
Consolidation Floor Event: (Delete 
sub-paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] [from [     ] to [     ] 
 
Consolidation Floor Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level of the period or the different levels for 
the same period and for each period if more than one and, if a 
range applies, the Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one)  
 
Consolidation Participation Factor: 
[Applicable. Equal to [     ]%] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Consolidation Amount: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
62.  
Cap Barrier Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
63.  
Cap Down Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
64.  
Strike Percentage: 
[     ] % [Not applicable] 
65.  
Calendar Cap Percentage: 
[     ] % [Not applicable] 
66.  
Calendar Floor Percentage: 
[     ] % [Not applicable] 
67.  
Gearing Factor: 
[     ] % [Not applicable] (only applicable in relation to 
Standard Long Certificates) 
68.  
One Star Event: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable. [Specify details]] [Not applicable] (only applicable 
in relation to One Star Certificates) 
 
One Star Trigger Level: 
[     ]% of the Initial Reference Value (specify for each 
Underlying or each Basket Constituent) 
 
One Star Determination Period: 
[     ][     ] / from [     ] to [     ] 
69.  
Switch 
Event: 
(Delete 
sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable. [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Switch Level: 
[     ] % 
 
Switch Valuation Period: 
[     ][     ] / from [     ] to [     ]

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
70.  
Multiple Strike Eventi: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable. [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Multiple Strike Leveli: 
[     ] (Specify details) 
 
Multiple 
Strike 
Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Multiple Participation Factori: 
[     ]  
 
Multiple Amounti: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable]  
71.  
Spread: (Delete sub-paragraph if 
not applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable]  
 
Margin: 
[     ] 
72.  
Gearing 
Event: 
(Delete 
sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] (only applicable 
in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates) 
 
Gearing Level: 
[     ] 
 
Gearing: 
[     ]%  
 
Initial Gearing: 
[     ]%  
73.  
Buffer 
Event: 
(Delete 
sub- 
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable. [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Buffer Percentage: 
[     ] % 
 
Performance Sum: 
[The Performance Sum will be calculated on the Performance 
Observation Date(s) [insert calculation method and strategy]. 
 
Performance Sum Cap: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Performance Sum Floor: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Protection Percentage: 
[     ] % 
 
Buffer Valuation Period(s): 
[     ]  
74.  
Global Performance: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable] [The Global Performance will be calculated on the 
Performance Observation Date(s) [insert calculation method] 
[Not applicable] 
 
Participation Factor: 
[     ]% 
 
Local Floor Percentage: 
[     ]% 
 
Global Strike Percentage: 
[     ]% 
 
Performance Observation Date(s): 
[only applicable in case of Buffer 
Protection Certificates and Global 
Performance Certificates] 
[     ]  
[     ] / from [     ] to [     ]

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
 
Strike Level: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] (Only applicable to Dual Currency FX 
Certificates) 
75.  
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: 
[Not applicable] [Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity applies to 
the Securities]. 
(N.B. (1) Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities. (2) Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is applicable 
to certain Share Securities. Careful consideration should be 
given to whether Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity would 
apply to other Physical Delivery Securities) 
76.  
Digital Percentage: 
[[     ]%][Not 
applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Digital 
Certificates) 
77.  
Settlement Level: 
[[     ]%][Not 
applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Digital 
Certificates) 
78.  
Combined Amount (Delete sub- 
paragraph if not applicable): 
[Applicable] [The Combined Amount will be equal to the 
product of the Multiplier of the Underlying specified below and 
the relevant Final Reference Value] [Not applicable] (Only 
applicable to Combined Amount Certificates) 
 
Underlying: 
[     ] [specify underlying to be used for the determination of the 
Combined Amount] 
79.  
Darwin Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REMUNERATION AMOUNTS AND EARLY REDEMPTION 
AMOUNTS 
80.  
Knock-out Feature: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable in relation to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
 
Knock-out Event: 
[     ] (Specify details for each period if more than one) 
 
Knock-out Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) 
 
Knock-out Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
81.  
Knock-in Feature: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable in relation to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
 
Knock-in Event: 
[     ] (Specify details for each period if more than one) 
 
Knock-in Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) 
 
Knock-in Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
82.  
Digital Amount(s): (Delete sub-
paragraphs of not applicable) 
[     ] (specify details for each level/period if more than one) 
[Equal to Coupon Premium 1 or Coupon Premium 2 depending 
on the occurrence of Coupon Event] [Not applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[     ] [specify Underlying(s) in relation to each Digital Event]

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
 
Digital Level(s): 
[     ] (Specify details of the level(s) and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more 
than one) 
 
Digital Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) 
 
Digital Payment Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one) 
 
Digital Combo Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cliquet Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cliquet Valuation Period: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Consolidation Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Extra Consolidation Digital 
Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]][Not applicable] 
 
Extra Consolidation Digital Level: 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Extra Consolidation Digital 
Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Memory Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Path Dependency Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Path Dependency Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
83.  
Restrike Feature: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable]  
 
Restrike Level: 
[     ] % (Specify for each period if more than one)  
 
Restrike Observation Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one)  
 
Restrike Percentage: 
[     ]% (Specify for each period if more than one)  
84.  
Plus Amount(s): (Delete sub-
paragraph if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Plus Payment Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify each date if more than one)  
85.  
Accumulated Amount(s): (Delete 
[Applicable. [If an Early Redemption Level is applicable, 
specify whether the payment of the Accumulated Amount is

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
sub-paragraph if not applicable) 
conditional upon occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Event]][Not applicable] 
 
Accumulating Amount(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one)  
 
Accumulating Event(s): 
[     ] (Specify details) 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify underlying(s) in relation to the determination of the 
Accumulating Event] [Not applicable] 
 
Accumulating Level(s): 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Accumulating Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one)  
 
Accumulated Valuation Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one)  
 
Accumulated Payment Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one)  
 
Accumulating  Autocallable 
Trigger Amount(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
86.  
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
(Delete sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable] [     ] (Specify for each period if more than one) 
[Equal to Coupon Premium 1 or Coupon Premium 2 depending 
on the occurrence of Coupon Event] [The Early Redemption 
Amount[s] [is] [are] [Long [Cap] Early Redemption Amount[s]] 
[and] [Short [Cap] Early Redemption Amount[s]] (For the 
purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 24, insert details for 
each Early Redemption Amount and the valuation date(s) for 
the determination of the performance of the Underlying if 
different from the Early Redemption Valuation Period(s))] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[     ] [specify Underlying(s) in relation to each Early 
Redemption Event] 
 
Early Participation Factort: 
[     ] (Specify details) [Not applicable] 
 
Early Cap Level: 
[     ] (Specify details) [Not applicable] 
 
Early Cap Percentage: 
[     ] (Specify details) [Not applicable] 
 
Early Cap Amount: 
[     ] (Specify details) [Not applicable] 
 
Early Redemption Event: 
[     ] (Specify details) 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify underlying(s) in relation to the calculation of the Early 
Redemption Amount.] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Redemption Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one)  
 
Early Redemption Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one)

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
 
Early Payment Date(s): 
[     ] (Specify for each period if more than one)  
87.  
Early Partial Capital Payment 
Amount: (Delete sub-paragraph if 
not applicable) 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Partial Capital Payment 
Date: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Outstanding Amount 
Determination Date(s): 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
88.  
Cumulated Bonus Amount: 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
Bonus Percentage: 
[     ]  
 
Bonus Observation Date(s):  
[     ]  
 
Bonus Payment Date(s): 
[     ]  
89.  
Coupon Event: (Delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Coupon Level: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Determination Period: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Premium 1: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Premium 2: 
[     ] 
90.  
Internal Return Amount: (Delete 
sub-paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [IRA Compound / IRA Simple] [Not applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify underlying(s) in relation to the calculation of the 
Internal Return Amount.][Not applicable] 
 
Annual Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify date(s)] 
 
IRA Cap: 
[[   ]%] [Not applicable] 
 
Annual Remuneration Payment 
Date(s): 
[Specify date(s) for each Annual Valuation Date if more than 
one] 
91.  
Participation Remuneration 
Amount: (Delete sub-paragraph if 
not applicable) 
[Applicable. The Participation Remuneration Amount[s] [is] 
[are] [Long Participation Remuneration Amount[s] Form A] 
[and] [Long Participation Remuneration Amount[s] Form B] 
[Short 
Participation 
Remuneration 
Amount[s]] 
[Spread 
Participation Remuneration Amount[s]] (specify details)] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[     ] [specify Underlying(s) in relation to each Participation

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
Remuneration Amount] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Payment Date(s): 
[     ]  
 
Participation Valuation Period(s): 
[[     ] (specify in relation to each Participation Remuneration 
Amount if more than one)]  
 
Participation Valuation Date(s): 
[[     ] (specify in relation to each Participation Remuneration 
Amount if more than one)]  
 
Strike Remuneration Percentage: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Floor Percentage: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Base Premium Percentage: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Amount Gearing: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Net Profit Feature: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[if applicable, specify details / specify the relevant Participation 
Remuneration Amount(s) and the relevant Remuneration 
Payments Date(s) for the calculation of the Remuneration Sum] 
 
Tarn Feature: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Specify details and the relevant Participation Remuneration 
Amount(s) and the relevant Remuneration Payments Date(s) for 
the calculation of the Remuneration Sum] 
 
Tarn Amount  
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Combo Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Factort: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration Event: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Level(s): 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) 
 
Cliquet Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cliquet Valuation Period: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each date if more than one) 
 
Consolidation Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Consolidation Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Effect: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Level: 
[     ] (Specify the level and, if a range applies, the Up Range 
Level/Down Range Level, for each period if more than one) [Not 
applicable] 
 
Memory Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] (Specify each period if more than one) [Not applicable] 
92.  
Participation Rebate Feature: 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Rebate Event: 
[Applicable [specify details]]  
 
Participation Rebate Level: 
[     ] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
Participation Rebate Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] (specify each period if more than one) 
93.  
Floating Amount:(Only applicable 
in relation to Interest Rate 
Warrants. Delete the sub-
paragraphs if not applicable): 
[Not applicable.] [Applicable]. 
 
 
Floating Amount Determination 
Period/ Floating Amount Payment 
Date(s)/ Notional Amountt: 
t 
 
Floating 
Amount 
Determination 
Periodt 
[Notional 
Amountt] 
 
Floating 
Amount 
Payment Date 
 
from 
to 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
 
 
[The Notional Amountt is equal to the [Notional Amount] 
[               ] in relation to all the Floating Amount Determination 
Periods.] 
 
Floating Amount Determination 
Date(s): 
[               ] 
 
Interest Cap: 
[               ] 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360][Actual/Actual] (specify details, if necessary)

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
[following] [modified following] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[               ] 
 
- Manner in which Reference Rate 
is to be determined: 
Sub-paragraphs below to be 
completed if Reference Rate has to 
be determined in accordance with 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of Condition 24: [   
] 
 
- 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial Centre] 
[Not applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Currency: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
- 
Specified Time: 
[[          ] in the Relevant Financial Centre][Not applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[               ] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[               ] [Not applicable] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[               ] [Not applicable] 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[               ] [Not applicable] 
94.  
Premium Gap Amount: (Delete the 
sub-paragraphs if not applicable): 
[Not applicable.] [Applicable: [Floating Premium] [and] [Fixed 
Premium] [and] [Difference in Rates] determined on the basis 
of the number of days within the [relevant] Premium Gap 
Observation Period, which is the period that will be composed 
by: 
i. if a Barrier Gap Event has not occurred, the same number of 
days comprised in the [relevant] Premium Determination 
Period; or 
ii. if a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, the number of days 
from [and including] [but excluding] the initial day of the 
[relevant] Premium Determination Period to [and including] 
[but excluding] the day on which the Barrier Gap Event has 
occurred and not on the basis of all the days of the [relevant] 
Premium Determination Period. 
[If a Barrier Gap Event occurs, after the payment of the 
Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the payment date 
following the Barrier Gap Event Date on which a Barrier Gap 
Event has occurred, no further Premium Gap Amount will be 
paid to the investors.] 
 
Fixed Premium: (delete the 
following sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [specify in relation to which period if more than 
one]][Not applicable]  
 
− 
Premium Percentage: 
[     ]

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360][Actual/Actual] (specify details, if necessary) 
[following] [modified following] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
− 
Premium Determination 
Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
− 
Premium Gap Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
Floating Premium: (delete the 
following sub-paragraph if not 
applicable): 
[Applicable [specify in relation to which period if more than 
one]] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Premium Margin 
[Applicable [specify details] [Not applicable] (Please note that 
the Premium Margin may be equal to zero if the Issuer decides 
not to apply it for the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount) 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360][Actual/Actual] (specify details, if necessary) 
[following] [modified following] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
− 
Premium Determination 
Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
− 
Premium Gap Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
− 
Manner in which the rate of 
interest is to be determined: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of Condition 24: [   
] 
 
− 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[               ] 
 
− 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[specify relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Specified Time: 
[[     ] in the relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ]

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
 
Difference in Rates: (delete the 
following sub-paragraph if not 
applicable): 
[Applicable [specify in relation to which period if more than 
one]] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360][Actual/Actual] (specify details, if necessary) 
[following] [modified following] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
− 
Premium Determination 
Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
− 
Premium Gap Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] (specify for each period if more than one) 
 
− 
Rate 1: 
[     ] 
 
(i) Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) Premium Margin: 
[Applicable [specify details] [Not applicable] (Please note that 
the Premium Margin may be equal to zero if the Issuer decides 
not to apply it for the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount) 
 
(iii) Manner in which Rate 1 
is to be determined: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of Condition 24: [   
] 
 
Sub-paragraphs below to be 
completed if Rate 1 is 
determined in accordance 
with Screen Rate 
Determination 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[               ] 
 
− 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[specify relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
 
− 
Specified Time: 
[[     ] in the relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reset Date 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Rate 2: 
[     ] 
 
(i) Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) Premium Margin: 
[Applicable [specify details] [Not applicable] (Please note that 
the Premium Margin may be equal to zero if the Issuer decides 
not to apply it for the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount) 
 
(iii) Manner in which Rate 2 
is to be determined: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of Condition 24: [   
] 
 
Sub-paragraphs below to be 
completed if Rate 2 is 
determined in accordance 
with Screen Rate 
Determination 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[specify relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Specified Time: 
[[     ] in the relevant Financial Centre] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ]

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Reset Date 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO WARRANTS 
[Applicable][Not applicable]. 
95.  
Type of Warrants: 
[(i) the Warrants are [European/American] Style Warrants 
(ii) the Warrants are [Call] [Put] [Corridor][Covered] [Interest 
Rate] Warrants.][Not applicable] 
96.  
Notional Amount [and Final 
Notional Amount (Only applicable 
for Interest Rate Warrants)] : 
[Not applicable] [     ] 
97.  
Exercise Price: 
[Not applicable] [     ] (Only applicable for Covered Warrants) 
98.  
Premium: 
[Not applicable] [[     ] [[(being] [     ]% of the Notional 
Amount[)]] for each Warrant.] 
99.  
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Period(s): 
[from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[     ][Specify the level for each period if more than one] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Upper Barrier Level:  
[     ][Specify the level for each period if more than one] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Corridor Early Amount: 
[     ][Not applicable] 
 
Corridor Early Payment Date: 
[     ][Not applicable] 
100.  Strike Percentage: 
[     ]% [Not applicable] 
101.  Exercise Period: 
[Not applicable] [[     ]] (Only applicable for American Style 
Warrants) 
102.  Maximum Exercise Number: 
[Not applicable] [The maximum number of Warrants that must 
be exercised on any day by any Securityholder or group of 
Securityholders is [     ]] (Not applicable for European Style 
Warrants). 
103.  Settlement Determination Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ] (Only applicable for Interest Rate 
Warrants)] [Not applicable] 
104.  Settlement Determination Date: 
[[     ] (Only applicable for Interest Rate Warrants)] [Not 
applicable]

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
GENERAL 
105.  Form of Securities: 
[Bearer Securities 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Security which is exchangeable for Definitive Securities 
only in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Security.] 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities on or after the Exchange Date.] 
[Permanent Global Security exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities only in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Security.]] 
[Registered Securities] 
[Italian Dematerialised Securities] 
106.  Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable. The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in [the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA")] [and] [Insert 
jurisdiction(s) [•]] [Insert any other selling restriction [•]].] 
[Not applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, 
"Not applicable" should be specified. If the Securities may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
[MREL eligible liabilities:] 
[[Applicable] / [Not applicable]] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
107.  Syndication: 
[Not applicable.] [The Securities will be distributed on a [non-
]syndicated basis.] 
 
(i) 
[If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[give names, and addresses and underwriting commitments] 
[Not applicable.] ] 
(Including names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Managers and an indication of the material 
features of the agreements, including, where applicable, the 
quotas. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement 
of the portion not covered. Also provide an indication of the 
placing commission) 
 
(ii) 
[Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[     ] [Not applicable.] ]

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
 
(iii) 
[Stabilising Manager (if 
any): 
[Not applicable][give name and address (*)]] 
 
[If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Manager (if not the 
Issuer): 
[Name and address] [Not applicable.] ] 
 
[Total commission and other costs: 
[specify the total commission and cost (e.g. placement 
commissions or – in case the Issuer acts as Distributor – 
distribution 
commissions), 
the 
single 
components 
of 
commission and cost, if any, and the elements to be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining the variable 
commission, if any, or other structuring fees, other structuring 
costs, if any] [Not applicable.]] 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Example(s) of complex derivatives securities: 
[Not applicable.] [Insert, where available, scenarios and 
simulations of the Certificates, for informative and illustrative 
purposes only, with a statement that they do not purport either 
to be comprehensive or anticipate or guarantee future 
returns.]  
[DISTRIBUTION IN OR FROM SWITZERLAND TO PRIVATE CLIENTS AND PUBLIC OFFER] 
[If (i) Securities are not distributed in or from Switzerland to Private Clients or (ii) Private Clients in or from 
Switzerland may exclusively purchase Securities under an asset management agreement pursuant to article 58 
para. 2 FinSA, add: The Securities may be distributed in or from Switzerland only to professional and 
institutional clients and, only under certain conditions, to private clients as defined in the Swiss Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA"). No KID, PRIIPs-KID or simplified prospectus in accordance with the requirements of 
the FinSA is required or has been prepared for the purpose of such distribution. 
[If Securities are distributed in or from Switzerland to Private Clients, unless Private Clients may exclusively 
purchase Securities under an asset management agreement pursuant to article 58 para. 2 FinSA, add: The 
Securities may be distributed in or from Switzerland. A [KID][PRIIPs-KID][simplified prospectus according to 
the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act (as in force on 1 March 2013)] has been prepared and made 
available in accordance with the requirements of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") at: [insert contact 
details of Issuer][if electronic version is retrievable online: and [insert URL][If Securities are publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA, add as applicable: [The Base Prospectus 
[and [insert additional offering document] constitute[s] a prospectus in accordance with article 1156 of the Swiss 
Code of Obligations (as in effect immediately prior to the entry into force of the FinSA)][ and the listing rules 
of [SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd][BX Swiss Ltd].][The Base Prospectus [and [insert additional offering document] 
[has][have] been approved according to the requirements of the FinSA by a reviewing body authorized by the 
Swiss Financial Market Authority.]  
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[The information relating to ⚫ [and ⚫] (the "Reference Information") contained herein has been accurately 
[reproduced] [extracted] from [insert information source(s)]. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [⚫], no facts have been omitted which would render the [reproduced] 
[extracted] information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accuracy of such 
[extraction][reproduction] but accepts no further or other responsibility in respect of such information.]] 
 
 Distribution in or from Switzerland is exempt from the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 .................................................  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application [[has] [may] [will]] [also] [been] [be] made][is 
expected to be made in] [Ireland – Official List of Euronext 
Dublin] 
[and] 
[Austria] 
[Croatia] 
[France] 
[Hungary] 
[Luxembourg] [Italy] [Slovakia] [Slovenia] [Spain] [None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [[has] [may] [will]] [also] [been] [be] made][is 
expected to be made] for the Securities to be admitted to trading 
on [specify details of the relevant market/trading venue in 
Ireland/ Austria/ Croatia/ France/ Luxembourg/ Italy/ Hungary/ 
Slovakia/ Slovenia/ Spain/ as the case may be] with effect from 
[     ]. (specify all the relevant markets / trading venues - if more 
than one - by enlisting them in different paragraphs)]  
[[After the Issue Date] [A][a]pplication may be made to list the 
Securities on other stock exchanges or regulated markets or to 
admit to trading on other trading venues as the Issuer may 
decide.] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading) 
[Only qualified investors, as defined in Article 2 (e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, are allowed to purchase the Securities on 
the [•].] 
2. 
NOTIFICATION 
[The CBI [has been requested to provide/has provided] the [names of competent authorities of host 
Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Not applicable.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any commission payable to the Manager[s] [and costs payable to the Issuer], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Securities has an interest material to the offer. – Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests. In the event that the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the 
Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, include a reference to the risk factor "Potential Conflicts 
of Interest".] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[Not applicable.] [     ] 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or hedging 
certain risks will need to include those reasons here (for 
example for Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social 
Certificates, or Sustainability Certificates).)] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[Not applicable.] [     ] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources 
of other funding.) 
 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[None.] [     ].  [Expenses are required to be broken down into 
each principal intended "use" and presented in order of 
priority of such "uses".] 
((i) above is required where the reasons for the offer are 
different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks and 
where this is the case disclosure of net proceeds and total 
expenses at (ii) and (iii) above are also required.) 
5. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
[Applicable][Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the entire section)] 
[Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) - which must be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplement have been passported] 
[Offer Price:] 
[Issue Price][specify] 
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[The Offer Period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be 
open and description of the application 
process:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised:] 
[Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Process for notifying to applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes charged 
to the subscriber or purchaser:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Consent to use of Base Prospectus] 
[Not applicable.] [[The Issuer consents to the use of 
the Base Prospectus by all financial intermediaries 
(the "Authorised Offerors") (general consent).] 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base 
Prospectus 
by 
the 
following 
Financial 
Intermediary[y][ies] (individual consent): [insert 
names] 
and 
address[es]] 
(the 
"Authorised 
Offerors").] 
[Such consent is also subject to and given under 
condition [ ]] 
[The subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Certificates by the Authorised Offerors can be made 
[as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in 
accordance with article 12 of the Prospectus 
Regulation] [include relevant period if less than 12 
months].]] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the Managers / 
Distributors in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[None/give details] 
 
(ii) 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) 
of the global offer and of single parts of 
the offer: 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Name and address of any paying agents 
and depository agents in each country 
(in addition to the Principal Security 
Agent): 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis, and entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
[Not applicable] [⚫]

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
commitment or under "best efforts" 
arrangements: 
 
(v) 
Date of signing of the [underwriting] / 
[placement] agreement 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
7. 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information about the 
Underlying(s) will be reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-
issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations]. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Common 
Code][●][specify 
other 
security identification code, if any]: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
 
[(iii)] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., relevant 
address(es), 
and 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable/Monte Titoli/give name(s) and 
number(s)] 
 
[(iv)] 
Names and addresses of initial 
Security Agents: 
[            ] 
 
[(v)] 
[Name(s) and address(es) of Listing 
Agent(s) (only applicable for Listing 
Agent(s) other than the Irish Listing 
Agent. Delete if not applicable):] 
[[            ]]

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
 
[Insert the issue specific summary for the Securities]

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
[ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS  
(Only applicable in the case of multi-products issuance)] 
[Applicable table in case of Warrants: 
Series 
(Item 2 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specifi
c  
Summa
ry 
(Delete 
when 
Summa
ry is not 
applica
ble)]) 
Warrant
s Isin 
Code [or 
other 
security 
identific
ation 
code if 
different 
from 
ISIN 
Code] 
(Paragr
aph 16 
of Part 
B [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Underl
ying 
(Item 6 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specifi
c 
Summ
ary 
(Delete 
when 
Summa
ry is 
not 
applica
ble)]) 
Call/Call 
Spread/ 
Put/Put 
Spread 
(Item 93 of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] 
of the Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)]
) 
Isin 
Underlyi
ng 
(Paragra
ph 6 of 
Part B 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Strike 
Percenta
ge 
(Item 98 
of Part 
A [and 
Element 
C.19 of 
the 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Valuati
on Date 
(Item 43 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)])] 
[Exercis
e Date] 
[Exercis
e Period] 
(Item [•] 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Settleme
nt Date 
(Item 9 of 
Part A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable
)])] 
Notional 
Amount 
(Item 94 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Minimu
m 
Exercise 
Amount 
(Item 3 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Exchang
e/Sponso
r of the 
Index 
(Item [•]  
of Part 
A and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Lower 
Barrier 
Level] 
(specify 
for each 
period if 
more 
than one) 
(Item 85 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Upper 
Barrier 
Level] 
specify 
for each 
period if 
more 
than one) 
(Item 85 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Corridor 
Early 
Amount 
(Item 97 
of Part A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable
)]) 
]

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
[Applicable table in case of Certificates: 
Series 
(Item 2 of 
Part 
A 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Certifica
tes 
Isin 
Code [or 
other 
security 
identifica
tion code 
if 
different 
from 
ISIN 
Code] 
(Paragra
ph 16 of 
Part B ) 
Underlyi
ng 
(Item 6 of 
Part 
A 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Isin 
Underlyin
g 
(Paragrap
h 6 of Part 
B 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)
]) 
[Valuation 
Date 
(Item 43 of 
Part 
A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)
])] 
[Settlement 
Date 
(Item 
9 
of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicable)])] 
[•] Amount 
(specify 
for 
each period if 
more 
than 
one) 
(Item [•] of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)]) 
[•] 
Level 
(specify 
for 
each period if 
more than one) 
(Item [•] of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is not 
applicable)]) 
[•]  
[Valuation] 
[Observation] 
[Determination] 
[Date/Period] 
(Item [•] of Part A 
[and Section [•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when Summary is not 
applicable)]) 
Exchange/ 
Sponsor of 
the Index 
(Item [•] of 
Part A and 
Section [•] 
of the Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)] 
) 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
]

--- Page 362 ---
362 
 
TAXATION 
1. 
GENERAL 
The tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the Securities. 
Transactions involving Securities may be subject to stamp taxes and give rise to certain other tax 
consequences for potential purchasers which may depend, amongst other things, upon the status of the 
potential purchaser and laws relating to transfer and registration taxes. Paragraphs below summarise, for 
information purposes only, certain aspects of the tax treatment of transactions involving Securities in 
Ireland, Austria, Croatia, France, Luxembourg, Italy, Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland 
and United States. However, such transactions may have tax consequences in other jurisdictions. 
Potential purchasers who are in any doubt about the tax position of any aspect of transactions involving 
Securities should consult their own tax advisers. 
The following general discussion does not take into account taxation which may be imposed by way of 
withholding or otherwise in Ireland, Austria, Croatia, France, Luxembourg, Italy, Hungary, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland and United States or in any other jurisdiction, on income and capital gains 
in any form, on any of the underlying assets to which the Securities may relate. 
Condition 10 (Expenses and Taxation) should be considered carefully by all potential purchasers of any 
Securities. 
2. 
AUSTRIA 
The following is a general discussion of certain Austrian tax consequences of the acquisition, holding 
and disposal of the Securities. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Austrian tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Securities, and, in particular, does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is not intended 
to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific 
terms of such Series or Tranche of Securities as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following 
section only provides some general information on the possible tax treatment of Securities to be 
considered capital assets (Kapitalvermögen) under Sec 27 Austrian Income Tax Act. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities, including the effect of any state, 
local or church taxes, under the tax laws of Austria and any country of which they are resident or whose 
tax laws apply to them for other reasons. This overview is based on Austrian law as in force when drawing 
up this Prospectus. The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities and tax courts may change 
and such changes may also have retroactive effect. It cannot be ruled out that the Austrian tax authorities 
adopt a view different from that outlined below.  
Austrian individuals 
Realized capital gains (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) from the Securities whose ongoing 
payments are considered to be income from the provision of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von 
Kapital) within the meaning of Sec 27 Para 2 of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) 
or income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) within the meaning of Sec 27 Para 4 of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act derived by individuals, whose domicile or habitual abode is in Austria, in general are 
subject to Austrian income tax at a special rate of 27.5% (depending on the specifics of the respective 
Security exemptions from this special tax rate may apply and progressive taxation may apply). Realised 
capital gain (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) means inter alia any income derived from the

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
sale or redemption of the Securities. The tax base is, in general, the difference between the sale proceeds 
or the redemption amount and the acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest. Income from 
derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) means inter alia any cleared differences (Differenzausgleich), 
writer premiums (Stillhalterprämie) and income from the sale or other settlement of derivatives. 
Expenses which are directly connected with income subject to the special tax rate are not deductible. For 
Securities held as private assets, the acquisition costs shall not include incidental acquisition costs. The 
income may in general be subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) if the Securities are kept or 
administrated in a custodial institution (depotführende Stelle) or paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) in 
Austria. If the income from the capital gain is not subject to withholding tax deduction, the taxpayer will 
have to include the income from the capital gain in his personal income tax return pursuant to the 
provisions of the Austrian Income Tax Act. Generally the possibilities of tax loss offset are limited for 
capital assets held as private assets. 
If ongoing payments of the Securities are considered to be income from the provision of capital (Einkünfte 
aus der Überlassung von Kapital) within the meaning of Sec 27 Para 2 of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
(Einkommensteuergesetz) (e.g. dividend payments, interest payments) this income will in general be 
subject to Austrian income tax at a special tax rate of 27.5% provided that the income is derived by 
individuals, whose domicile or habitual abode is in Austria (depending on the specifics of the respective 
Security exemptions from this special tax rate may apply and progressive taxation may apply) The tax 
base is, in general, the received payment by the individual. The income may in general be subject to 
withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) if the Securities are kept or administrated in a paying agent 
(auszahlende Stelle) in Austria or if the debtor has its seat, place of management in Austria or is the 
branch of a foreign credit institute. If the income from the capital gain is not subject to withholding tax 
deduction, the taxpayer will have to include the income from the capital gain in his personal income tax 
return pursuant to the provisions of the Austrian Income Tax Act.  
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at 
source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at source. 
Austrian corporations 
Corporations seated in Austria or whose place of management is in Austria are subject to corporate 
income tax at a tax rate of 25%. This in general includes ongoing income from Securities and realized 
capital gains or derivative income from Securities.  
Under certain prerequisites, Austrian corporations holding Securities may declare exemption from 
withholding tax deduction by submitting a corresponding statement (Befreiungserklärung) to the 
Austrian custody bank and competent financial authority. With this statement the Austrian corporation 
has to declare its identity and has to confirm that the Securities are held as business assets. If such 
declaration is not submitted all income from the Securities will in general be subject to withholding tax 
deduction. Such withheld tax may be set off with the corporate income tax. 
Again, the Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
at source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at source. 
Non-resident taxation 
Individuals who do not have their domicile of their habitual abode in Austria are subject to Austrian 
limited income tax liability (non-resident taxation) with certain types of income. Income derived from 
the Securities subject to this non-resident taxation may be subject to the special tax rate in the amount of 
27.5% (depending on the specifics of the respective Security exemptions from this special tax rate may 
apply and progressive taxation may apply). The income may be subject to withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) or may need to be declared in a respective personal income tax return. The

--- Page 364 ---
364 
 
individual may be eligible to apply for a refund to Austrian tax on the basis of applicable double taxation 
treaties.  
Corporations who do not have their seat or place of management in Austria are subject to Austrian limited 
corporate income tax liability (non-resident taxation) with certain types of income. Income derived from 
the Securities subject to this non-resident taxation may be subject to withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) or may need to be declared in a respective corporate income tax return. The 
corporation may be eligible to apply for a refund to Austrian tax on the basis of applicable double taxation 
treaties.  
Again, the Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
at source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at source. 
3. 
CROATIA 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Croatia as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and/or entry into force of any relevant law 
occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant 
to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Securities and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Securities are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their interest in the 
Securities. 
Taxation of individuals 
Tax obligor is a natural person - income earner and heir to all tax obligations arising from income earned 
by the decedent until his death. The heir is at the same time tax obligor to income accrued from inherited 
sources of income.  
Taxable sources of income are: 
(i) income from salaried employment, 
(ii) income from self-employment, 
(iii) income from property and property rights, 
(iv) income from capital, 
(v) other income. 
Resident is a natural person whose residence or habitual abode is in the Republic of Croatia. Resident is 
also a natural person not having the place of residence or habitual abode in the Republic of Croatia and 
is employed with a governmental office of the Republic of Croatia and receives salary on that basis. 
Non-resident is a natural person not having the place of residence or habitual abode in the Republic of 
Croatia and earning income in the Republic of Croatia which is taxable according to the Croatian Income 
Tax Act. 
Taxable basis i.e. tax base: 
a. 
for a resident is the total amount of income gained from salaried employment, self-employment, 
property and property rights, capital and other income gained by the resident in the country and 
abroad (world income principle) less resident's personal allowance, 
b. for a non-resident is the total amount of income from salaried employment, self-employment, 
property and property rights, capital and other income gained by the non-resident in the country 
(domicile land principle) less non-resident's personal allowance.

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
With respect to income gained by non-resident natural persons in capacity of performers (artists, 
entertainers, athletes), there is no obligation to charge, withhold and pay income tax advance or income 
tax when compensation for their performances is paid to a foreign person, which is not a legal person, 
pursuant to an agreement with such foreign person, i.e. such compensation is taxable according to 
withholding tax provisions. 
Income from capital are deemed receipts from interests, withdrawals of assets and use of services charged 
against income of the current period, capital gains and shares in profit realised from allocation or option 
purchase of treasury shares, which are realised in the tax period, including dividends and shares in profit 
on the basis of shares in capital. 
Croatian Income Tax Act provides a wide list of earnings from interests being subject to taxation (at 
applicable rate as provided for in the Croatian Income Tax Act), including those realized under a) interests 
payable on securities (vrijednosni papiri), b) interest on HRK and foreign savings, c) interests realized 
on the basis of granted loans and facilities and d) revenues realized based on division of income of an 
investment fund in form of interest, if they are not taxed as profit shares on the basis of distribution of 
profit or income of an investment fund. However, the Croatian Income Tax Act provides for explicit 
statutory exemption, among others in case of default interest and interest realised through investment in 
the notes (being obveznice under applicable Croatian laws), regardless of the issuer and type of notes. As 
no guidance has been published by the Croatian Tax Authorities, potential interpretation of the said 
provisions by the Croatian Tax Authorities cannot be assessed. 
As of 1 January 2016, pursuant to the Croatian Income Tax Act, capital income on the basis of capital 
gain represents a difference between the agreed selling price, i.e. revenue determined based on the market 
value of financial assets being disposed of and the purchase value.  
Within the meaning of the foregoing paragraph, the following revenues are considered as revenues 
realized by disposal of financial assets (financial instruments and structured products), i.e. receipts from: 
(i) transferable securities (vrijednosni papiri) and structured products, including shares in companies and 
other associations whose shares may be disposed of similarly as shares in companies; (ii) money market 
instruments; (iii) units of joint ventures; (iv) derivatives; and/or (v) proportional value of liquidation 
estate in case of liquidation of an investment fund and other revenues realized from ownership shares in 
case of liquidation, cessation or withdrawal.  
Within the meaning of the foregoing paragraphs, disposal of financial assets means sale, exchange, gift 
or other transfer, however does not include: (i) transfer of share from one pension fund to another; (ii) 
exchange of securities (vrijednosni papiri) with the equivalent securities of the same issuer, whereby the 
ratios among the holders and capital of issuer are not altered, as well as exchange of securities (vrijednosni 
papiri), i.e. financial instruments with other securities (vrijednosni papiri) or financial instruments, and 
acquisition of securities (vrijednosni papiri) or financial instruments in case of change of status changes, 
provided that in all these cases there is no cash flow and the sequence of acquisition of financial property 
is ensured (acquisition value shall be considered the value determined on the date of first acquisition of 
financial property); (iii) division of stocks of the same issuer, whereupon the share capital shall not be 
altered and there shall be no cash flow; (iv) exchange of shares among the investment sub-funds under 
the same umbrella fund, i.e. exchange of shares among the investment funds managed by the same 
management company, provided that the sequence of acquisition of financial property is ensured 
(acquisition value shall be considered the value determined on the date of first acquisition of financial 
property); and/or (v) repurchase of shares of the Croatian War Veterans’ Fund. 
Capital income from revenues from joint ventures shall be determined in the amount of realized yield, 
decreased for costs of management of investments, i.e. costs of management of investment fund assets 
(net yield), i.e. in case of discounted securities (vrijednosni papiri) and zero-coupon bonds, in the amount 
of difference between the purchase value at the moment of issue and realized value at maturity if the 
purchaser holds the security until its maturity. Capital income on the basis of capital gains realized 
through the investment of financial assets into portfolios, in line with the regulations applicable for capital 
markets, shall be determined in the moment of realization of yield from the portfolio decreased by the 
costs of portfolio management (net yield).

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
Capital income on the basis of capital gains shall not be taxed if disposal has been made between the 
spouses and first-degree relatives and other members of immediate family (as defined in the Croatian 
Income Tax Act), between the divorced spouses if disposal is in immediate connection with the divorce, 
inheritance of financial assets and if financial assets are disposed of after two years from the date of 
purchase, i.e. acquisition of the same. 
If financial assets were acquired as a gift and disposed of in a period of two years from the date of 
acquisition, the person disposing the assets shall be determined the capital income in line with the 
Croatian Income Tax Act.  
Capital losses may be deducted only from the income from capital gains which is realized in the same 
calendar year. Capital losses may be stated up to the amount of the tax basis. 
Capital income realized in a foreign currency shall be calculated in HRK counter value by application of 
the middle exchange rate of the Croatian National Bank on the day of payment. 
Specifically, as income from capital are deemed capital gains and gains from dividends and profit sharing 
on the basis of shares in capital. Amendments to the Croatian Income Tax Act have introduced change 
of income tax payments on the basis of receipts from dividends or profit sharing on the basis of shares in 
capital and capital gains from the rate of 12% to rate of 10%. which shall enter into effect as of 
determining income tax for year 2021 and so forth. Dividends and profit sharings on the basis of shares 
in capital are taxable at source, while the obligor of calculation, withholding and payment of tax for 
capital gains is the tax obligor acquirer of revenue from the country or from the abroad, if not provided 
to the contrary by an international treaty (or the company managing financial assets of the tax obligor or 
Central Depository and Clearing Company);for income from capital based on disposal of share in capital, 
a tax obligor and; a person disposing of financial assets in case of financial assets was acquired as a gift 
and disposed of in a period of two years from the date of acquisition. The company, payer of dividends 
or shares in profit is obliged to assess, withhold and pay tax simultaneously with the payment of dividends 
or profit. It should be noted that on top of income tax the income tax surcharge is levied which is defined 
in the city or municipal regulations depending on the place of residence or habitual abode of the tax 
obligor. The tax basis for surcharge tax is the assessed income tax and the payer of the receipts is obliged 
to assess, withhold and prepay tax simultaneously with the payment of receipts.  
If the resident receives income from capital from abroad without a local intermediary, he is obliged to 
pay tax at the applicable tax rate. In a situation where the tax payer chose that Central Depository and 
Clearing Company shall keep records, calculate income and income tax and report to tax authorities 
thereof, he is obliged to deliver all data necessary for determination of income tax to Central Depository 
and Clearing Company. 
The general tax rules outlined above apply to the extent there are no limitations imposed under applicable 
double tax treaties. Source taxation may be obviated or reduced pursuant to the terms of an applicable 
double taxation treaty under the conditions as provided for in the applicable tax legislation. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
In accordance with Local Taxes Act and subject to any applicable double taxation treaty, any natural 
person or legal entity who inherits or receives gifts (including securities) with individual value higher 
than HRK 50,000.00 in the Republic of Croatia is under an obligation to pay Croatian tax in respect of 
such inheritance or gift at a rate of 4%. Certain exemptions with respect to application of the aforestated 
tax are available in line with the Local Taxes Act. 
EU Savings Directive 
EU Savings Directive has been incorporated in the earlier version of the Croatian General Tax Act and 
has come into force on 1st July 2013. The EU Savings Directive has been repealed by Council Directive 
(EU) 2015/2060 of 10 November 2015 which came into force on 1st January 2017. This Directive has 
not been transposed in any particular legislation act in Croatia.

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
No gross-up for taxes withheld 
Purchasers of the Securities should note that neither the Issuer nor any other person will assume any 
liability for taxes withheld from payments under the Securities, nor make any additional payments in 
regard of these taxes, i.e. no gross-up will apply if a withholding tax is imposed. 
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized financial 
transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the Securities. 
Taxation of corporations 
Corporate (profit) tax obligors are: 
1. companies and other legal entities and natural persons residing in the Republic of Croatia that are 
self-employed and perform economic operations permanently and for the purpose of making the 
profit, income or revenues or other valuable commercial benefits; 
2. local business units of a foreign entrepreneur (non-resident); 
3. a natural person determining income in a manner prescribed for self-employment according to 
income tax regulations or natural person commencing with self-employment if he/she declares that 
he/she will pay corporate (profit) tax instead of income tax; 
4. a natural person determining income in a manner prescribed for self-employment according to 
income tax regulations or natural person commencing with self-employment if the total turnover in 
the previous tax period exceeded HRK 7,500,000, or  
5. exceptionally, government administration bodies, regional self-administration bodies, local self-
administration bodies, Croatian National Bank, institutions of regional self-administration units, 
institutions of local self-administration units, state institutes, religious communities, political parties, 
trade unions, chambers, associations, artists associations, voluntary fire-fighting societies, technical 
culture communities, tourist communities, sports clubs, sports societies and associations, trusts and 
funds, if they perform commercial activities whose non-taxation would lead to unjustified advantages 
on the market (they are subject to corporate (profit) tax for such commercial activities). The tax 
authority will at own initiative or at the proposal of other tax obligors declare in its decision that the 
above stated persons are obliged to pay corporate (profit) tax for such commercial activities; 
6. each entrepreneur and his legal successor not counted to entrepreneurs counted in items 1 through 5 
who is not an income tax obligor according to the income tax regulations and whose profit is not 
taxable elsewhere. 
The tax base shall be the profit determined pursuant to the accounting regulations as the difference 
between revenues and expenditures before the profit tax assessment, increased and reduced in accordance 
with the provisions of Croatian Profit Tax Act. The tax base of a resident taxpayer shall be the profit 
earned in Croatia and abroad and the tax base of a non-resident shall only be the profit earned in Croatia 
which shall be assessed in accordance with the provisions of Croatian Profit Tax Act. Income from the 
liquidation or other procedure by which the payer terminates operations in accordance with special 
regulations, income from sale, changes in the legal form and division of the payer is included in the tax 
base, and the tax base is determined according to the market value of the assets, unless otherwise provided 
by Croatian Profit Tax Act. 
Withholding tax obligors are payers of interests (certain exemptions available under the Croatian Profit 
Tax Act), dividends, shares in profit, royalties for copyrights and other intellectual property rights 
(copyrights, patents, licences, trademarks, designs or models, production processes, production formulae, 
drawings, plans, industrial or scientific experience and similar rights) to foreign persons other than natural 
persons and paying for market research services, tax and business consulting or audit services to foreign 
persons and paying any other kinds of services paid to persons having their registered seats or places of 
actual administration or supervision in countries deemed tax havens or financial centres other than EU 
member states and countries with which the Republic of Croatia entered into and applies double tax

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
treaties and which are included in the List of Countries issued by the Finance Minister and published on 
web pages of the Ministry of Finance and Tax Administration. 
In case of withholding tax the subject of taxation is the gross amount of payment paid by a payer in the 
country to a non-resident - foreign recipient.  
Corporate (profit) tax rate is 10% if the income of the obligor in the tax period amounts to HRK 
7,500,000.00 and 18% if the income of the obligor in the tax period is equal or over the amount of HRK 
7,500,000.01, withholding tax rate is 15%, except for dividends and shares in profit for which the 
withholding tax rate is 10%, and 20% for all kinds of services paid to persons having their registered seat 
or place of actual administration or supervision in countries deemed tax havens or financial centres other 
than EU member states and countries with which the Republic of Croatia entered into and applies double 
tax treaties and which are included in the List of Countries issued by the Finance Minister and published 
on web pages of the Ministry of Finance and Tax Administration. 
Croatian withholding tax can be reduced under an effective double tax treaty.  
Finally, Council Directive 2003/49/EC of 3 June 2003 on a common system of taxation applicable to 
interest and royalty payments made between associated companies of different Member States, the 
Council Directive 90/435/EEC on the common system of taxation applicable in the case of parent 
companies and subsidiaries of different Member States and Council Directive 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 
as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries, have been transposed to Croatian legal system  through 
Income Tax Act.  
4. 
FRANCE 
The following is a general discussion of certain French taxation matters and is (i) based on the laws and 
practice in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect and (ii) 
prepared on the assumption that the Issuer is not a French resident for French tax purposes and is not 
acting from a French branch or permanent establishment in connection with the Securities. Investors 
should be aware that the statements below are of a general nature and addressed to French investors 
excluding those who invest on a regular basis under the same conditions as stock exchange professional 
investors. They do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective 
investors should consult their professional advisers so as to determine, in the light of their individual 
situation, the tax consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Securities. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which are settled or redeemed by way of 
physical delivery of shares issued by a French company (or certain assimilated securities): 
- 
the disposal for consideration of French shares is, in principle, subject to a 0.1 per cent. transfer 
tax (the Transfer Tax), provided in the case of shares listed on a recognised stock exchange that 
the transfer is evidenced by a deed or agreement; 
- 
a financial transaction tax in France (the French Financial Transaction Tax) is imposed on certain 
acquisitions of French shares (or certain assimilated securities) which are listed on a recognized 
stock exchange where the relevant issuer's stock market capitalisation exceeds €1 billion (on 1 
December of the previous calendar year). The French Financial Transaction Tax rate is 0.3 per 
cent. of the acquisition price of the transaction.  
- 
If the French Financial Transaction Tax applies to a transaction, an exemption in respect of the 
Transfer Tax would be applicable. 
French tax implications for the French resident holders of Securities

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
(i) With respect to French individual tax residents 
Subject to the application of the relevant double tax treaty, income and gains realised in respect of the 
Securities by a French individual tax resident, as the case may be, (assuming that such payments would 
not be attributable to an enterprise carried on by the French income tax resident subject to French 
individual income tax) should be deemed as income from movable capital and subject to a a 12.8 per cent 
flat tax (with respect to dividends payments, the 12.8 per cent flat tax is due at the time where the income 
is paid and deemed as an advance payment made in respect of their personal income tax and deductible 
from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which payment has been made). Social 
contributions are also applicable at an overall rate of 17.2 per cent on income from movable capital 
received by French individual tax residents (with respect to dividend payments, the social contributions 
are also levied at the time where the income is paid). In addition, an exceptional contribution to income 
tax may be assessed in respect of individuals with taxable income over €250,000. French resident 
individuals should seek tax advice from their professional adviser as regards the timing and collection 
process of the income mentioned above. 
(ii) With respect to French corporate tax residents 
Income or gains in relation to the Securities are subject to corporate income tax at the standard rate (or 
the reduced rates applicable to small and medium-sized companies where the relevant conditions are 
met), to which a 3.3 per cent. surtax is added (for companies which turnover exceeds € 7,630,000, the 
surtax applying to the portion of corporate income tax charge exceeding € 763,000). The standard rate 
applicable for financial years opened in 2021 of 26.5 per cent per cent. is increased to 27.5 per cent. for 
large companies which turnover is equal or superior to € 250,000,000. The standard rate will decrease for 
all companies down to 25 per cent. for financial year opened as from 1 January 2022. Losses are in 
principle treated as ordinary losses which may be set off against operational profits and any remaining 
balance carried forward in accordance with standard rules (i.e. unlimited carry forward, in principle, it 
being noted however that carry forward losses can only be offset against profits of a given year up to an 
amount of € 1,000,000 plus 50 per cent. of the taxable profit of that year). Interest payments are taxed on 
an accruals basis. Any redemption premium would be taxable upon receipt unless the estimated value of 
the redemption premium exceeds 10 per cent. of the purchase value of the instrument and the issue price 
is less than 90 per cent. of the estimated redemption value, in which case the taxation of this premium 
would be spread over the life of the instrument according to article 238 septies E of the French tax code. 
The timing of recognition of income, gains or losses in relation to the holding or disposal of the Securities 
may vary, depending on the characteristics of the Securities. 
5. 
HUNGARY 
The following discussion is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It 
is based on the laws presently in force in Hungary and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, 
which may be subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. It is not intended to be, 
nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice, therefore should be treated with appropriate caution. 
This is a general discussion and does not constitute a complete description of all the tax issues that may 
be relevant in making the decision to invest in Securities in Hungary. Prospective investors in the 
Securities who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their own professional advisers. 
Taxation of resident private individuals 
Personal Income Tax 
Resident private individuals shall be subject to tax liability in respect of all their income (all-inclusive 
tax liability). 
Income from interest 
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of individual holders, interest 
income (Interest Income) - among others - is the income paid as interest and the capital gains realised

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
upon the redemption or the sale of publicly offered and publicly traded debt Securities (with the exception 
of the sale of collective investment securities on the Hungarian stock market or the stock market of any 
EEA or OECD state). The term “debt securities” is defined in Act CXX of 2001 on the Capital Market. 
Generally, securities which do not pertain to the category of securities representing membership rights, 
should be treated as debt securities, therefore, income deriving from the Securities may qualify as income 
deriving from debt securities from personal income tax perspective. Securities listed on a regulated 
market of an EEA member state are considered publicly offered and traded securities. The Interest 
Income is subject to personal income tax of 15 per cent, which will be withheld by the Payor (kifizető) 
(for the definition of Payor please see below). In the absence of a Payor, the individual is obliged to 
assess, report and pay the tax on Interest Income. 
The proceeds paid on privately placed Securities which are not listed on a regulated market of an EEA 
member state are considered as other income (Other Income) which is taxable at a rate up of 15 per cent 
and may be subject to uncapped social tax of 17.5 per cent, as well.  
The capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of such securities is considered, as a general rule, 
capital gains income (Capital Gains Income). The tax rate applicable to Capital Gains Income is 15 per 
cent, while the rate of social tax payable on the basis of Capital Gains Income realised by Hungarian 
resident individuals is 17.5 per cent. For this purpose, the aggregate annual upper threshold of the social 
tax amount is 17.5 per cent of 24 times the all-time effective minimum wage in Hungary (which means 
HUF 676,200 annual social tax cap calculated based on the 2020 minimum wage amount effective in 
Hungary).  
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement upon the 
Payor (for the definition of Payor please see below) to withhold tax on the interest payments to individual 
holders. In certain circumstances, Act LII of 2018 on Social Tax also imposes a requirement on the Payor 
to withhold social tax on payments provided to private individuals which are subject to social tax. 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation the definition of a Payor covers a Hungarian resident 
legal person, other organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) provides taxable income, irrespective 
of whether such payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In 
respect of interest, Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the 
investment service provider or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of revenues 
originating from a transaction concluded with the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall 
mean such stockbroker. In respect of income that is earned in a foreign country and taxable in Hungary, 
Payor shall mean the "paying agent" (megbízott) (legal person, organisation or private entrepreneur) 
having tax residency in Hungary, except in cases where the role of a financial institution is limited to 
performing the bank transfer or payment. 
In addition, for personal income tax purposes Payor means the Hungarian resident credit institution agent 
which provides taxable income in connection with the service provision of the foreign person/entity 
performed in Hungary.  
Personal Income Tax Rate  
In Hungary the personal income tax rate is 15 per cent. 
Withholding tax 
As long as the income from the transaction - according to the tax regulations of the payer’s country 
legislation – is considered as dividends, it may be limitedly taxable by the Issuer or by the entity 
performing the payments related to the Securities on behalf of the Issuer.  
Taxation of resident entities

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax 
The tax liability of resident taxpayers shall apply to their income from Hungary and from abroad, both 
(total tax liability). In general, resident entities are those established under the laws of Hungary (i.e. 
having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place of management in Hungary are 
also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. 
In general, the interest and capital gain realized on the transactions with Securities by resident entities 
will be the part of their pre-tax profit/loss and will be taxable in the same way as the income from the 
regular operation where pre-tax profit, adjusted with the tax base modifying items shall represent the 
corporate tax base. 
The corporate tax rate is 9 per cent. (flat rate) of the positive tax base. 
Duties and Local Business Tax for resident taxpayers (individual and corporate) 
The Securities should be classified as movable tangible properties in respect of duties. In case of 
inheritance, gifting or quid pro quo transfer of property of Securities in certain cases it is necessary to 
count with the occurrence of duty paying liability. The general rate of inheritance and gift duty is 18 per 
cent. of the net worth of the inheritance or gifts received by any one heir, legatee or donee. The general 
rate of duty on the quid pro quo transfer of property is 4 per cent. 
The proceeds received on Securities held by credit institutions, financial enterprises, insurance companies 
or investment firms can be subject to local business tax. Generally, in case of other taxpayers, the 
proceeds realized from similar transactions is not part of the local business tax base. 
Withholding tax 
The legislation of withholding tax for resident entities is similar to resident private individuals, and it is 
regulated in the double taxation treaty. 
Taxation of non-resident private individuals 
Personal Income Tax 
Non-resident private individual shall mean all natural persons other than resident private individuals. 
The tax liability of non-resident private individuals shall apply to income that originates in Hungary as 
the place of gainful activity or is taxable in Hungary by virtue of international agreement or reciprocity 
(limited tax liability).  
Generally, Interest Income should be treated as having a Hungarian source - among others - where the 
relevant issuer is resident in Hungary for tax purposes. As in the present case the Issuer of the Securities 
should not be considered as an entity resident in Hungary for tax purposes, the Interest Income should 
not be regarded as having a Hungarian source.  
Please note that the provisions of applicable double tax conventions, if any, should also be considered 
when assessing the Hungarian tax liabilities of a foreign resident individual holder. 
Taxation of non-resident entities  
Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax 
Foreign nationals shall be deemed taxpayers, as well as non-resident entities whose head office is located 
abroad if they (a) carry out business operations via a permanent establishment in Hungary, provided that 
they are not considered resident taxpayers due to the location of their head office (non-resident

--- Page 372 ---
372 
 
entrepreneurs) or (b) obtain any income through the transfer or withdrawal of participating interest in a 
company with real estate holdings (member of a company with real estate holdings). 
The tax liability of non-resident entrepreneurs shall apply to their income attributable to the Hungarian 
permanent establishment (limited tax liability). 
When establishing the corporate tax, resident taxpayers and non-resident entrepreneurs shall adjust the 
tax base so that it contains no income that is subject to taxation abroad, if so prescribed by international 
treaty. In other cases, resident taxpayers and non-resident entrepreneurs may deduct from the corporate 
tax any tax paid (or payable) abroad that is equivalent to corporate tax. 
Duties for non-resident tax payers 
In general, the rules of duties for the non-resident individuals and entities are the same. 
The rules of inheritance duty should be applied to all heritage located in Hungary. The same provisions 
should be applied to the movable tangible properties (e.g. Securities) inherited by a Hungarian citizen or 
a non-Hungarian citizen residing in Hungary or a legal entity established in Hungary, where the heritage 
is situated abroad if no inheritance duty or tax corresponding thereto is payable in the state in which such 
heritage is situated. 
The provisions governing duties on gifts and transfer for consideration of property shall apply to 
moveable tangible properties (e.g. the Securities), unless otherwise provided for by an international 
agreement. 
If the transfer of movable tangible property took place in Hungary, the owner of that movable tangible 
property should calculate with the duty paying liability, in line with the general rules mentioned regarding 
resident private individuals. 
6. 
LUXEMBOURG 
The statements herein regarding tax considerations in Luxembourg are based on the laws in force in 
Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law. 
The following information is of a general nature, is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. 
Prospective investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject as a 
result of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Securities. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding tax 
Non-Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon settlement, 
repurchase or exchange of the Securities held by non-resident holders of Securities. 
Resident holders of Securities

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Securities, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon settlement, repurchase or exchange of Securities 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Securities. 
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg are at present subject 
to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the 
beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments 
of interest or similar income under the Securities coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to 
withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
Taxation of Corporate Holders  
Luxembourg corporate holders  
Holders of Securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income 
tax on a repayment of principal.  
A corporate holder of Securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, or who has a 
permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg corporation taxes in respect of the interest received or accrued on 
the Securities as well as on any redemption premium received or issue discount realized.  
Gains realized by a corporate holder of Securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or 
who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities 
are attributable, on the sale or disposal of their Securities, are subject to Luxembourg corporation taxes.  
Non-resident corporate holders not having a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Luxembourg  
Gains realized by a non-resident corporate holder of Securities who does not have a permanent 
establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities are attributable, on the 
sale or disposal of their Securities, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax.  
Wealth tax  
Under present Luxembourg tax laws, a holder of Securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax 
purposes, or a non-resident holder of Securities who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of 
business in Luxembourg to which the Securities are attributable, has to take into account the Securities 
for purposes of the Luxembourg wealth tax, with the exception of certain holders falling within the laws 
on family estate management companies dated May 11, 2007, on regulated investment funds dated 
December 17, 2010, on specialized investment funds dated February 13, 2007, on securitization 
companies dated March 22, 2004, as amended, and on reserved alternative investment funds dated 
July 23, 2016, as regards entities which are subject to the specialized investment funds Luxembourg tax 
regime.  
Taxation of Individual Holders  
Resident individuals  
Holders of Securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income 
tax on a repayment of principal.

--- Page 374 ---
374 
 
An individual holder of Securities managing their private wealth, who is a resident of Luxembourg for 
tax purposes, is subject to income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption 
premium received or issue discount realized on the Securities, except where (i) such interest has been 
subject to withholding tax under the law of December 23, 2005, as amended, or (ii) the individual holder 
of the Securities has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance 
with the law of December 23, 2005, as amended, which applies if a payment of interest has been made 
or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area (other than a EU Member State).  
Under Luxembourg tax laws, a gain realized by an individual holder of Securities managing their private 
wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, on the sale or disposal of the Securities is 
not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place at least six months after 
the acquisition of the Securities. An individual holder of Securities, managing their private wealth and 
who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, has to further include the portion of their gain 
corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income in respect of the Securities in their taxable income, 
except where such interest has been subject to withholding tax under the law of December 23, 2005, as 
amended.  
Gains realized upon the sale or disposal of the Securities by an individual holder of their Securities, 
managing a professional or business undertaking, who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or 
who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities 
are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income tax. There is no wealth tax for individuals.  
An individual holder of Securities managing a professional or business undertaking must include this 
interest in their taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the law of December 23, 
2005, as amended, will be credited against their final tax liability.  
Non-resident individuals  
A non-resident holder of Securities, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative 
in Luxembourg to which/whom such Securities are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax 
on interest accrued or received, redemption premium received or issue discount realized on the notes or 
gains realized on the sale or disposal of the Securities.  
Indirect Taxes  
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Securities will give rise to 
any Luxembourg registration tax or similar taxes.  
Inheritance and gift taxes  
Under present Luxembourg tax laws, in the case where a holder of Securities is a resident for tax purposes 
of Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Securities are included in his taxable estate for inheritance 
tax purposes and gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of notes if a deed is registered in Luxembourg.  
No stamp duty  
A fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of a document linked to the 
Securities in Luxembourg in the case where such document is physically attached to a public deed or to 
any other document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of such 
document on a voluntary basis. 
7. 
IRELAND 
The following is an overview of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Securities. The overview does 
not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant 
to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities.

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
The overview is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors in the 
Securities should consult their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, 
beneficial ownership and disposition of the Securities including, in particular, the effect of any state or 
local law taxes, if applicable. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
• Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess 
of one year); 
• Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a 
period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
• Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies 
that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax;  
at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent). 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer 
operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Securities is connected, nor are 
the Securities held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that 
payments of interest or annual payments arise on the Securities, such payments should not be regarded 
as payments having an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct 
any amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with the 
Securities. 
Separately, for as long as the Securities are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the Securities 
should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in 
connection with the purchase of the Securities. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Securities paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in 
Ireland acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Securities will be subject to Irish encashment tax at 
the standard rate of Irish tax (currently 20 per cent), unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required 
manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Securities entitled to 
the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and such interest or 
distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of another person 
that is resident in Ireland. 
8. 
ITALY 
The following is a general discussion of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the 
Securities. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could 
be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, 
own or dispose of the Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their interest in the Securities. 
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific 
terms of such Series or Tranche of Securities as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following 
section only provides some general information on the possible tax treatment.  
This summary may not provide prospective investors with a comprehensive description of the tax 
consequences of an investment in Securities that are redeemed by physical delivery. 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities may be different depending on 
whether: (a) they represent a securitized debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di 
capitale), through which the subscriber of the Securities transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital 
for the purpose of obtaining remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to obtain its 
(partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or (b) they represent a securitized derivative financial 
instrument or bundle of derivative financial instruments that do not entail a "use of capital", through 
which the subscriber of the Securities invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the 
purpose of obtaining a profit deriving from the terms of such underlying financial instruments. 
The following summary does not describe the tax treatment of bonds (obbligazioni) and similar securities 
(which are debentures incorporating an unconditional obligation of the Issuer to pay, at redemption, an 
amount not lower than their nominal value). 
Italian taxation of the Securities  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, 
including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised under the Securities if the Securities are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the "Finance Act 2017"), in Article 
1(210-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 (the "Finance Act 2019") and in Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 converted into law with amendments by Law No. 157 of 19 
December 2019 (the "Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020"). Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 
219-225 of Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020 ("Law No. 178"), it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with 
Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020 may benefit from a tax 
credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of 
certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided 
that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently 
set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Atypical securities 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on proceeds relating to Atypical Securities, if such Securities are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, in Article 1(210-215) of the Finance Act 2019 
and in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 
219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 
2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of the Fiscal 
Decree linked to Finance Act 2020 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, 
losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised 
in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met 
(e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and 
negative differences against future capital gains).

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
Inheritance and gift tax  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities, 
such as the Securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding €1,000,000; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000; and 
(iii) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the heir/heiress and/or the donee is a person with a severe disability pursuant to Law n. 104 of February 
5, 1992, inheritance tax or gift tax is applied to the extent that the value of the inheritance or gift exceeds 
€ 1,500,000. 
Transfer tax  
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, as from 31 December 2007 contracts relating to the 
transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarized deeds 
are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only 
in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty  
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, as amended by Article 1 par. 581 of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 ("Decree 642"), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients in respect of any financial product and instrument, which may be 
deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.20 per cent. 
and it cannot exceed € 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on 
the market value or – in the absence of a market value – on the nominal value or the redemption amount 
of any financial product or financial instruments. Based on the interpretation of the law, it may be 
understood that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident Securityholders, 
to the extent that the Securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not 
mandatory nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of 
less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro-rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the relevant 
regulations issued by the Bank of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or 
insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) and (18-bis) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident 
individuals, Italian  non commercial entities, Italian non-commercial partnerships and assimilated entities 
pursuant to Article 5 of Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 holding the Securities outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent.. This tax is calculated

--- Page 378 ---
378 
 
on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value figure is 
available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in 
the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August, 1990, as 
amended, individuals, non-commercial institutions and non-commercial partnerships resident in Italy 
who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose 
the aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case 
the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed 
for the income tax return).  
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Financial Transaction Tax  
Pursuant to Article 1, para. 491 and followings of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, the Italian 
Parliament introduced a financial transaction tax ("FTT") which applies to (a) the transfer of ownership 
of shares and other participating securities issued by Italian resident companies or of financial instruments 
representing the just mentioned shares and/or participating securities (irrespective of whether issued by 
Italian resident issuers or not) (the "Relevant Securities"), (b) transactions on financial derivatives (i) 
the main underlying assets of which are the Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose value depends mainly on 
one or more Relevant Securities, as well as to (c) any transactions on the securities (as set forth by article 
1, paragraph 1-bis, letters c) and d), of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998), (iii) which is 
allowed to mainly purchase or sell one or more Relevant Securities or (iv) implying a cash payment 
determined with main reference to one or more Relevant Securities.  
Warrants and certificates are expressly included in the scope of application of the FTT if they meet the 
requirements set out above. 
With specific reference to the transactions on securitised derivatives on the Relevant Securities (such as 
the Securities) the FTT is due, as of 1 September 2013, regardless of the tax residence of the parties 
and/or where the transaction is executed.  
The FTT is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the relevant instrument and 
the notional value of the transaction, and ranges between EUR 0.01875 and EUR 200 per transaction.  
The amount of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the transaction is performed on 
regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities of certain EU Member States and of the SEE.  
The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. The FTT is not applied where 
one of the parties to the transaction is the European Union, the BCE, central banks of the EU Member 
States, foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, or 
international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy. Further specific exemptions exist, inter alia, for (i) subjects who carry on market 
making activities; (ii) mandatory social security entities and pension funds set up according to Legislative 
Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005; and (iii) intragroup transfers of the Relevant Securities. 
The FTT shall be levied, and subsequently paid, to the Italian Revenue by the subject (generally a 
financial intermediary) that is involved, in any way, in the performance of the transaction. If more than 
one subject is involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT is payable by the subject who receives 
the order of execution by the ultimate purchaser or counterparty. Intermediaries that are not resident in 
Italy but are liable to collect the FTT from the taxpayers and to pay it to the Italian Revenue can appoint

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
an Italian tax representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary is involved in the performance 
of the transaction, the FTT must be paid directly by the taxpayers.  
For further information about the EU Financial Transaction Tax please refer to the following paragraph 
10.  
9. 
SLOVAKIA  
The purpose of the overview below is to provide a general overview of the relevant Slovak tax rules based 
on the laws in force in Slovakia as of the date of this Prospectus. It does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all tax implications that might be relevant to an investment decision. Please note that 
Investors in the securities should consult with their professional advisers particular circumstances which 
should be examined and considered in detail.  
Income tax 
Residents  
Individuals, who are residents in Slovakia, are subject to unlimited income tax liability on their world-
wide income (i.e. income from domestic and foreign sources). An individual is resident in Slovakia if 
he/she has his/her domicile (a registered permanent stay), residence or habitual place of abode (a physical 
presence for more than 183 days in a calendar year) in Slovakia. Residence shall mean (in the context of 
the double-taxation treaties) the possibility of accommodation, which is permanently available to physical 
person, other than occasional accommodation for the purposes of business travels, tourism, recreation, 
etc., while an intention of physical person to permanently reside in the state with respect to his/her 
personal and economic ties is obvious. Corporations having their registered office and/or their place of 
effective management in the territory of Slovakia are subject to corporate income tax in Slovakia on their 
world-wide income (i.e. income from domestic and foreign sources). 
Non-residents (both individuals and corporations) are subject to income tax only on income from the 
sources in Slovakia. Both in case of residents and non-residents Slovakia's right to tax may be restricted 
by a relevant double taxation treaty. 
Interests 
In general, the interest income earned from the securities is subject to a withholding tax of 19%. The 
exception are interests paid to states (i) with which Slovakia has not concluded a treaty on avoidance of 
double taxation or on mutual exchange of information in tax matters, or (ii) which are included in the EU 
list of non-cooperative countries, or do not apply (or have zero tax rate of) the corporate income tax 
(“listed jurisdictions”), for which a tax rate of 35% shall be applied. Revenues (incomes) from bonds and 
treasury bills sourced in Slovakia and paid to an individual are taxed by a withholding tax except for the 
revenues from state bonds and state treasury bills. In case of interest income with source outside of 
Slovakia, such interest income received by an individual shall be included in the special tax base and 
reported in annual personal income tax return. With respect to corporations, the interest income shall be 
included in the general tax base and declared in annual corporate income tax return. The withholding tax 
shall also be withheld from the income paid to companies which are not established for business purposes 
and to the National Bank of Slovakia. 
The tax is to be withheld by a paying entity at the moment of payment. The paying entity is obliged to 
pay the tax withheld to tax authority within 15 days following the end of month in which the income 
payment was carried out and within the same deadline submit an announcement report. The tax withheld 
could have an effect of a final taxation or, under the stipulated conditions, the taxpayer could offset it 
against the tax due in the same fiscal period.  
Individual investors

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
In case the income from interest on the securities originates from sources abroad to an individual, it shall 
be included in the special tax base. The tax rate for individuals will be at the level of 19% of the special 
tax base. 
However, it is necessary to review the respective Double Taxation Avoidance Treaty concluded between 
Slovakia and another country in which the securities are generated, whether Slovakia has a right for the 
taxation of these securities. 
Corporations 
In general, a corporation shall include the interest received in its general corporate income tax base, which 
is taxable at a tax rate of 21%, if the income of the legal entity for the taxation period exceeds 100,000 
EUR or 15%, if the income of the legal entity for the taxation period does not exceed 49,790 EUR 
(effective for taxable periods commencing on or after 1 January 2021). 
Capital gains – Income from sale of the securities 
Income from sale of securities originating from a source abroad is subject to (personal/corporate) income 
tax in Slovakia if the recipient is a Slovak tax resident. Such income should be included in the taxpayer's 
income tax base (no withholding tax shall be applied). Individual investor´s capital gains from sale of the 
securities are subject to personal income tax at a rate of 19% or 25% depending on the amount of this 
income. The income not exceeding the amount of EUR 37,981.94 (valid for year 2021) is taxed by 19% 
tax rate, the amount exceeding the cap for 19% is taxed by a higher 25% tax rate (progressive tax rate). 
Provided that certain conditions are met this kind of personal income may be exempt from the tax. More 
details on potential exemption can be found in the text below.  
Capital gains from sale of the securities are included in the corporate income tax base and taxed at tax 
rate of 21% if the income of the legal entity for the taxation period exceeds 49,790 EUR or 15%, if the 
income of the legal entity for the taxation period does not exceed 49,790 EUR. 
When considering the taxation of sale of the securities the source of which is e.g. in Italy and are paid to 
a Slovak tax resident, the provisions of the existing double taxation treaty between Italy and Slovakia 
should be taken into consideration. Under the provisions of this double taxation treaty capital gains from 
sale of such securities are in general taxable only in Slovakia, i.e. the country of tax domicile. The income 
tax is levied as follows: 
 
Individual investors (private and business investors) 
The tax base shall be equal to the taxable income less any expenses, which may be documented as having 
been incurred in order to generate the income. Expenses that can be deducted are the purchase price 
proven to be paid for the securities, or when there is no purchase (i.e. free of charge - donation, 
inheritance) then the price for the securities determined at the time when the securities were acquired, 
and the expenses related to the acquisition or purchase of the securities. 
The capital gains from the sale of the securities will be exempt from Slovak personal income tax if the 
aggregate of the tax base related to the "other income" category (i.e. debentures, shares, bills of exchange 
etc.) does not exceed the flat amount of EUR 500. The same limit for exemption relates to rental income, 
income from transfer of options and income from transfer of ownership interest in a company. Thus, the 
exemption of EUR 500 shall be applied to the aggregate of all afore mentioned incomes (“the other 
income”, rental income, transfer of options and of ownership interests in a company). If the above 
mentioned limit is exceeded, only the excess amount is included in the tax base. 
Further, the income from sale of the securities accepted for trading on a regulated market or a similar 
foreign regulated market shall be exempt from tax and that after one year from their acquisition, if the 
period between their admission to a regulated market or to a similar foreign regulated market and their 
sale exceeds one year. Such income from sale of the securities is not exempt from tax if the securities 
were included into business assets of the taxpayer. 
From the tax shall be exempt also the income from sale of securities, options and income from derivative 
transactions derived from long-term investment savings after fulfilment of conditions set (determined) in 
the special act including income paid after 15 years from the beginning of long-term investment savings.

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
Such income from sale is not exempt from tax if such securities, options and income from the derivative 
transactions were included into business assets of the taxpayer. 
A loss from sale of securities shall not be offset against gains from sale of securities in the same fiscal 
period - only the expenses up to the amount of income shall be considered upon the calculation of the tax 
base. 
Under the specific conditions stated below, the full loss incurred may be considered as a tax deductible 
expense, these are:  
i. 
bonds, the selling price of which is not lower by more than the interest accrued on the bonds and 
included in the tax base prior to the date of sale or the date of maturity of the bond; and 
ii. 
for taxable persons who engage in trading with securities pursuant to special legislation, and 
which may deduct the expense of the acquisition of the securities up to the amount posted as 
their cost. 
Corporations 
In Slovakia, there is no difference in taxation of the capital gains of the individual investors holding 
securities as a business asset and corporations, therefore the section above applies to the corporations as 
well. 
According to the Slovak Income Tax Act, in case a loss generated from the sale of securities shall not be 
offset against gains from sale of securities in the same fiscal period - only the expenses up to the amount 
of income shall be considered upon the calculation of the tax base. 
Under the specific conditions stated below, the loss incurred is entirely accepted as a tax deductible 
expense:  
(i) 
bonds, the selling price of which is not lower by more than the interest accrued on the bonds 
and included in the tax base prior to the date of sale or the date of maturity of the bond; and 
(ii) 
for taxable persons who engage in trading with securities pursuant to special legislation, and 
which may deduct the expense of the acquisition of the securities up to the amount posted as 
their cost. 
Non-residents 
Interests 
Non-residents (both individuals and corporations) are taxed only on their Slovak-source income. The 
interest income earned from securities paid out by a Slovak tax resident or a permanent establishment of 
a Slovak tax non-resident to a Slovak tax non-resident are taxed at the domestic withholding tax rate of 
19% (35% in case of residents in listed jurisdictions within the meaning as per above) unless such rate is 
reduced by a double taxation treaty or exempt under the EU Interest and Royalties Directive. The 
responsibility for withholding of the tax at source is vested with the Slovak tax resident or a permanent 
establishment of a Slovak tax non-resident making the relevant payment. 
EU Savings Directive  
The Slovak Republic has implemented the Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 
amending Directive 2011/16/EU, which is dealing with mandatory automatic exchange of information in 
the field of taxation into the Slovak act on international assistance and cooperation in tax administration 
and into Slovak act on automatic exchange of information regarding to financial accounts for the purpose 
of tax administration. This council directive has replaced the previous Council Directive 2003/48/EC 
(Saving Directive) in the field of exchange of information.  
Interest income subject to the automatic exchange of information constitutes, inter alia, income incurred 
from participation certificates, bonds, certificates of deposit, treasury bills and other securities of similar

--- Page 382 ---
382 
 
characteristics during the holding of such a financial instrument or income accrued at the sale, refund or 
redemption of the financial instrument.  
Withholding tax in relation to securities 
Provided that (i) the securities shall be issued outside the Slovak Republic, (ii) the Issuer shall be a Slovak 
tax non-resident and (iii) all payments in relation to securities shall be executed by the Issuer or by the 
entity executing such payments on behalf of the Issuer, any income earned from the securities shall be 
qualified as the income having a source outside the Slovakia and as such shall not be subject to 
withholding tax in Slovakia. 
Capital gains – Income from sale of the securities 
The capital gains realised by a Slovak tax non-resident on sale of the securities issued by a foreign entity 
are not treated as a Slovak-source income (i.e. it is not subject to tax in Slovakia). In general, only the 
capital gains realised by Slovak tax non-residents on the sale of securities issued by tax payers having 
their seat in Slovakia, shall be taxed in Slovakia under local tax law except of the revenues from the state 
bonds and state treasury bills. 
Dividends 
The tax treatment of and related health insurance obligations arising on dividend income differ with 
respect to taxable period in which the profit was generated from which the dividends shall be distributed. 
The treatment is determined irrespective of whether the actual dividend payment occurs in 2017 or later. 
The dividend income derived from profit achieved in taxable periods up to 2003 is subject to income tax 
in Slovakia. Dividends distributed from profit achieved in periods between 2011 and 2012 shall not be 
subject to tax, however in the case that these dividends are paid to individuals, they are subject to 10 % 
health insurance obligation. Dividends from profits of 2013 to 2016 also shall not be subject to tax, but 
the health insurance obligation of 14% arises. Dividends paid to the individuals from profits generated 
commencing on or after 1 January 2017 shall be subject to income tax at a rate of 7%, however there is 
no obligation to pay health insurance on such income. 
 
Nevertheless, the fact whether Slovakia is entitled to tax dividend income shall be analysed thoroughly 
with regards to provisions of double taxation treaty concluded between Slovakia and the other state. It 
may be that the relevant treaty includes a cap as to the amount of tax that may be charged by either state. 
 
Shall an individual or a business entity who are considered as tax residents of Slovakia, receive dividend 
income from listed jurisdictions within the meaning as per above, the applicable tax rate amounts to 35%.  
 
As to business entities, with the exception of the above mentioned listed jurisdictions, dividend income 
shall be exempt from tax provided that the dividend paying entity does not treat it as a tax deductible 
expense.  
 
The Slovak health insurance contributions received from the dividends are applicable only to individuals 
who participate obligatory in the Slovak health insurance system and do not have any confirmation on 
participation in another foreign obligatory health insurance system, e.g. in a form of an A1 form. The 
amount of health insurance contribution is capped by a so-called maximum calculation base (“maximálny 
vymeriavací základ”) for the amount of income on which the contributions shall be paid. The maximum 
limit set for income received in 2021 amounts to EUR 65,520. The limit effectively applies to the 
aggregate of all income taxable in Slovakia (irrespective whether the income source is dividends or 
dependent activity).  
Other taxes 
There is no inheritance tax, gift tax, ownership tax or transfer tax in the Slovak Republic. 
However, if securities are donated by an employer to a Slovak tax resident who is an employee, or if 
securities are donated to a Slovak tax resident who is self-employed and these securities are donated in

--- Page 383 ---
383 
 
connection with the carrying out of this self-employment, the value of the gift is subject to Slovak income 
tax and related health insurance contributions. The value of gift is also subject to the Slovak social 
insurance contributions since the assessment base for social insurance purposes generally follows the tax 
base of the individual (employee or self-employed person), although some exemptions may apply. 
10. 
SLOVENIA 
The following is a general description of certain Slovenian tax considerations relating to the Securities, 
based on the Issuer's understanding of the current law and its practice in Slovenia. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all relevant tax considerations. Furthermore, it only relates to the position 
of investors who are beneficial owners of the Securities and the interest and may not apply to certain 
classes of investors. Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax 
laws of the Republic of Slovenia of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Securities and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities. This overview is based upon 
the law as in effect on the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect 
after such date. 
1. Taxation of individuals 
Residents and non-residents 
In accordance with the Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini; ZDoh-2), an individual is deemed 
to be a resident of Slovenia if his registered permanent address, habitual place or the centre of his personal 
and economic interests is in Slovenia. In addition, any person who has been present in Slovenia in a tax 
year for more than 183 days in the aggregate is deemed to be a resident in the tax year. Resident 
individuals are subject to income tax on their worldwide income. In general, all income, profits and gains 
are taxable, unless specifically exempt by law. 
In accordance with the Personal Income Tax Act, non-residents are subject to tax on income derived from 
a source in Slovenia. Withholding tax is generally levied at a rate of 25%. Source taxation may be 
obviated or reduced pursuant to the terms of an applicable double taxation treaty, with the holder applying 
for a refund with the Slovenian tax authorities providing proof of eligibility. 
Taxation of financial derivatives 
Under the Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini; ZDoh-2), capital gains from the sale or other 
disposition of debt securities and other financial derivatives held as non-business assets are in general 
exempt from taxation. Capital gains derived from the alienation of financial derivatives (as defined in the 
Article 7 of the Financial Instruments Market Act (Zakon o trgu finančnih instrumentov; ZTFI-1) and 
debt securities (except for coupon debt securities and discount debt securities) by a resident individual 
are taxed at the rate of 40% (in the first 12 months of holding) and 27.5% (in the following 4 years of 
holding) according to the Act on the Taxation of Profits from the Disposal of Derivatives (Zakon o davku 
od dobička od odsvojitve izvedenih finančnih instrumentov; ZDDOIFI). The tax rate is further reduced 
by 7.5 percentage points for the next 5 years of holding, so that the rate of 20% applies after 5th year of 
holding, and further by 5 percentage points for each following 5 years of holding so that 15% and 10% 
tax rate applies after the 10th and 15th year of holding, respectively. After the 20th year of holding 0% 
tax rate applies. Tax return must be filed by Slovenian tax resident (Individual) until 28th February for 
previous year. Slovenian tax residents are taxed based on the principle of worldwide income; any income 
- deriving from Slovenia or abroad - is subject to taxation. If withholding tax paid abroad, the credit may 
not exceed the lower of the following: a) the tax actually paid on the foreign-source income (according 
to the tax treaty, if applicable); and b) the tax payable on such income in Slovenia which would apply in 
the absence of the credit relief. 
Taxation of interest 
Under the Slovenian tax laws currently in effect, the payment of interest on the debt securities (as defined

--- Page 384 ---
384 
 
in the Article 81 of the Slovenian Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini; ZDoh-2) in accordance 
with their terms and conditions to a resident individual (within the meaning of the relevant provisions of 
ZDoh-2) will generally be subject to tax at a flat rate of 25%. (levied by way of withholding or by way 
of assessment), provided that these qualify as non-business assets. Income from a disposal or repurchase 
by the issuer of discounted debt securities (including non-coupon debt securities) shall also be considered 
as interest income (in accordance with the Article 88 of ZDoh-2). Tax return must be filed by Slovenian 
tax resident (Individual) until the 28th of February for previous year. 
Pursuant to the Article 54 of ZDoh-2 interest on Securities issued in series held by a resident individual 
as business assets will generally qualify as non-business income, in which case it would be subject to the 
flat rate of 25% as described above, instead of the progressive tax rate of up to 50%, which generally 
applies to business income. 
Taxation of dividends and capital gains 
Dividends and other profit distributions are taxed by way of a 27.5% final withholding tax.  
In general, individuals are subject to income tax on their capital gains if derived from the disposal of 
immovable property, shares and other participation rights, investment coupons etc. Taxable capital gains 
are generally taxed at a 27.5% final tax rate. After five years of holding, capital gains are taxed at a 20% 
final tax rate. The rate is later reduced by five percentage points per each five years of holding. 
Consequently, any gains are exempt after a 20 year-holding. Capital gains derived from the alienation of 
financial derivatives are not taxed according to this rule but are taxed only as described previously under 
Taxation of financial derivatives. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Individuals and private law entities (within the meaning of the Article 3 of the Slovenian Inheritance and 
Gift Tax Act (Zakon o davku na dediščine in darila; ZDDD) are subject to Slovenian inheritance and gift 
tax in case of a transfer of the Securities mortis causa or inter vivos. The rate of such tax depends upon 
the value of the assets transferred and upon the relationship between the deceased/the donor on the one 
hand and the heir/the donee on the other hand. An exemption may apply in certain cases, such as to 
transfers between direct descendants and between spouses, as well as to a transfer of movable property 
the total value of which does not exceed EUR 5,000. 
Withholding tax 
Withholding tax must be withheld at source and deducted from payments of interest, dividends, royalties, 
and other incomes if such taxable income is paid by local tax payer. In other cases, tax return must be 
filed by individual upon receipt of such income. 
EU Savings Directive 
EU Savings Directive has been incorporated in sub-chapter 10 of chapter 1 of part five of Slovenian Tax 
Procedure Act (Zakon o davčnem postopku; ZDavP-2) and has come into force on 1st July 2005. 
However, since then the Directive (EU) 2015/2060 repealing the EU Savings Directive has come into 
force and these provisions have been stricken and the directive has also been implemented in chapter II 
of part four of Slovenian Tax Procedure Act. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph below, headed EU Savings Directive. 
No gross-up for taxes withheld 
Purchasers of the Securities should note that neither the Issuer nor any other person will assume any 
liability for taxes withheld from payments under the Securities, nor make any additional payments in 
regard of these taxes, i.e. no gross-up will apply if a withholding tax is imposed.

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized financial 
transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the Securities. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph below, headed The proposed financial transactions 
tax. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or such duties will be payable in Slovenia in connection with the 
issuance, delivery or execution of the Securities. Currently, net assets tax is not levied in Slovenia. 
2. Taxation of corporations 
Under the Slovenian tax laws currently in effect, the payment of interest on the Securities in accordance 
with their terms and conditions within the meaning of the relevant provisions of the Slovenian Corporate 
Income Tax Act (Zakon o davku od dohodkov pravnih oseb; ZDDPO-2) received by (i) a legal person 
resident for tax purposes in the Republic of Slovenia; or by (ii) a permanent establishment (poslovna 
enota) in the Republic of Slovenia of a legal person not resident for tax purposes in the Republic of 
Slovenia, is considered as a part of the overall taxable income. The Corporate Income Tax is levied on 
the net profits, defined according to the profit and loss account, as stipulated by the law and the 
Accounting Standards. The tax rate is 19% since 1.1.2017. 
Taxation of dividends 
Dividends and income similar to dividends (with the exception of certain hidden reserves) are, pursuant 
to article 24 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, exempt from the tax base of a corporate 
shareholder, if the payer of dividends is: 
- 
liable for corporate income tax in accordance with the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act; or 
 
- 
for taxation purposes, a resident of an EU Member State in accordance with the law of that Member 
State, and is in accordance with a double taxation treaty concluded with a non-EU Member State not 
considered to reside outside of the EU, and is additionally liable for one of the taxes for which a 
common system of taxation is applicable to parent companies and affiliates from different EU 
Member States, as determined by the Slovenian Minister of Finance, where a company which is 
exempt from corporate income tax or that has the option of choosing its taxation is not considered to 
be liable for payment of corporate income tax; or 
 
- 
liable for the payment of corporate income or profit tax comparable to Slovenian corporate income 
tax and is not resident of a state (or has a permanent establishment not located in a state) where the 
general or average nominal tax rate for the taxation of profit is lower than 12.5% and where this state 
is on the list published by the Slovenian Ministry of Finance and the Slovenian Tax Administration; 
whereby, this rule shall not apply to a payer who is resident of another EU member state, in 
accordance with the previous paragraph. 
The above rules are applicable to non-resident recipients of dividends if their interest in the capital or in 
the management of the company paying the dividends is connected with business activities performed 
through an establishment in Slovenia. 
The above-described exemption from the tax base of a corporate holder of the notes is applicable under 
the condition that the current or past taxation period’s revenues have been included in the corporate 
holder’s tax base, on the basis of such income. 
In accordance with article 70 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, the payer must, at the time of 
dividend payment, withhold and pay withholding tax at the rate of 15%, unless the recipient is: the

--- Page 386 ---
386 
 
Republic of Slovenia or a self-governing local community in Slovenia; the Bank of Slovenia; a resident 
who notifies the payer of their tax number, or a non-resident liable for the payment of corporate income 
tax deriving from their activities in or through a permanent establishment in the Republic of Slovenia 
who notifies the payer of their tax number, if the dividends are payable to such permanent establishment. 
In accordance with article 70 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, the tax shall not be calculated, 
withdrawn and paid if the dividends are payable to: 
- 
a resident of an EU or an EEA Member State who is liable to pay income taxes in a foreign state 
(except for income paid to the permanent establishment of a non-resident in Slovenia), if such entity 
cannot claim the withholding tax in the state of its residence (as with, for example, the exemption of 
dividends from the tax base) and the transaction is not considered to represent tax avoidance; or 
 
- 
foreign pension funds, investment funds and insurance companies providing pension plans, residents 
of the EU or EEA Members States (except for income paid to the permanent establishment of a non-
resident in Slovenia), if such entity cannot claim the withholding tax in the state of their residence 
(if, for example, such funds or insurance companies are exempt from tax payment or are subject to a 
0% tax rate). 
 
- 
exemptions determined in the previous two points do not refer to payments made to states with which 
the exchange of information is not assured (a list of such states is published by the Slovenian Minister 
of Finance).  
Pursuant to article 71 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, tax shall not be withheld from 
payments of dividends and income similar to dividends if the entity authorised to receive a given payment 
is subject to the common system of taxation applied to parent companies and affiliate companies from 
different EU Member States, provided that: 
- 
the entity authorised to receive the payment holds at least 10% of the value or number of shares or 
interests in the share capital, nominal capital, or voting rights of the company paying the dividend; 
and 
 
- 
such minimum participation in the value or number of shares or interest in the share capital, nominal 
capital or voting rights, has been in effect for at least 24 months; and 
 
- 
the entity authorised to receive the payment is: a) a legal entity formed as an entity for which a 
common taxation system is used and which is applicable to parent companies and affiliates from 
different EU Member States, as determined by the Slovenian Minister of Finance; b) for taxation 
purposes, a resident of an EU Member State in accordance with the law of that Member State and is 
in accordance with a double taxation treaty concluded with a non-EU member state not considered 
to reside outside of the EU, and c) is liable for one of the taxes subject to the common system of 
taxation applicable to parent companies and affiliates from different EU Member States or, with 
respect to companies exempt from income tax or that may choose their taxation, is determined by 
the Slovenian Minister of Finance to be an entity subject to corporate income tax. 
Withholding tax 
Withholding tax must be withheld at source and deducted from payments of interest, dividends, royalties, 
and some other payments if such payments have source in Slovenia and are paid abroad. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or such duties will be payable in Slovenia in connection with the 
issuance, delivery or execution of the Securities. Currently, net assets tax is not levied in Slovenia. 
3. Financial Services Tax

--- Page 387 ---
387 
 
The subject of taxation according to Financial Services Tax Act (Zakon o davku na finančne storitve; 
ZDFS) are the following services: a) granting and negotiation of credit or loans in monetary form and the 
management of credit or loans in monetary form by the person who is granting the credit or the person 
who is granting the loan; b) issuing of credit guarantees or any other security for money and management 
of credit guarantees by the person who is granting the credit; c) transactions, including negotiation, 
concerning deposit and current or transaction accounts, payments, transfers, debts, cheques and other 
negotiable instruments; d) transactions, including negotiation, concerning currency, bank notes and coins 
used as legal tender; e) services provided by insurance brokers and agents.  
A taxable person shall be any person who provides the financial services in the territory of the Republic 
of Slovenia. It shall be deemed that a financial service referred to in Article 3 of this Act has been provided 
in the territory of Slovenia if it is provided by a person who has established his business or has a fixed 
establishment from which such financial service is provided or has his usual or permanent place of 
residence in the territory of Slovenia. It shall be also deemed that a financial service has been provided 
in the territory of Slovenia if it is provided by a person who has established his business or has a place of 
establishment from which the service is provided or has or has his usual or permanent place of residence 
outside Slovenia, but may, in accordance with the existing legislation, provide the financial services in 
the territory of Slovenia directly to clients or recipients of services who have established their business 
or have a place of establishment or their usual or permanent place of residence in the territory of Slovenia. 
Applicable tax rate is 8,5% and is chargeable on the commission of a financial service. It shall be deemed 
that a financial service has been provided when a fee for the commission of the service has been paid. 
The fee referred to in the preceding paragraph shall exclude interest payable by a contractor of services 
to a taxable person for the provision of the agreed financial service when such interest does not constitute 
the payment of fees by a taxable person for the service provided. 
11. 
SPAIN 
The following discussion is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It 
is based on the laws presently in force in Spain, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed 
to be, legal or tax advice. This section does not constitute a complete description of all the tax issues that 
may be relevant in making the decision to invest in the Securities or of all the tax consequences that may 
derive from the subscription, acquisition, holding, transfer, redemption or reimbursement of the 
Securities and does not purport to describe the tax consequences applicable to categories of investors 
subject to special tax rules. Prospective investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own 
professional advisers as to the effects of state, regional or local law in Spain, to which they may be 
subject.  
Individuals with Tax Residence in Spain 
Certificates 
Personal Income Tax 
Personal Income Tax is levied on an annual basis on the worldwide income obtained by Spanish resident 
individuals, whatever the source is and wherever the relevant payer is established. Therefore any income 
that Spanish holders of the Certificates may receive under the Certificates will be subject to Spanish 
taxation. 
Both interest periodically received and income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of 
the Certificates obtained by individuals who are tax resident in Spain will be regarded as financial income 
for tax purposes (i.e. a return on investment derived from the transfer of own capital to third parties), 
regardless of whether is in kind or in cash. 
Both types of income will be included in the savings part of the taxable income subject to Personal 
Income Tax and will be taxed at the following tax rates: (i) for financial income up to €6,000: 19 per

--- Page 388 ---
388 
 
cent.; (ii) for financial income from €6,000.01 to €50,000: 21 per cent.; (iii) for any amount in excess of 
€50,000: 23 per cent.. 
Spanish holders of the Certificates shall compute the gross interest obtained in the savings part of the 
taxable base of the tax period in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any. 
Income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the Certificates will be calculated as the 
difference between: (a) their disposal, redemption or reimbursement value; and (b) their acquisition or 
subscription value. Costs and expenses effectively borne by the holder on the acquisition and transfer of 
the Certificates may be taken into account for calculating the relevant taxable income, provided that they 
can be duly justified. 
Likewise, expenses relating to the management and deposit of the Certificates, if any, will be tax 
deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
Losses that may derive from the transfer of the Certificates cannot be offset if the investor acquires 
homogeneous Certificates within the two-month period prior or subsequent to the transfer of the 
Certificates, until he/she transfers such homogeneous Certificates. 
Additionally, tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of taxes 
paid outside Spain on income deriving from the Certificates, if any. 
Wealth Tax 
Individuals with tax residence in Spain are subject to the Spanish Wealth Tax on all their assets (such as 
the Certificates) in tax year 2020. The potential Wealth Tax liability should be analysed in connection 
with local regulations of each Spanish Region, provided some of them foresee full exemption of Wealth 
Tax. Wealth Tax is levied on the net worth of an individual's assets and rights. The marginal rates range 
between 0.2 per cent. and 3.75 per cent. and some reductions could apply. Individuals with tax residency 
in Spain who are under the obligation to pay Wealth Tax must take into account the value of the 
Certificates which they hold as at 31 December each year, when calculating their Wealth Tax liabilities. 
As regards the application of Spanish Wealth Tax in tax year 2020 and onwards, prospective investors 
should confirm with their tax advisors.  
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Inheritance and Gift Tax is levied on individuals' heirs and donees resident in Spain for tax purposes. It 
is calculated taking into account several circumstances, such as the age and previous net worth of the heir 
or donee and the kinship with the deceased person or donor. The applicable tax rate currently ranges 
between 7.65 and 34 per cent. depending on the particular circumstances, although the final tax payable 
may increase up to 81.6 per cent. This is nevertheless subject to the specific rules passed by the relevant 
Spanish regions with respect to this tax. 
Warrants 
Personal Income Tax 
The premium or amount paid for the subscription of the Warrants would not be considered as a deductible 
expense, but as the acquisition value, which would include the expenses and commissions, inherent to 
the acquisition, paid by the acquirer. 
Income obtained by the holders of the Warrants covered by this Prospectus on their transfer before the 
Expiration Date, will be considered as capital gains or losses in accordance with the provisions of the 
Spanish Personal Income Tax Law. The gain or loss shall be calculated as a difference between the

--- Page 389 ---
389 
 
transfer value, once any expenses and commissions paid by the taxpayer have been deducted, and the 
acquisition value, as defined above. 
Upon the exercise of the Warrants, income obtained would be considered as a capital gain or loss, which 
will be calculated as the difference between (i) the Settlement Price or the value of the Physical Delivery 
Securities, once any expenses and commissions paid by the taxpayer have been deducted, and (ii) the 
acquisition value, as defined above. 
Failure to exercise any Warrants on the Expiration Date would give rise to a capital loss on the acquisition 
value. 
Income derived from the transfer or exercise of the Warrants will be included in the savings part of the 
taxable income generally subject to Personal Income Tax at the following tax rates: (i) for financial 
income up to €6,000: 19 per cent.; (ii) for financial income from €6,000.01 to €50,000: 21 per cent.; and 
(iii) for any amount in excess of €50,000: 23 per cent.. 
Wealth Tax 
Individuals with tax residence in Spain are subject to the Spanish Wealth Tax on all their assets (such as 
the Warrants) in tax year 2020. The potential Wealth Tax liability should be analysed in connection with 
local regulations of each Spanish Region, provided some of them foresee full exemption of Wealth Tax. 
Wealth Tax is levied on the net worth of an individual's assets and rights. The marginal rates range 
between 0.2 per cent. and 3.75 per cent. and some reductions could apply. Individuals with tax residency 
in Spain who are under the obligation to pay Wealth Tax must take into account the value of the Warrants 
which they hold as at 31 December each year, when calculating their Wealth Tax liabilities. 
As regards the application of Spanish Wealth Tax in tax year 2020 and onwards, prospective investors 
should confirm with their tax advisors.  
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Inheritance and Gift Tax is levied on individuals' heirs and donees resident in Spain for tax purposes. It 
is calculated taking into account several circumstances, such as the age and previous net worth of the heir 
or donee and the kinship with the deceased person or donor. The applicable tax rate currently ranges 
between 7.65 and 34 per cent. depending on the particular circumstances, although the final tax payable 
may increase up to 81.6 per cent. This is nevertheless subject to the specific rules passed by the relevant 
Spanish regions with respect to this tax. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residence in Spain 
Certificates 
Corporate Income Tax 
Both interest periodically received and income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of 
the Certificates obtained by entities which are resident for tax purposes in Spain shall be computed as 
taxable income of the tax period in which they accrue.  
The general tax rate for limited liability companies is 25 per cent. Special rates apply in respect of certain 
types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment institutions or credit entities). 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of taxes paid outside 
Spain on income deriving from the Securities, if any. 
Warrants

--- Page 390 ---
390 
 
As a general rule, income obtained either through the transfer or the exercise of the Warrants and obtained 
by taxpayers subject to Corporate Income Tax will be included in their taxable income under the general 
provisions described for Certificates. 
Individuals and legal entities with no Tax Residence in Spain 
Certificates 
A non-resident holder of Certificates, who has a permanent establishment in Spain to which such 
Certificates are effectively connected with, is subject to Spanish Non-Residents' Income Tax on any 
income under the Certificates, including both interest periodically received and income arising on the 
disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the Certificates. In general terms, the tax rules applicable to 
individuals and legal entities with no tax residence in Spain but acting through a permanent establishment 
in Spain are the same as those applicable to Corporate Income taxpayers (explained above). 
Warrants 
As a general rule, income obtained by a permanent establishment located in Spain of a non-resident would 
be subject to taxation in a similar way than that applicable to Spanish tax resident corporate income 
taxpayers. 
Spanish withholding tax 
Where a financial institution (either resident in Spain or acting through a permanent establishment in 
Spain) acts as depositary of the Certificates or intervenes as manager in the collection of any income 
under the Certificates, such financial institution will be responsible for making the relevant withholding 
on account of Spanish tax on any income deriving from the Certificates (income from Warrants will 
always be not subject to withholding tax in Spain). Currently, the withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 per 
cent.. 
Amounts withheld in Spain, if any, can be credited against the final Spanish Personal Income Tax 
liability, in the case of Spanish tax resident individuals, or against final Spanish Corporate Income Tax 
liability, in the case of Spanish corporate, or against final Non-Residents' Income Tax, in the case of a 
Spanish permanent establishment of a non-resident holder of the Certificates. However, holders of the 
Certificates who are Corporate Income Taxpayers or Non-Residents' Income Taxpayers acting through a 
permanent establishment in Spain to which the Certificates are effectively connected with can benefit 
from a withholding tax exemption when the Certificates are listed in an OECD official stock exchange. 
This will be the case as the Certificates are expected to trade on the Euronext Dublin's Regulated Market. 
Furthermore, such financial institution may become obliged to comply with the formalities set out in the 
Regulations on Spanish Personal Income Tax (Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March) and Corporate 
Income Tax (Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July) when intervening in the transfer or reimbursement of 
the Certificates. 
Indirect taxation 
The acquisition, transfer, redemption, reimbursement and exchange of the Securities will be subject to 
and exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty as well as Value Added Tax. 
The exemption applicable for Value Added Tax purposes would not cover deposit and management 
services related to the Securities. 
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized financial 
transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the Securities. 
Additionally, on 18 February 2020 the Spanish Government approved the referral to the Spanish

--- Page 391 ---
391 
 
Congress of the Bill creating the Financial Transaction Tax. The legislative procedure is currently in 
amendment phase. 
For further information about the EU Financial Transaction Tax please refer to the following paragraph 
24. 
12. 
EUROPEAN FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
Commission Proposal), for a financial transaction tax (FTT) to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating 
Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission's 
Proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include 
the Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or modification of 
derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments).  
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Certificates where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the relevant Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is 
adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a 
derivative contract in the context of the relevant Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of 
securities (such as charged assets) or the exercise/settlement of a warrant. The relevant Issuer is, in certain 
circumstances, able to pass on any such tax liabilities to holders of the Securities and therefore this may 
result in investors receiving less than expected in respect of the Securities. It should also be noted that 
the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the Securities 
(including secondary market transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is 
adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of 
Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is however some uncertainty in relation 
to the intended scope of this exemption for certain money market instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective Certificateholders are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
13. 
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
Based on the "OECD Common Reporting Standard (CRS)" states, which have committed themselves to 
apply the OECD Common reporting Standards ("Participating States"), exchange information with 
respect to financial accounts held by persons in another Participating State. The same applies to Member 
States of the European Union. Since 2017 the competent authorities of each EU member state 
automatically has to submit information on financial accounts and advance cross-border rulings of each 
person domiciled in the respective EU member state to the competent authorities of each other EU 
member state. 
Since 2018 the competent authorities of each EU member state automatically has to submit anti-money 
laundering information. Investors should obtain information and/or seek advice if required.

--- Page 392 ---
392 
 
14. 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING  
The Issuer and other financial institutions through which payments on the Securities are made may be 
required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all, or a portion of, "foreign passthru payments" 
(a term not yet defined) made two years after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations 
defining the term “foreign passthru payment", or later. This withholding would potentially apply to 
payments in respect of (i) any Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued after the "grandfathering 
date" which (A) with respect to Securities that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date 
that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term foreign 
passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) with respect to Securities that give rise to 
a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code as discussed below (and therefore do not 
give rise to foreign passthru payments), is the date that is six months after the date on which obligations 
of their type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents, or in either case are issued on or before 
the grandfathering date and are materially modified thereafter, and (ii) any Securities characterised as 
equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever issued. If Securities are 
issued on or before the grandfathering date, and additional Securities of the same series are issued after 
that date, the additional Securities may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have negative 
consequences for the existing Securities, including a negative impact on market price. 
While the Securities are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is not expected that 
FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by the clearing systems. However, FATCA may 
affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the 
ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. FATCA also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial 
institution not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor 
that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with 
any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be 
made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose their custodians and intermediaries with care 
(to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide 
each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may 
be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. The 
Issuer’s obligations under the Securities are discharged once it has paid the common depositary for the 
clearing systems (as bearer or registered holder of the Securities) and the Issuer has therefore no 
responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the hands of the clearing systems and 
custodians or intermediaries. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the 
Securities may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing systems. 
If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA withholding. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from payments on the 
Securities, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person would, pursuant to the conditions 
of the Securities, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of 
such tax. As a result, investors may receive a lesser amount than expected. Holders of Securities should 
consult their own tax advisers for a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may apply to 
payments they receive under the Securities. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Securities, and investors in the 
Securities is uncertain at this time. The application of FATCA to "foreign passthru payments" on the 
Securities or to Securities issued or materially modified after the grandfathering date may be addressed 
in the relevant Final Terms or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, as applicable.  
On 10 January 2014, representatives of the Governments of Italy and the United States signed an 
intergovernmental agreement to implement FATCA in Italy (the "IGA"), which entered into force on 1st

--- Page 393 ---
393 
 
July 2014. The IGA ratification law entered into force on 8 July 2015. Under these rules, the Issuer, as a 
reporting financial institution, will be required to collect and report certain information in respect of its 
account holders and investors to the Italian tax authorities, which would automatically exchange such 
information periodically with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
15. 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT PAYMENTS 
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the Code imposing a withholding tax on certain 
“dividend equivalents” under certain “equity linked instruments” exclude from their scope instruments 
issued before calendar year 2021 that do not have a “delta of one” with respect to underlying securities 
that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes (each an “Underlying 
Security”). Subject to this pre-2021 exemption, Section 871(m) of the Code will apply to a financial 
instrument (a "Specified Security") if it meets either (i) a "delta" test, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) a 
"substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. Section 871(m) of the Code provides certain 
exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices 
that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, as well as instruments that track 
such indices. If the terms of a financial instrument issued before calendar year 2021 (that is exempt from 
withholding under Section 871(m) of the Code) are "significantly modified" sometime after calendar year 
2020 such that the financial instrument is treated as retired and reissued for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, it will lose this exemption. Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be 
required when cash payments are made on a Specified Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or 
other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the Specified Security. If U.S. Underlying Equities are 
expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally will still be 
required even if the Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. If 
the Issuer or any other relevant withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the 
Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts 
so withheld. 
Section 871(m) of the Code is complex and its application may depend on your particular circumstances, 
including whether you enter into other transactions with respect to an Underlying Security. You should 
consult your tax advisor regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) of the Code to the 
Securities. 
16. 
SWITZERLAND 
The following summary is an overview of certain aspects of taxes in Switzerland relating to the taxation 
of the Securities issued under the Programme and is included herein solely for information purposes. It 
is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is based upon 
the Swiss tax laws as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. Because this overview does not address all tax considerations under Swiss 
law and as the specific tax situation of an investor cannot be considered in this context, prospective 
investors are recommended to consult their personal tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, sale or redemption of and the income derived from the Securities issued under the 
Programme including, in particular, the effect of tax laws of any other jurisdiction. 
On 3 October 2017, the Swiss Federal Tax Administration has issued updated Circular Letter No. 15 in 
relation to bonds and derivative financial instruments as subject of Swiss direct federal tax, Swiss 
withholding tax and Swiss stamp duties ("Circular Letter No. 15"). The Securities issued under the 
Programme will be taxed in accordance with this Circular Letter No. 15 and its appendices, as updated 
from time to time. Depending on the qualification of the relevant Security by the competent Swiss tax 
authorities the taxation of each Security may be different. 
(a) 
Federal, Cantonal and Communal Individual Income Tax and Corporate Income Tax 
Securities held by non-Swiss holder

--- Page 394 ---
394 
 
Holders of Securities who are not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes, and who during the respective 
taxation year, have not engaged in a trade or business carried out through a permanent establishment or 
a fixed place of business situated in Switzerland to which the Securities are attributable for tax purposes 
and who are not subject to income taxation in Switzerland for any other reason ("Non-Resident 
Securityholders") are in respect of the Securities not subject to any federal, cantonal and communal 
income tax, whether on interest (and/or discount and/or premium, if any) paid, on the payment of 
principal or on any gain realised on the sale or other disposition of the Securities. 
Securities held as private asset by a Swiss resident holder 
Individuals resident in Switzerland who hold their Securities as private assets ("Resident Private 
Securityholders") are required to include all payments of interest on such Securities in their personal 
income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable income for such tax 
period. A distinction is to be made between Securities with and without a "predominant one-time interest 
payment" as follows: 
Securities without a "predominant one-time interest payment"  
Holders of Securities without a "predominant one-time interest payment" (where the yield-to-maturity is 
predominantly derived from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest payment) who 
are individuals receiving payments of interest on Securities (either in the form of periodic interest 
payments or as a one-time interest payment such as an issue discount or a repayment premium) are 
required to include such payments in their personal income tax return and will be taxable on any net 
taxable income (including the payments of interest on the Securities) for the relevant tax period. A capital 
gain, including a gain relating interest accrued realised on the sale or redemption of Securities by a Swiss 
resident holder, is a tax-free private capital gain, and, conversely, a respective loss on the Securities is a 
non-tax-deductible private capital loss. 
Securities with a "predominant one-time interest payment"  
In the case of Securities with a "predominant one-time interest payment" (where the yield-to-maturity is 
predominantly derived from a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium and not from periodic interest payments), the positive difference (including any capital and 
foreign exchange gain) between the amount received upon sale or redemption and the issue price (if the 
Securities were purchased thereafter) will be classified as a taxable interest payment, as opposed to a tax-
free capital gain (pure differential taxation method). Provided that the Securities can be treated 
transparently from a tax point of view, i.e. if it is possible to differentiate between the bond and option 
components, the so-called modified differential taxation method is applied, whereby the income realised 
on the bond component is taxed, while the income realised on the option component remains tax-free. 
Losses realised on the sale of Securities with a "predominant one-time interest payment" may be offset 
against gains realised within the same tax period on the sale of any Securities with a "predominant one-
time interest payment". 
Securities held as business asset by a Swiss resident holder 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold their Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, 
which in the case of residents abroad, is carried out through a permanent establishment or a fixed place 
of business in Switzerland ("Domestic Commercial Securityholders"), are required to recognise the 
payments of interest and any gain realised on the sale, redemption or exercise of such Securities 
(including a gain relating to interest accrued) and any loss on such Securities in their income statement 
for the respective tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable earnings for such period. The same 
taxation treatment also applies to Swiss resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified 
as "professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealings and leveraged investments 
in securities. 
(b) 
Cantonal and Communal Wealth Tax and Capital Tax, Gift, Estate and Inheritance Tax

--- Page 395 ---
395 
 
Holders of Securities who are Non-Resident Securityholders are not subject to cantonal and communal 
wealth tax or capital tax. 
Holders of Securities who are Resident Private Securityholders or individuals that are Domestic 
Commercial Securityholders are required to report the Securities as part of their private wealth or as part 
of their Swiss business assets, as the case may be, and are subject to annual cantonal and/or communal 
wealth tax on any net taxable wealth (including the Securities); however, in the case of individuals that 
are Domestic Commercial Securityholders, only to the extent aggregate taxable wealth is allocable to 
Switzerland. Corporate Domestic Commercial Securityholders are required to report the Securities as 
part of their assets in their financial statements and are subject to cantonal and communal capital tax on 
net taxable equity; however, in the case of a non-Swiss resident corporate Domestic Commercial 
Securityholders holding Securities as part of a Swiss permanent establishment, only to the extent 
aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. No wealth tax and no capital tax are levied at federal 
level. 
The transfer of Securities may be subject to cantonal and/or communal gift, estate or inheritance taxes if 
the donor is, or the deceased was, resident for tax purposes in a Swiss canton levying such taxes. 
(c) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the non-Swiss issuer are currently not subject to withholding 
tax, provided that the Issuer is at all times resident and effectively managed outside Switzerland for Swiss 
tax purposes. 
On 14 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council adopted the dispatch on an amendment to the Swiss federal 
withholding tax act (strengthening the debt capital market). The reform provides for the complete 
abolition of withholding tax on domestic interest payments (with the exception of interest payments on 
bank deposits to domestic individuals). Should the reform be enacted as currently envisaged, payments 
of interest would thus no longer be subject to withholding tax, even if the issuer were domiciled in 
Switzerland, provided that the Securities do not qualify as bank deposits. If there was a deduction or 
withholding of withholding tax on any interest payments in respect of the Securities, the holders of the 
Securities would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction or 
withholding under the terms of the Securities. 
(d)  
Securities Transfer Tax 
Securities transfer tax (Umsatzabgabe) is levied on the transfer of ownership against consideration of 
certain taxable securities (which may include the Securities) if a securities dealer in Switzerland or 
Liechtenstein, as defined in the Swiss federal stamp duty act, is a party or acts as an intermediary to the 
transaction and no exemption applies. Hence, secondary market transactions in the Securities may be 
subject to securities transfer tax at a rate of up to 0.3%, calculated on the purchase price or sales proceeds. 
Also, the physical delivery of the underlying upon settlement (future) or exercise (option) is generally 
subject to securities transfer tax, if the underlying itself qualifies as taxable security for Swiss stamp duty 
purposes. 
However, those Securities which classify as pure derivatives for Swiss stamp duty purposes do generally 
not qualify as taxable securities and are thus not subject to securities transfer tax. This excludes those 
Securities which, due to specific features, are considered debt financing instruments (bonds or money 
market securities), share-like or fund-like products, as well as Low Exercise Price Options (LEPO) on 
shares (with a maturity exceeding one year) for Swiss stamp duty purposes.  
(e)  
Automatic Exchange of Information  
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
"MCAA"). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information

--- Page 396 ---
396 
 
(the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
(the "AEOI Act") entered into force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the 
implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. 
The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements of 
Switzerland in effect or signed and becoming effective, including the dates of commencement of data 
collection and data exchange, can be found on the website of the State Secretariat for International 
Financial Matters SIF <www.sif.admin.ch>. 
Based on such bilateral or multilateral agreements, as the case may be, and the implementation of Swiss 
law, Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including the Securities, held 
in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland 
for the benefit of individuals resident in a European Union member state or in a treaty state.

--- Page 397 ---
397 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
Restrictions on Public Offers of Securities in Relevant Member States where there is no exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  
Certain Tranches of Securities may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a 
Public Offer. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Securities. 
However, any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Securities in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area where the Prospectus Regulation is applicable (each, a "Relevant Member 
State") may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Relevant Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State) and published in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, provided that the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in 
connection with such offer as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with 
by the person making the Public Offer of such Securities.  
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Manager have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Public Offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)  
In the context of any Public Offer of Securities, the Issuer has requested or may request the CBI to 
provide a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a 
"passport") in relation to the passporting of the Base Prospectus to the competent authorities of Austria, 
Croatia, France, Hungary, Luxembourg, Italy, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain (the "Host Member 
States"). Even though the Issuer has elected (or will elect) to passport this Base Prospectus into the Host 
Member States, it does not mean that it will choose to make any Public Offer in the Host Member States. 
Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue of Securities to see whether the Issuer has elected 
to make a public offer of Securities either in Ireland or in a Host Member State (each a "Public Offer 
Jurisdiction"). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility in the Public Offer Jurisdictions for which it has given consent referred 
to herein for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an 
offer of any Securities is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its consent to 
use this Base Prospectus (such financial intermediary, an "Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made 
during the period for which that consent is given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached 
to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus. However, the Issuer does not have 
any responsibility for any of the actions of an Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other 
securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to 
Consent" below.  
None of the Issuer or any Manager makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or Securities law 
requirements in relation to any Public Offer and none of the Issuer or any Manager has any responsibility 
or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.  
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer and any Manager has authorised the making of any 
Public Offer by any offeror nor have they consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other 
person in connection with any Public Offer of Securities. Any Public Offer made without the 
consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer or any Manager accepts any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. If, in 
the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in the context of the Public Offer

--- Page 398 ---
398 
 
and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether they can rely on this Base 
Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents they should take legal advice.  
Consent  
The consent referred to relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of approval of 
this Base Prospectus. 
In connection with each Tranche of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent":  
(1) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of such Securities during the relevant Offer Period 
stated in the applicable Final Terms by the relevant Manager and by:  
(a) any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(b)  any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the Issuer’s website (https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/) and identified 
as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and  
(2) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Issuer consents to the use of 
the Base Prospectus by all financial intermediaries, the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to 
the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in 
connection with a Public Offer of Securities during the relevant Offer Period stated in the 
applicable Final Terms by any financial intermediary which satisfies the "Specific Conditions to 
Consent" set out below.  
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant 
Public Offer are (in addition to the conditions described under "Specific Conditions to Consent" below if 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent:  
(i) 
is only valid with reference to Public Offers occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus;  
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities in one or more of Ireland, Austria, Croatia, France, Luxembourg, Italy, Hungary, 
Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.  
Each Tranche of Securities may only be offered to Investors as part of a Public Offer in the 
Relevant Member State(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer.  
Specific Conditions to Consent  
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are that:  
(i)  
the financial intermediary must be authorised to make such offers under the applicable legislation 
implementing the MiFID II in the Relevant Member State;  
(ii)  
the financial intermediary accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base 
Prospectus by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets completed with the relevant information):

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Securities] 
(the "Securities") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") published 
by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the "Issuer"). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer of its consent to 
our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the 
Securities (the "Offer") in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to the 
conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and we are using the Base 
Prospectus in connection with the Offer accordingly".  
The Authorised Offeror Terms, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using the Base Prospectus, are that the financial intermediary:  
(1) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant 
Manager that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Public Offer:  
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, 
rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time 
to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Securities by any person and 
disclosure to any potential Investor, and will immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant 
Manager if at any time such financial intermediary becomes aware or suspects that it is or 
may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and 
comply with such Rules in all respects;  
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Offering and Sale" in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply as if it were a Manager;  
(c) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by 
that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Securities does not violate 
the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors 
or potential Investors;  
(d) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Securities under the applicable laws and 
regulations of the Relevant Member State;  
(e) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know 
your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance 
with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to 
initial investment in any Securities by the Investor), and will not permit any application for 
Securities in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the 
source of the application monies;  
(f) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the Issuer and 
the relevant Manager or directly to the appropriate authority with jurisdiction over any 
Manager in order to enable the Issuer or any Manager to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules applying to the 
Issuer or any Manager;  
(g) 
ensure that no holder of Securities or potential Investor in the Securities shall become an 
indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Manager for the purposes of any 
applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created 
by the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial 
intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising;  
(h) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Manager in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (f) 
above) upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Manager as is available to such 
financial intermediary or which is within its power and control from time to time, together

--- Page 400 ---
400 
 
with such further assistance as is reasonably requested by the Issuer or the relevant 
Manager:  
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the 
Securities, the Issuer or the relevant Manager; and/or  
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Manager relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Manager or another Authorised 
Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by 
any regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or  
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Manager may reasonably require from time to time 
in relation to the Securities and/or as to allow the Issuer or the relevant Manager fully 
to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements,  
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame 
set by any such regulator or regulatory process;  
(i) 
during the period of the initial offering of the Securities: (i) not sell the Securities at any 
price other than the Issue Price or the Premium in case of Warrants, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Manager); (ii) not sell 
the Securities otherwise than for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant 
Manager); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third 
parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Securities (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Manager); and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably 
required and specified by the relevant Manager; 
(j) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Securities, or 
(ii) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) makes for its discretionary 
management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its 
execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Securities on their 
behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any 
applicable Rules;  
(k) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Manager to 
breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Manager to any requirement to obtain 
or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction;  
(l) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common conditions to 
consent" above and any further requirements relevant to the Public Offer as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(m) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Securities the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any 
applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose and not convey or 
publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with the Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; and  
(n) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the 
purposes of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the relevant Public Offer, it will 
ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the 
Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided such communication 
independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such 
communication and that none of the Issuer and the relevant Manager accept any 
responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without the prior written consent 
of the Issuer or the relevant Manager (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the 
Issuer or the relevant Manager or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity

--- Page 401 ---
401 
 
within their respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a 
proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Securities on the 
basis set out in the Base Prospectus;  
(2) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Manager (in each case on 
behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and 
controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or 
demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s 
fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) which any of them may 
incur or which may be made against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection 
with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings 
by such financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such 
financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to observe any of the above 
restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised 
representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been authorised for such 
purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Manager; and  
(3)  
agrees and accepts that:  
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by 
the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base Prospectus with its consent 
in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law;  
(b) 
subject to (d) below, the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") and the Issuer and financial 
intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts;  
(c) 
for the purposes of (b) above and (d) below, the financial intermediary waives any objection 
to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any dispute;  
(d) 
to the extent permitted by law, the Issuer and the Manager may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and  
(e) 
each relevant Manager will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, 
be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for its benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised 
Offeror Terms.  
Any financial intermediary who meets all of the conditions set out in "Specific Conditions to 
Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" above who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the statement (duly completed) specified at paragraph (ii) under "Specific Conditions 
to Consent" above.  
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS  
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SECURITIES IN A 
PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES

--- Page 402 ---
402 
 
AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC 
OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. 
THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER AND ANY MANAGER (EXCEPT 
WHERE SUCH MANAGER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE 
INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE.  
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price  
Securities to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
relevant Manager at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on the 
remuneration applicable to the Securities and prevailing market conditions at that time. 
The Offer Price of such Securities is the price at which the investor may subscribe the Securities, in case 
of Public Offer. The Offer Price of the Securities will be the Issue Price, or such other price as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and 
the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Securities to such Investor. Neither the Issuer or the 
relevant Manager(s) will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and 
the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such 
Authorised Offeror is offering the Securities to such Investor.

--- Page 403 ---
403 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer dated 16 June 2020. For the issue of any Series of Securities under the Programme no separate 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer is necessary. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CBI, in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation, to approve this document as a base prospectus. The CBI assumes no responsibility for the 
economic and financial opportuneness of the transactions set out under this Programme or the quality or 
solvency of the Issuer. Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities issued under the 
Programme (i) to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin; and (ii) to be admitted to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and the GEM. The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. The GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Securities may be issued under the Programme which are not listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on the Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or market or trading venue, or Securities may be 
issued which are listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other stock exchange or markets 
or trading venues as the Issuer may specify in the applicable Final Terms. After the Issue Date, application 
may be made to list the Securities on other stock exchanges or regulated markets or to admit to trading 
on other trading venues as the Issuer may decide. 
Documents available for inspection 
In addition to the availability of the Base Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein in 
electronic form as set out below, for so long as the Programme remains valid with Euronext Dublin or any 
Securities shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, the following documents (translated into 
English, where applicable) may be obtained by the public during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Irish Listing Agent and at the registered offices of the Issuer, namely: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements to this Base Prospectus (together with any prospectuses 
published in connection with any future updates in respect of the Base Prospectus) and any other 
information incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(b) 
a certified copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
any Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Securities which are neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by the relevant Securityholders and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Listing Agent as to its holding of Securities and identity);  
(e) 
any supplemental agreement prepared and published in connection with the Programme; and 
(f) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion on each such 
framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any public reporting by or on behalf of 
Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Climate 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, from time to time published by Intesa Sanpaolo, will 
be available in the investor relations section on the website of Intesa Sanpaolo. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second party opinion 
or public reporting are incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms 
relating to the Securities which are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and each 
document 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Euronext 
Dublin's 
website 
(https://www.euronext.com), and at the following website: www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com.

--- Page 404 ---
404 
 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to the 
Securities will remain published on the Issuer's website (www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com) 
for at least 10 years after their publication.   
Copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo are available on the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/governance/company-documents  
Any Second-party Opinion in relation to Green Certificates or Climate Certificates or Social Certificates 
or 
Sustainability 
Certificates 
are 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/sustainability/environment/green-products/Green-bonds. 
Financial statements available 
In addition to the availability of the Base Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein in 
electronic form as set out below, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Securities shall be 
outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be 
obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of the Irish Listing Agent and at the 
registered offices of the Issuer:  
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo as at and for the years 
ended 31 December, 2019 and 2020; in each case, together with the accompanying notes and 
any auditors' report; 
(b) 
the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of Intesa 
Sanpaolo published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its 
unaudited consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2021; 
(c) 
the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of Intesa 
Sanpaolo published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its 
unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements as at and for the six months ended 30 
June 2020 and 2021; and 
(d) 
the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of Intesa 
Sanpaolo published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its 
unaudited consolidated financial statements as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 
2021. 
Clearing Systems 
Securities to be represented by a Global Security have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The common code or any other security identification code, and ISIN for each 
issue of Securities allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities will be accepted for clearance in Monte Titoli. Italian Dematerialised 
Securities will be in bearer form (al portatore) and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli (with registered office and principal 
place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy). 
If the Securities of any series are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amounts of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and

--- Page 405 ---
405 
 
any Manager(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Trend information / No Material Change 
Since (i) 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, (ii) 30 
September 2021, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group and (iii) 30 September 2021, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the 
Issuer and of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Material contracts 
None of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and Intesa Sanpaolo's other subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in 
the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may reasonably be expected 
to be material to the Issuer' ability to meet its obligations to Securityholders. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information except to the extent required by any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus under "Description of the Issuer – Legal Proceedings", none 
of the Issuer or any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration or administrative proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
financial position or profitability and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no such litigation, arbitration or 
administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
Independent Auditors 
For the period from 2012 until 2020 the independent auditors of Intesa Sanpaolo were KPMG S.p.A.. 
KPMG S.p.A. have audited Intesa Sanpaolo's consolidated annual financial statements, in accordance 
with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia) promulgated pursuant to article 11.3 of Legislative 
decree no. 39/10, as at and for the years ended 31 December, 2019 and 2020. 
KPMG S.p.A. has also performed a limited review on the 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
Statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2020 in accordance with CONSOB Regulation 
No. 10867 of 31 July 1997. The limited review report in respect of the half-year 2020 has been issued by 
KPMG S.p.A. on 5 August 2020. 
KPMG S.p.A. is a member of Assirevi, the Italian association of auditors, and is included in the register 
of certified auditors (Registro dei revisori legali) at the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative decree no. 39/10 and established by Ministerial Decree no. 145 of 2012. 
On 30 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo appointed EY S.p.A. as 
independent auditors for the financial years 2021-2029. EY S.p.A. is an independent public accounting 
firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Contabili) 
held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 
January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. EY S.p.A. is also a member of the 
ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors Association. The 
business address of Ernst & Young S.p.A. is Via Lombardia, 31 – 00187 Rome, Italy. EY S.p.A. 
performed an interim review on the 2021 Half Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements. The first financial 
statements of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. to be audited by EY S.p.A were those as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2021.

--- Page 406 ---
406 
 
LEI Code 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") Code of Intesa Sanpaolo is 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08. 
Declaration of the officer responsible for preparing Intesa Sanpaolo's financial reports  
The officer responsible for preparing the company's financial reports, Fabrizio Dabbene, declares, 
pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance (Legislative Decree No. 
58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time) that the accounting information 
contained in this Base Prospectus corresponds to Intesa Sanpaolo's documentary results, books and 
accounting records.

--- Page 407 ---
407 
 
THE ISSUER 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy 
PRINCIPAL SECURITY AGENT AND IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
28-32 Place de la Gare 
L-1616 Luxembourg  
Luxembourg  
CALCULATION AGENT 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to English law and Italian law 
DLA Piper Studio Legale Tributario Associato 
Via dei Due Macelli 66 
00187 Rome 
Italy