--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a società per azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
NOTE ISSUANCE PROGRAMME IMI CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
Under this Note Issuance Programme IMI Corporate & Investment Banking (the Programme) Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
(the Issuer or the Bank or Intesa Sanpaolo) may from time to time issue notes in bearer or registered form (respectively, 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes and, together, the Notes) denominated in any currency determined by the Issuer. 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as 
competent authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg under the loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières 
dated 16 July 2019 as amended (the "Prospectus Law 2019"), which implements the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), and any other 
relevant implementing legislation in Luxembourg, to approve this document as a base prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(the "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the 
"EEA"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF gives no 
undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line 
with the provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Prospectus Law 2019. 
This document comprises a Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base 
Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of its approval (i.e. 15 June 2024). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Application has also been made to the Luxemburg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be (i) listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and (ii) admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market (the "Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market") (including the professional 
segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and the multilateral trading facility, EuroMTF, of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "EuroMTF") (including the professional segment of the EuroMTF). The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The EuroMTF is not 
a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, but it is subject to the supervision of the CSSF. 
The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus concerning the Notes admitted to 
trading on the EuroMTF. The CSSF assumes therefore no responsibility in relation to the issues of Notes admitted to 
trading on the EuroMTF. 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified by the Issuer and indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms (as defined below) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on an EEA exchange or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notice of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the Issue Price of Notes 
and any other terms and conditions which are applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set out in a final terms document 
(the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes listed on Luxemburg Stock Exchange, will be filed to the CSSF on or 
before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchange(s) or markets as the Issuer may decide. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the Notes 
are to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis and may be distributed by way of private or public placement as specified in

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
the applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final Terms so specify, Notes may be distributed to one or more Managers 
(each a Manager). 
The Issuer has been rated BBB (high) by DBRS Morningstar; BBB by Fitch Ratings; Baa1 by Moody’s; and BBB by 
S&P Global Ratings. Each of DBRS Morningstar, Moody's, S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings is established in the 
European Union (the EU) and is registered under the Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). 
As such each of DBRS Morningstar, Moody's, S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at the section 
supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may 
be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent 
of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the light 
of their own circumstances and financial condition. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers to ensure that 
they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, 
accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and are not relying on 
the advice of the Issuer or, if relevant, any Manager in that regard. See Section "Risk Factors". The language of 
the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original 
language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
IMPORTANT – RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor either in the European Economic Area 
(the "EEA") or in one or more specified jurisdictions in the EEA, and/or in one or more specified jurisdictions outside 
the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, as amended ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or (iv) a retail client 
within the meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation of the specified jurisdiction outside the 
EEA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or 
in the specified jurisdiction(s) only has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA and/or in the specified jurisdiction(s) only may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to one or more reference rates 
that may constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the "Benchmark Regulation" or "BMR"). If any such reference rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the applicable final terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 of the BMR. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, 
pursuant to article 51 of the BMR, transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark (i.e. a benchmark which has been recognised as a critical benchmark or a 
benchmark whose administrator is based in a non-EU jurisdiction and does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions 
(according to Article 30 of the BMR) or is not "recognised" pending such an equivalence decision (according to Article 
32 of the BMR) or is not "endorsed" for such purpose (according to Article 33 of the BMR)) is not required to appear in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable final terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the applicable final terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. Amounts 
payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, EONIA Rate, SONIA, SOFR and certain CMS 
Rates, which are provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) (with respect to EURIBOR and EONIA), 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (ICE) (with respect to certain CMS Rates), Bank of England (with respect to 
SONIA) and Federal Reserve Bank of New York (with respect to SOFR). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI 
has been authorised as a regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of the Benchmark Regulation and 
appears on the public register of administrators established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of ICE, the Bank of England or Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply to ICE, such that ICE is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence); and (ii) the Bank of England and 
the Federal Reserve of New York do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Benchmark Regulation. If the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 8(ii) is applicable, the Issuer is not obliged 
to gross up any payments in respect of the Notes and shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for 
payment, or enforcement of any Note and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), and may not be offered, delivered, or sold within the United States (U.S.) to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in regulation S under the Securities Act), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. There will be no public offering of the Notes in the United 
States. See "Subscription and Sale" below. The Notes will be issued in bearer form or in registered form. See "Form of 
the Notes" for further description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 June 2023

--- Page 4 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer (the Responsible Person) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Certain information included within the Section "Clearing and Settlement" has been extracted from 
information provided by the clearing systems referred to therein. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant clearing systems, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and 
with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and 
construed together with the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
office(s) set out below of the Paying Agent(s) (as defined below). 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or in the Final Terms or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer 
or any Manager of an issue of Notes. 
No Manager has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by any Manager as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any 
Manager to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same or that there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of

--- Page 5 ---
4 
 
 
the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published 
documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Notes 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the U.S. or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury Regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES WHERE THERE 
IS NO EXEMPTION FROM THE OBLIGATION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
TO PUBLISH A PROSPECTUS 
Restrictions on Public Offers of Notes in Relevant Member States where there is no exemption from 
the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Public Offer. This Base 
Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes in each Member State in relation 
to which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified Member 
State a Public Offer Jurisdiction and together the Public Offer Jurisdictions).  
Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent to use this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent 
given in accordance with Article 5(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)" and provided 
such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Manager have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Public Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Public Offer of such Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an Investor) who acquires 
any Notes in a Public Offer made by any Manager or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that 
offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the 
conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The 
consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" 
below. 
None of the Issuer or any Manager makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements 
in relation to any Public Offer and none of the Issuer or any Manager has any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraph, the Issuer has not authorised the 
making of any Public Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base 
Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Public Offer of Notes. Any Public Offer made

--- Page 6 ---
5 
 
 
without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Manager accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions 
of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus 
for the purposes of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt 
about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take 
legal advice. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent": 
Specific consent 
(1) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of such Notes by: 
(a) 
the relevant Manager specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms 
and whose name is published on the Issuer's website intesasanpaolo.com and identified 
as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer, 
in each case subject to such conditions as may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and 
the relevant Manager or relevant financial intermediary; and 
General consent 
(2) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", 
the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as 
at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of Notes by any other financial 
intermediary which satisfies the "Specific Conditions to General Consent" set out below. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Public 
Offer are (in addition to the conditions described under "Specific Conditions to General Consent" below if 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in one or more of the following jurisdictions: Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, Republic of 
Ireland, Republic of Italy, Hungary, Slovak Republic, Croatia, Austria, Belgium and Portugal (the 
Public Offer Jurisdictions), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
6 
 
 
Each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Public Offer in the Relevant 
Member State(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such 
offer.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The only Relevant Member States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any Relevant Member States are so specified) as indicated in (ii) above, will be 
the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of Italy, Hungary, the Slovak Republic, the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, Croatia, Austria, Belgium and Portugal, and accordingly each Tranche of Notes may only be 
offered to Investors as part of a Public Offer in the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of Italy, Hungary, the 
Slovak Republic, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, Croatia, Austria, Belgium and Portugal, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Specific Conditions to General Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are that: 
(i) 
the financial intermediary must be authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation 
implementing the MiFID II in the relevant Member State; 
(ii) 
the financial intermediary accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base 
Prospectus by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets completed with the relevant information) (the Acceptance Statement): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the Notes) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published 
by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Issuer). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent 
to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of 
the Notes in [specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period and subject to the other conditions 
to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus) and 
confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly". 
The Authorised Offeror Terms, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using the Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(1) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant 
Manager that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Public Offer: 
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, 
rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”), from 
time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure 
to any potential Investor, and will immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant 
Manager if at any time such financial intermediary becomes aware or suspects that it is 
or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation 
and comply with such Rules in all respects;

--- Page 8 ---
7 
 
 
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base Prospectus 
which would apply as if it were a Manager; 
(c) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received 
or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not 
violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to 
Investors or potential Investors; 
(d) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(e) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know 
your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance 
with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior 
to initial investment in any Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any application 
for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the 
source of the application monies; 
(f) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the Issuer and 
the relevant Manager or directly to the appropriate authority with jurisdiction over any 
Manager in order to enable the Issuer or any Manager to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules applying to the 
Issuer or any Manager; 
(g) 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in the Notes shall become an indirect 
or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Manager for the purposes of any applicable 
Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created by the 
relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial 
intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(h) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Manager in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph 
(f) above) upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Manager as is available to 
such financial intermediary or which is within its power and control from time to time, 
together with such further assistance as is reasonably requested by the Issuer or the 
relevant Manager: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Manager; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Manager relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Manager or 
another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as 
defined in rules published by any regulator of competent jurisdiction from 
time to time; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Manager may reasonably require from 
time to time in relation to the Notes and/or as to allow the Issuer or the 
relevant Manager fully to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory 
requirements,

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any 
time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(i) 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) not sell the Notes at any price 
other than the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed 
with the relevant Manager); (ii) not sell the Notes otherwise than for settlement on the 
Issue Date specified in the relevant Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors 
(unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Manager); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration 
or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the 
Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Manager); and (v) comply with such 
other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant 
Manager; 
(j) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Notes, or (ii) 
keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) makes for its discretionary 
management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its 
execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Notes on their 
behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any 
applicable Rules; 
(k) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Manager to 
breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Manager to any requirement to obtain 
or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(l) 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Manager if at any time it becomes aware 
or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to 
remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(m) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common conditions to 
consent" above and any further requirements or other Authorised Offeror Terms relevant 
to the Public Offer as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(n) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any 
applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose and not convey 
or publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with the Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; and 
(o) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any 
other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for 
the purposes of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the relevant Public Offer, it 
will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies 
with the Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided such 
communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer and the relevant Manager 
accept any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Manager (as applicable), use the legal or 
publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Manager or any other name, brand or logo 
registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any such 
entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant 
Notes on the basis set out in the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
 
(2) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Manager (in each case on 
behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and 
controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or 
demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel's 
fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) which any of them may 
incur or which may be made against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection 
with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings 
by such financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such 
financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to observe any of the above 
restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised 
representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been authorised for such 
purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Manager; and 
(3) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance 
by the financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Base Prospectus with its 
consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the Authorised Offeror Contract), 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law; 
(b) 
subject to (d) below, the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a Dispute) and the Issuer and financial 
intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts; 
(c) 
for the purposes of (b) above and (d) below, the financial intermediary waives any 
objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; 
(d) 
to the extent permitted by law, the Issuer and the Manager may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and 
(e) 
each relevant Manager will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, 
be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or 
are expressed to be, for its benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the 
Authorised Offeror Terms. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (1)(b) and 1(c) under "Consent – Specific 
Consent" and paragraph (2) under "Consent – General Consent" are together the Authorised 
Offerors and each an Authorised Offeror. 
Any Authorised Offeror who meets all of the conditions set out in "Specific Conditions to General 
Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" above who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A PUBLIC 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF 
SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE 
BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING 
ARRANGEMENTS 
IN 
RELATION 
TO 
PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES 
AND 
SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL 
TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION 
WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. 
NONE OF THE ISSUER OR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY MANAGER (EXCEPT 
WHERE SUCH MANAGER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION 
DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant 
Manager at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on the interest rate 
applicable to the Notes and prevailing market conditions at that time. The Offer Price of such Notes will be 
the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making 
the offer of the Notes to such Investor. Neither the Issuer nor the relevant Manager(s) will be party to 
arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Notes to 
such Investor. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes in any jurisdiction 
or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the U.S. or its possessions, the EEA (including the Republic of Italy, 
Ireland, Hungary, the Slovak Republic, Portugal, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, Croatia, Austria 
and Belgium) and Japan (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii)

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
 
below may apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant Member 
State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an 
offer in that Relevant Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only 
do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a supplement to a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, 
or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to 
the competent authority in that Relevant Member State and (in either case) published, all in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State, such offer is made in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to 
the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Manager has authorised, 
nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises 
for the Issuer or any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the person or persons (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there 
is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation 
Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars and 
to "£" refer to Sterling. References to "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, as amended. The language of this Base Prospectus is English. 
Any foreign language text that is included with or within this document has been included for 
convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the surviving entity from the merger between Banca Intesa S.p.A. and Sanpaolo IMI 
S.p.A., which was completed with effect from 1 January 2007. Pursuant to the merger, Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
merged by incorporation into Banca Intesa S.p.A. which, upon completion of the merger, changed its name 
to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. Accordingly, in this Base Prospectus: 
- 
references to "Intesa Sanpaolo" are to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. in respect of the period since 1 
January 2007 and references to the "Intesa Sanpaolo Group" are to Intesa Sanpaolo and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period;

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
 
- 
references to "Banca Intesa" or "Intesa" are to Banca Intesa S.p.A. in respect of the period prior 
to 1 January 2007 and references to the "Banca Intesa Group" are to Banca Intesa and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period; and 
- 
references to "Sanpaolo IMI" are to Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. in respect of the period prior to 1 January 
2007 and references to "Sanpaolo IMI Group" are to Sanpaolo IMI and its subsidiaries in respect 
of the same period. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
14 
RISK FACTORS 
19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
57 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
60 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
64 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
111 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
124 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
126 
3. 
INTEREST PROVISIONS 
127 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
195 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE - GENERAL PROVISIONS 
199 
6. 
MARKET DISRUPTIONS AND ADJUSTMENTS 
209 
7. 
DUAL CURRENCY NOTES 
210 
8. 
TAXATION 
217 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
219 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
220 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
220 
12. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
220 
13. 
AGENTS AND REGISTRAR 
221 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
221 
15. 
NOTICES 
221 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
222 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
223 
18. 
COVENANT TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION 
223 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
224 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
224 
21. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN BAIL-IN POWER 
225 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
226 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
227 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
302 
TAXATION 
305 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
334 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
337

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions 
of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may determine that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, 
in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new Prospectus or a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus will be published which will deserve the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, as amended (the “Prospectus Commission 
Delegated Regulation”) supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a company limited by shares (società per 
azioni), incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its 
registered office at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin, Italy and 
registered with the Companies' Registry of Turin under registration 
number 00799960158. 
Description: 
Note Issuance Programme IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Issuing 
and 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch  
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in any currency (the Specified Currency) specified by the 
Issuer including, without limitation, Australian dollars, Canadian 
dollars, Danish kroner, euro, Hong Kong dollars, Japanese yen, New 
Zealand dollars, Norwegian krone, South African rand, Sterling, 
Swedish kronor, Swiss francs and U.S. dollars (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). If the Notes are specified to be Dual Currency 
Interest Notes and/or Dual Currency Redemption Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will pay principal and/or interest on 
the Notes in a currency different to the Specified Currency (the 
Payment Currency). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be specified by the Issuer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency or, if the Notes are specified to be Dual Currency Redemption

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
 
Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Payment Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Offer Price: 
Notes may be offered in the context of a Public Offer or in 
circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under 
the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus, at such price as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Offer Price"). The Offer 
Price may be equal to the Issue Price, or such other price as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form, as 
described in "Form of the Notes". For any Note, the applicable Final 
Terms will specify whether such Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed 
Reset Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a 
Structured Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. This Note 
may be a non-interest bearing Note, if specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms will specify also whether U.S. 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor U.S. 
Treasury Regulations Section including, without limitation, Regulations 
issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-
20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010 (the "TEFRA D Rules") or U.S. Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor U.S. Treasury 
Regulations Section including, without limitation, Regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010 (the "TEFRA C Rules") (TEFRA C Rules 
and TEFRA D Rules are referred to collectively herein as the "TEFRA 
Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes issued in bearer form, 
provided that if the Notes in bearer form do not have a maturity or more 
than 365 days, the applicable Final Terms will specify that the TEFRA 
Rules are not applicable. Notes to which the TEFRA Rules apply will 
initially be represented by one or more global securities deposited with 
a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, S.A. and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. Global securities may be exchanged for definitive 
securities only in the limited circumstances described in "Form of the 
Notes". 
In addition, in certain circumstances, investors may also hold interests 
in the Notes indirectly through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited through 
the issuance of dematerialised depository interests issued, held, settled 
and transferred through CREST (CDIs), CDIs represent interests in the 
relevant Notes underlying the CDIs; the CDIs are not themselves Notes.  
See "Clearing and Settlement" for more information regarding holding 
CDIs. 
Structured Rate Notes: 
Notes may bear Structured Rate Interest(s) amongst the following: Call

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
 
Interest, Put Interest, Digital Interest, Range Accrual Interest, Spread 
Interest. The applicable Final Terms will specify the method of 
calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest (where Digital Interest is 
applicable) or the Interest Amount(s) (where one of the following is 
applicable: Call Interest, Put Interest, Range Accrual Interest and 
Spread Interest), the Interest Payment Date(s) and the Business Day 
Convention. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms either (x) as the same Rate of Interest for all Interest Periods 
or (y) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Interest 
Periods. Structured Rate Interest are linked to the financial asset 
specified in the applicable Final Terms amongst the following: shares, 
indices (which will not be indices composed by the Issuer or any legal 
entities of the group), commodities, futures contracts, exchange rates, 
inflation rates, interest rates, funds, swap rates and Baskets composed 
of the aforementioned financial assets. In respect of the relevant 
financial asset of the specific issue, the applicable Final Terms will 
specify the relevant ISIN code (if applicable), the relevant Information 
Source, details of where the information about such financial asset can 
be obtained, as well as the Index Sponsor (in the case of indices). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Notes may bear Fixed Rate Interest payable at such rate(s) and on such 
date or dates as may be specified by the Issuer and on redemption. 
Interest involving broken interest amounts will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified by the Issuer. 
Fixed Reset Rate Notes: 
Notes may bear Fixed Reset Rate Interest: 
(a) in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there 
is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after 
the Interest Commencement Date), at the rate per annum equal to 
the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(b) in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset 
Period, each successive Reset Period thereafter), at such rate per 
annum as is equal to the relevant Reset Rate as may be specified 
by the Issuer,  
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Fixed Reset Interest Payment 
Dates(s) as may be specified by the Issuer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Notes may bear Floating Rate Interest at a rate determined: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
(as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); 
or

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or 
(c) as the difference between two rates which may be determined 
in accordance with either (a) or (b) above. 
The margin (if any) and the rate multiplier (if any) relating to such 
floating rate will be specified by the Issuer for each Series of Notes 
bearing Floating Rate Interests. 
Change of Interest Basis 
and Issuer's Switch Option: 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notes will bear interest at a combination of rate(s) with 
different rate(s) being applicable for different periods as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Each such rate will be determined in accordance 
with the provisions applicable to Structured Rate Interest, Fixed Rate 
Interest, Fixed Reset Rate Interest and/or Floating Rate Interest. 
If Issuer's Switch Option is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer may at its option change the Interest Basis of the 
Notes from Structured Rate to Fixed Rate or Floating Rate, from Fixed 
Rate to Floating Rate or Fixed Reset Rate or from Floating Rate to Fixed 
Rate or Fixed Reset Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such period(s) as may be specified by the 
Issuer, upon prior notification of such change of interest to Noteholders. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Dual Currency Notes: 
Notes may be Dual Currency Interest Notes and/or Dual Currency 
Redemption Notes (together, Dual Currency Notes). Payments 
(whether in respect of principal or interest and whether at maturity or 
otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the 
relevant Manager may agree. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified 
instalments, if applicable) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, or, in relation to Structured Notes, will be 
redeemable upon occurrence of an event linked to an Underlying, as the 
case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices, provided that the Notes will be redeemable at 
least at par, and on such other terms as may be specified by the Issuer. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be redeemable 
in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In relation to Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities, the early

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
 
redemption of such Notes shall be subject to the extent such Notes 
qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 5(vii)(b) 
(Exercise due to a MREL Disqualification Event) of Notes qualified as 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the 
occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to the condition that 
the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority 
in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR. 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event: 
Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities may be redeemed before their 
stated maturity at the option of Intesa Sanpaolo if the Issuer determines 
that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Any such redemption shall be subject to the circumstances described in 
"Redemption" above. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, a Reference 
Rate (as defined in the Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon a 
material change of a Reference Rate if applicable), the Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as further described in Condition 3(d)(ii)(F)) and, if applicable, an 
Adjustment Spread. 
Modification 
or 
Substitution of Notes: 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of Notes that qualify 
as eligible liabilities, substitute new notes for such Notes whereby such 
new notes shall replace such Notes, or vary the terms of such Notes, as 
fully specified in Condition 16(ii) of the Terms and Conditions. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified by the 
Issuer and indicated in the applicable Final Terms, save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a European 
Economic Area exchange or offered to the public in a Member State of 
the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
The Issuer is entitled, subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
to substitute any other company as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with any Series of Notes or to 
change the branch through which it is acting for the purpose of any 
Series of Notes. Upon any such substitution of the Issuer or branch, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be amended in all consequential 
respects.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme and are material and specific to the Issuer and the Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur or arise for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently 
be able to anticipate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer 
currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations or the 
Notes.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes". 
1. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and obtain a 
better appreciation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the Notes 
issued and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer deem that the following risk factors could 
affect its ability to satisfy their obligations arising from the Notes. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1) 
Risks relating to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group; 
2) 
Risks related to legal proceedings; 
3) 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
4) 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation 
on the solution of banking crises; and 
5) 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles. 
1.1. 
Risks related to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Risk exposure to debt Securities issued by sovereign States 
As at 31 December 2022, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted 
to approximately €27 billion. It compared to approximately €31 billion as at 31 December 2021.  
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as Italy's rating downgrading or 
the forecast that such downgrading may occur, might have negative effects on the assets, the economic and/or 
financial situation, the operational results and the perspectives of the Bank. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group results are and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to Italy and certain

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
 
major European Countries. 
As at 31 December 2022, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted 
to approximately €27 billion (3% of the total assets of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to 
which should be added approximately €8 billion represented by loans. On the same date, the investments 
in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries, Italy included, corresponded to €56 billion (6% of the 
total assets of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to which should be added approximately €10 
billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central banks and other 
public entities represented 11% of the total financial assets (calculated excluding the insurance business 
and including financial assets represented by due from banks and loans to customers). 
As at 31 December 2021, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted 
to approximately €88 billion (8.3% of the total assets of the Group) including the insurance business and to 
approximately €31 billion (2.9% of the total assets of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to which 
should be added approximately €9 billion represented by loans. On the same date, the investments in 
sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries, Italy included, corresponded to €126 billion (11.7% of 
the total assets of the Group) including the insurance business and to approximately €57 billion (5.3% of 
the total assets of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to which should be added approximately 
€11 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central banks and 
other public entities represented 45% of the total financial assets (10% if calculated excluding the insurance 
business and including financial assets represented by due from banks and loans to customers). 
1.2. 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
As at 31 December 2022, there were a total of about 37,400 disputes, other than tax disputes, pending at 
Group level (excluding those involving Risanamento S.p.A., which is not subject to management and 
coordination by Intesa Sanpaolo) with a total remedy sought of around 3,850 million euro. This amount 
includes all outstanding disputes, for which the risk of a disbursement of financial resources resulting from 
a potential negative outcome has been deemed possible or probable and therefore does not include disputes 
for which risk has been deemed remote. The risks associated with these disputes are thoroughly and 
individually analysed by the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group companies. Specific and appropriate 
provisions have been made to the allowances for risks and charges in the event of disputes for which there 
is an estimated probability of a disbursement of more than 50% and where the amount of the disbursement 
may be reliably estimated (disputes with likely risk). Without prejudice to the uncertainty inherent in all 
litigation, the estimate of the obligations that could arise from the disputes and hence the amount of any 
provisions recognised are based on the forward-looking assessments of the outcome of the trial. These 
forward-looking assessments are, in any event, prepared on the basis of all information available at the 
time of the estimate. The disputes with likely risk amount to around 28,300 with a remedy sought of 1,788 
million euro and provisions of 744 million euro. The component referring to the Parent Company Intesa 
Sanpaolo totals around 5,280 disputes, with a remedy sought of 1,433 million euro and provisions of 550 
million euro. There were around 700 disputes relating to other Italian subsidiaries, with a remedy sought 
of 246 million euro and provisions of 91 million euro, while there were around 22,300 relating to 
international subsidiaries, with a remedy sought of 109 million euro and provisions of 103 million euro. 
The risk arising from legal proceedings consists of the possibility of the Bank being obliged to pay any sum 
in case of unfavourable outcome. 
The most common legal disputes are related to invalidity, cancellation, inefficacy actions or compensation 
for damages as a consequence of transactions related to the ordinary banking and financial activity carried 
out by the Bank. 
For any individual assessment regarding legal disputes please refer to the section entitled "Description of 
the Issuer - Legal Proceedings" of this Base Prospectus. Such paragraph also includes information 
concerning the disputes on the marketing of convertible and/or subordinated shares/bonds issued by Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza or Veneto Banca, which filed against respectively Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia 
(both subsequently merged by incorporation in Intesa Sanpaolo).

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
 
1.3. 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the macro-
economic context 
The future development in the macro-economic context may be considered as a risk as it may produce 
negative effects and trends in the economic and financial situation of the Bank and/or the Group. 
Any negative variations of the factors described hereafter, in particular during periods of economic-
financial crisis, could lead the Bank and/or the Group to suffer losses, increases of financing costs, and 
reductions of the value of the assets held, with a potential negative impact on the liquidity of the Bank 
and/or the Group and its financial soundness. 
The trends of the Bank and the Group are affected by the general, national and economic situation of the 
Eurozone, the dynamics of financial markets and the soundness and growth prospects of the economy of 
other geographic areas in which the Bank and/or the Group operates. 
In particular, the profitability capacity and solvency of the Bank and/or the Group are affected by the trends 
of certain factors, such as the investors' expectations and trust, the level and volatility of short-term and 
long-term interest rates, exchange rates, financial markets liquidity, availability and cost of capital, 
sustainability of sovereign debt, household incomes and consumer spending, unemployment levels, 
business profitability and capital spending, inflation and housing prices. 
The macro-economic framework is currently characterised by significant profiles of uncertainty, in relation 
to: (a) the Russia-Ukraine conflict; (b) the future developments of ECB monetary policies in the Euro area 
and of the FED in the dollar area; (c) the tensions observed, on a more or less recurrent basis, in the global 
financial markets; (d) the risk that in the future holders of Italian government debt lose confidence in the 
credit standing of Republic of Italy, owing to political developments or changes in budgetary policies 
affecting the sustainability of government debt; (e) the risk of energy supply disruptions and their effects 
on economic activity and prices. 
The precise impact on the business of the Issuer and the Group is difficult to determine. As such, no 
assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary 
market. 
Credit risk 
As of 31 December 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo recorded an NPL ratio (based on EBA metrics) of 1.9% gross 
and 1% net. On 31 December 2021, the same data corresponded to 2.4% gross and 1.2% net, well below 
the threshold which identify banks in Member States across the Euro area with high levels of non-
performing loans. In this regard the credit institutions which recorded a gross NPL ratio higher than 5% 
are required – on the grounds of the "Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne 
exposures" of EBA – to prepare specific strategic and operative plans for the management of such 
exposures. 
Taking into consideration the pattern of the main credit risk indicators in 2021, in 2022 and the 
improvement of the Gross NPL ratio well below the 5% threshold, Intesa Sanpaolo deems that the risk 
related to credit quality is of low relevance. 
The economic and financial activity and soundness of the Bank depends on its borrower's creditworthiness. 
The Bank is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity. Therefore, the clients' breach of the 
agreements entered into and of their underlying obligations, or any lack of information or incorrect 
information provided by them as to their respective financial and credit position, could have negative effects 
on the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. Furthermore, any exposures in the bank portfolio

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
 
towards counterparties, groups of connected counterparties and counterparties of the same economic sector, 
which perform the same activity or belong to the same geographic area, could increase the Bank 
concentration risk. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the Bank by reason 
of bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other reason. The bankruptcy of an 
important stakeholder, or any concerns about its default, could cause serious liquidity issues, losses or 
defaults by other institutions, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank. The Bank may also be subject 
to the risk, under specific circumstances, that some of its credits towards third parties are no longer 
collectable. Furthermore, a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties, including sovereign States, of 
which the Bank holds securities or bonds, might cause losses and/or negatively affect the ability of the Bank 
to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. A significant 
decrease of the creditworthiness of the counterparties of the Bank might, therefore, have a negative impact 
on the results of the Bank's performances. Albeit, in many cases, the Bank could require further guarantees 
to the counterparties which are in financial difficulties, certain disputes may arise with respect to the amount 
of guarantee that the Bank is entitled to receive and the value of the assets which are object of guarantee. 
The default rates, counterparties rating deterioration and disputes in relation to counterparties on the 
guarantee appraisal could be significantly increased during periods of market tensions and illiquidity. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has always managed its risk portfolio proactively and prudently, overcoming the various 
crises of recent years unscathed. Over the next 2022-25 planning horizon, the Group will pursue a structural 
strategy of de-risking – which was already launched in the last Business Plan with significant results – 
ranking among the best in Europe in terms of NPL ratios and stock (a Zero-NPL Bank) and generating a 
sharp drop in the cost of risk. The latter will, in fact, always be maintained at a conservative level, thanks 
to both substantial reserves for provisions on receivables and ongoing prudent credit management. 
Confirming and reinforcing the strategy of the recent past, Intesa Sanpaolo will pursue a proactive strategy 
of reduction of non-performing loans, also thanks to the significant increase in the degree of coverage of 
non-performing loans achieved in 2022, but also thanks to the supervision and monitoring activities 
performed by the "Group NPL Plan Control Room". Deleveraging will make use of additional selected 
partnerships and targeted portfolio disposals. 
The results for 2022 have confirmed Intesa Sanpaolo’s ability to generate solid profitability and create value 
for all its stakeholders even in a challenging environment, such as the context of the current events involving 
Russia and Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic. NPL stock decreased 30.2% gross and 22.3% net on 
year-end 2021 due to massive de-risking initiatives and the excellent performance in preventing new NPL 
inflows mainly thanks to the continuous and effective monitoring of credit anomalies and riskier clusters 
through the Action Plan and the interventions on the portfolio in a Proactive status. Based on the EBA 
methodology, NPL to total loan ratio stood at 1.9% gross and 1% net. Total Non-Performing Loans (Bad 
Loans, Unlikely-to-Pay and Past Due) amounted - net of adjustments - to ~5.5€ bn, down 22.3%from ~7.1€ 
bn at year-end 2021. In further detail, at the end of December 2022, bad loans decreased to ~€1,1 bn from 
~€2,1bn at year-end 2021, with a bad loan to total loan ratio of 0.3% (0.5% at year-end 2021), and a cash 
coverage ratio of 69.2% (70.4% at year-end 2021). Unlikely-to-pay loans decreased to ~€4bn from ~€4,3bn 
at year-end 2021. Past due loans decreased to €413m from €622m at year-end 2021. Intesa Sanpaolo 
continues to operate as a growth accelerator in the real economy in Italy: in 2022, medium/long-term new 
lending granted by the group to Italian households and businesses amounted to around €58 billion. In 2022, 
the Group facilitated the return to performing status of around 4,000 companies, thus safeguarding around 
20,000 jobs. This brought the total to over 137,000 companies since 2014, with over 690,000 jobs 
safeguarded over the same period. 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please refer to the 
"Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
 
For further information on the management of the "credit risk", please refer to Part E of the explanatory 
note of the consolidated financial statements for 2021, included by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Market risk 
With regard to the overall performance in 2022, compared to the same period of 2021, the trading 
managerial VaR slightly decreased, also due to lower market volatility compared to the exceptional market 
shocks connected with the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, there was a reduction from 
26.7 million euro in 2021 to 24.1 million euro in 2022. Instead with reference to the overall limit relating 
to trading and the hold to collect and sell (HTCS) business model, there was an overall reduction in the 
market managerial VaR in the fourth quarter of 2022 from 207 million euro (average managerial VaR third 
quarter 2022) to 155 million euro (average managerial VaR fourth quarter 2022).  
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the securities of 
sovereign States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by way of example and 
without limitation, interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), which could determine a deterioration 
of the financial soundness of the Bank and/or the Group. Such deterioration could be produced either by 
negative effects on the income statement deriving from positions held for trading purposes, or from negative 
changes in the FVOCI (Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income) reserve, generated by positions 
classified as financial Activities evaluated at fair value, with an impact on the overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes of the financial instruments value, including the 
securities issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates of currencies, 
prices of the securities listed on the markets, commodities and credit spreads and/or other risks. Such 
fluctuations could be caused by changes in the general economic trend, the investors' propensity to 
investments, monetary and tax policies, liquidity of the markets on a global scale, availability and capital 
cost, interventions of rating agencies, political events both at social and international level, war conflicts 
and acts of terrorism. The market risk occurs both with respect to the trading book, which includes the 
financial trading instruments and derivative instruments related thereto, and the banking book, which 
includes the financial assets and liabilities that are different from those contained in the trading book. 
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
As at 31 December 2022, the ratio between the loans to customers and the direct deposits from banking 
business, was at 81.9%, compared to 83.6% on 31 December 2021. 
Both regulatory indicators, LCR and NSFR, were above the minimum regulatory requirements (100%). In 
2022, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, measured according to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61, amounted to an average of 181.9% (184.5% in 2021). As at 31 December 2022, 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s NSFR, measured in accordance with regulatory instructions, was 126% 
(127.3% at the end of 2021). 
The participation of the Group to TLTRO funding transactions with ECB at the end 2022 was equal to a 
nominal amount of €96 billion. 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the market 
situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of the Bank, may have negative effects 
on the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Group. 
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is not able to satisfy its payment obligations at maturity, both due 
to the inability to raise funds on the market (funding liquidity risk) and of the difficulty to disinvest its own 
assets (market liquidity risk).

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
 
The liquidity of the Bank may be prejudiced by the temporary impossibility of accessing capital markets 
by the issuance of debt securities (both guaranteed and not guaranteed), the inability to receive funds from 
counterparties which are external to or of the Group, the inability to sell certain assets or redeem its 
investments, as well as unexpected cash outflows or the obligation to provide more guarantees. Such a 
situation may occur by reason of circumstances that are independent from the control of the Bank, such as 
a general market disruption or an operational issue which affects the Bank or any third parties, or also by 
reason of the perception among the participants in the market that the Bank or other participants in the 
market are experiencing a higher liquidity risk. The liquidity crisis and the loss of trust in the financial 
institutions may increase the Bank's cost of funding and limit its access to some of its traditional liquidity 
sources. 
Examples of liquidity risk manifestation are the bankruptcy of an important participant to the market, or 
concerns about its possible default, which may cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults of other banks 
which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank; and a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties of 
which the Bank holds securities or bonds, that may determine losses and/or negatively affect the ability of the 
Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Operational risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of operational risk which are intrinsic to its business, among 
which those mentioned herein, by way of example and without limitation: frauds by external persons, frauds 
or losses arising from the unfaithfulness of the employees and/or breach of control procedures, operational 
errors, defects or malfunctions of computer or telecommunication systems, computer virus attacks, default 
of suppliers with respect to their contractual obligations, terrorist attacks and natural disasters. The 
occurrence of one or more of said risks may have significant negative effects on the business, the 
operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. The capital absorption amounts 
to €2,039 million as at 31 December 2022 and represents approximately 8.6% of the total value of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group requirement. 
The operational risk may be defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes the following risk: legal, conduct, 
compliance, financial crime, fiscal, IT and Cyber, physical security, business continuity, third-party, data 
quality, fraud, process and employer; strategic and reputational risk are not included. 
The Bank has defined a framework for the operational risks management which consists of the following 
phases: 
- 
identification: the detection and description of potential operational risk areas (e.g. operational 
events, presence of issues, applicability of risk factors, significant risk scenarios); 
- 
assessment 
and 
measurement: 
this 
phase 
includes 
the 
activities 
aimed 
at 
the 
qualitative/quantitative determination of the Group operational risk exposure and the 
transformation of the evaluations collected (e.g. internal and external operational loss data, 
management levels of risk factors, probability and impact in case of realisation of risk scenarios) 
in synthetic risk measures; 
- 
monitoring and control: continuous management of changes in the operational risk exposure, also 
to prevent the occurrence of harmful events and to promote active risk management; 
- 
mitigation: operational risk containment through appropriate mitigation actions and suitable risk 
transfer strategies, based on a risk-driven approach; 
- 
reporting: preparation of information flows related to operational risk management, designed to

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
 
ensure adequate knowledge of the exposure to this risk. 
Although the Bank constantly supervises its own operational risks, certain unexpected events and/or events 
out of the Bank's control may occur (including those mentioned above by way of example and without 
limitation), with possible negative effects on the business and the economic and/or financial situation of 
the Bank and the Group, as well as on its reputation. 
Moreover, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Circular No. 285 has been recently amended to 
implement the EBA Guidelines on ICT and security risk management. Among the others, as of 30 June 
2023, the Bank will be requested to implement certain organizational arrangements to ensure compliance 
with the changes recently introduced to Circular No. 285. 
Therefore, to date, it is not yet clear how and to what extent such organizational arrangements may impact 
on the Bank’s operations. Failure to comply with these requirements may cause possible negative effects 
on the business and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Group, as well as on its 
reputation. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements 
for 2022, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of foreign exchange risk which are intrinsic to its business and 
are lied in foreign currency loans and deposits held by customers, purchases of securities, equity 
investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies, conversion to domestic currency of assets, 
liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries abroad, trading of foreign currencies and banknotes, 
and collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs in foreign 
currencies. Although the Bank constantly monitors its exposure to foreign currencies, any negative 
development of the foreign rates may have negative effects on activities and the economic and/or financial 
situation of the Bank and the Group. 
"Foreign exchange risk" is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange rate that 
could have a negative impact on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the financial statements and on 
earnings and capital ratios. Two types of Foreign Exchange Risk are identified: Structural and Transaction 
risk. Structural Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the 
exchange rate that could have a negative impact on the foreign exchange reserves that are part of the 
Group’s consolidated shareholders’ equity, and includes the foreign exchange risk associated with hybrid 
capital instruments. The key sources of structural foreign exchange risk are therefore the investments in 
associates and companies subject to joint control. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s management of the Structural Foreign Exchange Risk assigns the Parent 
Company the related management and coordination powers in order to achieve a consistent Group strategy. 
This choice, which is consistent with the Parent Company’s role as the liaison with the Supervisory 
Authority, allows the activities to be performed based on the specific responsibilities set out in the 
prudential supervision regulations, in addition to suitably mitigating and/or managing this type of risk. 
Transaction Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange 
rate that may have a negative impact both on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the financial 
statements and on the earnings from funding and lending transactions in currencies other than the euro.  
The main sources of this foreign exchange risk consist of:  
- 
non-euro loans and deposits held by corporate and/or retail customers; 
- 
conversion into domestic currency of assets, liabilities and income of the international branches; 
- 
trading of foreign currencies;

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
 
- 
collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative expenses in 
foreign currencies; 
- 
purchase and sale of securities and financial instruments for the purpose of resale in the short term; 
etc. 
Transaction foreign exchange risk also includes the risk related to transactions connected to operations that 
generate the type of structural foreign exchange risk represented, for example, by dividends, earnings in 
the process of being generated, and corporate events. 
1.4. 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the 
regulation on the solution of banking crises 
The Bank is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed by 
the relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). Both 
the aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous updates and 
practice developments. 
Furthermore, as a listed Bank, the Bank is required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB. 
The Bank, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the financial 
and banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and consumer 
protection. 
Although the Bank undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the rules 
and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities could 
give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Bank, with possible negative impacts on the operational 
results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. 
Regulatory framework 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the prudential rules has been amended on the grounds of the 
Directions deriving from the so called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly 
strengthen the minimum capital requirements, to restraint the leverage degree and introduce policies and 
quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation levels. 
In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal to 7% of 
the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total Capital 
ratio equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so called "capital 
conservation buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
As known, Intesa Sanpaolo, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is 
subject to direct supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB). Following the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement 
that Intesa Sanpaolo must comply with at consolidated level.  
On 15 December 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it had received the ECB’s final decision concerning 
the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, as of 1 January 2023. The overall capital requirement to 
be met in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is currently 8.93% (8.95% to be met in 2022). This is the 
result of: 
– the SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.72% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is CET1, and an additional Pillar 2 capital requirement of 1.72%, of 
which 0.97% is CET1 applying the regulatory amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 
March 2020;

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
 
– additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: (i) A Capital 
Conservation Buffer of 2.5%; (ii) an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 
0.75%; (iii) a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.21%.As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, 
inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage Ratio or LCR), aimed at creating and maintaining a 
liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank for a period of thirty days in case of serious market 
stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net Stable Funding Ratio or NSFR) with a temporal horizon 
longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a sustainable maturity structure. 
Both indicators of the Group are above the minimum limits provided by the EU Regulations. 
Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is more than safe and under constant control, some risks 
may materialize in the horizon, depending on the economic recovery. An important mitigating factor to 
these risks are the contingency management policies in place in the Group system of rules. 
With regard to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, currently, in light of the low exposure to Russian and Ukrainian 
counterparties, there were no significant impacts on the Group’s consolidated liquidity position. See: 
"Description of the Issuer – Exposure to Russia". 
Furthermore, the Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR2, transposing Basel III Accord) introduced the 
financial Leverage Ratio, which measures the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total 
exposure of the Bank Group. Such index is calculated by considering the assets and exposures out of the 
budget. The objective of the indicator is to contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance sheets of the 
banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%. On 18 June 2021, the ECB announced, 
through its decision no. ECB/2021/1074, that euro area banks it directly supervises may exclude certain bank 
exposures from the Leverage Ratio, as exceptional macroeconomic circumstances due to COVID-19 
pandemic continue. The move extends until March 2022 the Leverage Ratio relief granted in September 2020, 
which had expired on 27 June 2021. These temporary measures ceased to be applicable from 1 April 2022. 
Although the above-mentioned regulatory evolution (further described under the "Regulatory Section" 
below) envisages a gradual adaptation to the new prudential requirements, the impacts on the management 
dynamics of the Bank could be significant. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of 
the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so 
called "SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the 
Bank and the Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that 
shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, "BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, "BRRD II"), which, inter alia, 
introduced the so called "bail-in", Regulation 2019/876/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, 
which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR II") and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 
2019/878/EU, which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD V") must be taken into consideration and 
put in force by Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the BRRD, as subsequently amended, which is intended to enable 
a wide range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e., the 
sale of business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under 
the BRRD towards the Intesa Sanpaolo Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked 
to the Notes. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions 
(the "SSM Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory 
Mechanism" or "SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has conferred to the ECB, in

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
 
conjunction with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct 
supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the 
total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the 
ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most 
significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct 
assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is 
considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more 
than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its 
total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with 
each national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an 
institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Intesa 
Sanpaolo and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised 
entity and a significant supervised group within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the 
European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between the European Central Bank and each national competent authority and 
with national designated authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct 
prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and 
the SSM Framework Regulation. 
Moreover, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority to introduce a systemic risk 
buffer and borrower based measures has recently been introduced, with the thirty-eight update,  into the 
Circular No 285 (as defined below) and there is uncertainty as to how (and if) the Italian regulator would 
exercise such authority. Therefore, it is not yet clear what impact these regulatory changes will have on 
Group’s operations. Finally, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant reform of the CRD IV 
Package (i.e the European Banking Reform Package as defined below) proposed by the European 
Commission is being defined by the European Commission and there is uncertainty as to adoption and 
implementation, and it is not yet clear how and to what extent this legislative proposal may impact the 
Group’s operations. 
For further details, please see the "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
1.5. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the 
applied accounting principles 
The Bank is exposed, as well as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects deriving 
from both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the existing ones, in 
particular with respect to the international IAS/IFRS accounting principles, as approved and adopted 
within the European legal system. On the date of first implementation of the IFRS 9 principle (31 March 
2018), the main impacts for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the application of the new impairment 
accounting model (based on the "expected loss" concept instead of the "incurred loss" approach, which 
was previously envisaged by IAS 39), which has led to an increase of the value adjustments. The first 
implementation of the IFRS 16 principle, on 31 March 2019, caused an impact on the CET 1, equal to -8 
base points. 
It is important to highlight that a particular attention should be given towards other interventions on the 
accounting regulations, particularly the international principle IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments", which 
replaced the IAS 39 as per the classification and measurement of the financial instruments. Such principle, 
which has been approved by means of Regulation (EU) 2067/2016, entered into force on 1 January 2018. 
For an in depth analysis of the IFRS 9, the relevant implementation project and the effects of its first 
application (FTA) we refer to the chapter on "The transition to the international accounting principle IFRS 
9" included in the balance sheet as of 31 December 2018.

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
 
Also with reference to the application of the IFRS 9, we observe that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as mainly 
a banking financial conglomerate, had decided to avail itself of the option of application of the so called 
"Deferral Approach" (or Temporary Exemption), by virtue of which the financial assets and liabilities of 
the insurance subsidiary Companies continued to be registered on the balance sheet under the provisions of 
IAS 39, awaiting the entry into force of the new international accounting principle on insurance agreements 
(IFRS 17), which was scheduled for 2023.  
In particular, IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”, endorsed by Regulation (EU) No. 2036/2021 of 19 November 
2021 entered into force starting from 1st January 2023.  
In this context, from 1 January 2023, the insurance subsidiary Companies are required to apply IFRS 9 and 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts together for the first time. The implementation of IFRS 9 by the companies 
follows the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s choices in defining its accounting policies in order to ensure the correct 
and uniform application of the new standard. 
IFRS 17 envisages the introduction of new balance sheet aggregates and different ways of recognising the 
profitability of insurance products in the financial statements. The main impacts deriving from the first 
application of IFRS 17 (and IFRS 9 for insurance companies) are attributable to the impact of the different 
measurement criteria for insurance liabilities pursuant to IFRS 17, in place of the previous criterion set out 
by IFRS 4, and to to the derecognition of the Value of Business Acquired (VoBA) recognised pursuant to 
IFRS 3 upon Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) following business combinations. The impact calculated for 
regulatory purposes takes into account the fact that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as a “financial 
conglomerate”, has been authorised to apply the “Danish Compromise”, which allows for the 370% 
weighting of significant investments in insurance subsidiaries instead of their deduction from CET1.  
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle please refer to the specific information included 
in the chapter "Notes to the consolidated financial statements – Part A – Accounting policies” of the annual 
report as at 31 December 2022. 
2. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus 
to be offered and/or admitted to trading. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1) 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes; 
2) 
Risks related to the structure of particular issue of Notes; 
3) 
Risks related to the Notes generally; 
4) 
Risks related to the market generally; and 
5) 
Risks related to the offer to the public 
2.1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors  
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to the Base Prospectus and all the information 
contained in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact that the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments, but as a way to reduce risk or enhance 
yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, 
the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor's overall investment portfolio. Prospective purchasers of Notes bearing Structured Rate Interest 
should be experienced with respect to options and option transactions, should understand the risks of 
transactions involving the relevant Notes and should reach an investment decision only after careful 
consideration, with their advisers, of the suitability of such Notes in light of their particular financial 
circumstances, the information set forth herein and the information regarding the relevant Notes and the 
particular underlying(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Finally, it should be noted that the repayment of the nominal amount at maturity does not protect investors 
from inflation risk and it does not guarantee that the purchasing value of the invested amount will not be 
affected by the increase of the general level of prices of consumer products. Consequentially, the effective 
return on the Notes, i.e. the inflation-adjusted return measured over the life of the Notes, could be negative. 
Regulatory restrictions with regard to certain types of Notes 
The BRRD II and the SRMR II have detailed the scope of liabilities that are intended to be eligible for the 
purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”). In particular, 
according to Article 45b para. 2 of the BRRD II and Article 12c par. 2 of the SRMR II, certain types of 
Notes may be considered as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined 
below). 
As a consequence, in relation to Notes that may be considered as eligible liabilities according to such 
Articles, all the provisions concerning the eligible liabilities set out in the BRRD II, in the SRMR II and in 
the CRR II should be deemed applicable for the Notes which satisfy the conditions set out the in the MREL 
Requirements.  
Notes intended to be eligible are subject to certain restrictions. In particular, the respective Noteholders are 
not entitled to set off claims arising from such Notes against any of the Issuer’s claims. No security of

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
 
whatever kind and no guarantee is, or shall at any time be, provided by the Issuer or other entities related 
to the Issuer, which enhances the seniority of the claims under these Notes. Furthermore, the early 
redemption and the repurchase of Notes that are intended to be eligible for the purposes of MREL are 
subject to specific restrictions such as the prior consent of the competent authority. Further, termination 
rights, if any, are excluded for the respective Noteholders, other than in the case of the insolvency or 
liquidation of the Issuer, under all relevant laws and regulations amended from time to time, which are and 
will be applicable to it. 
These restrictions limit the rights of the Noteholders and might expose them to the risk that their investment 
will have a lower potential return than expected. 
In addition, the BRRD II, the SRMR II and the CRR II have been recently adopted and there is uncertainty 
as to their implementation and interpretation in the relevant Member States. 
2.2. 
Risks related to the structure of particular issue of Notes 
General consideration in respect of Structured Rate Interest  
An investment in Notes which bear interest determined by reference to one or more values of shares, 
indices, commodities, futures contracts, exchange rates, inflation rates, interest rates, funds, swap rates and 
Baskets composed of the aforementioned financial reference assets, either directly or inversely (Structured 
Rate Interest), may entail the risk that the resulting interest rate or interest amount will be less than that 
payable on a conventional debt security at the same time. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(b) 
movements in the underlying asset may adversely affect the amount of interest to be paid to the 
Noteholder and may also affect the market value of the Notes; 
(c) 
they may receive no interest. 
A number of these Notes may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out 
below is a description of the most common features. In particular: 
(i) 
Certain considerations associated with Interest linked to Inflation Rates 
The Issuer may issue Structured Notes bearing Structured Rate Interest linked to the performance of 
one or more rates of inflation. A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure 
of inflation to which the Structured Rate Interest is linked may be subject to significant and 
unforeseeable fluctuations that may not correlate with general changes in interest rates, currencies or 
other indices. The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to 
a measure of inflation to which the Structured Rate Interest is linked may affect the amount that 
investors in Structured Notes receive, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the 
Structured Rate Interest is linked is only one measure of inflation for the relevant jurisdiction and may 
not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced by holders of the relevant Structured 
Notes in such jurisdiction. 
(ii) 
Certain considerations associated with Interest linked to Interest Rates  
An investment in Structured Notes bearing Structured Rate Interest linked to interest rates may not 
provide the same level of return as a direct investment in the underlying interest rate.

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
 
An investment in Structured Notes bearing Structured Rate Interest linked to interest rates may bear 
similar market risks to a direct interest rate investment and potential investors should take advice 
accordingly. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the underlying 
interest rate, they may receive no or a limited amount of interest. In addition, movements in interest 
rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in other indices 
and the timing of changes in the interest rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in interest rates, 
the greater the effect on yield.  
Interest rates are determined by various factors which are influenced by macro economic, political or 
financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. In recent years, interest 
rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates may rise and/or 
become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any interest rate in the past are not necessarily 
indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Note. Fluctuations 
in interest rates will affect the value of Structured Notes. 
If the amount of interest payable is dependent upon movements in interest rates and is determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other participation factor, the 
effect of changes in the interest rates on interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Structured Notes may be volatile and, if the amount of interest payable is 
dependent upon movements in interest rates, may depend upon the volatility of interest rates. 
Movements in interest rates may be dependent upon economic, financial and political events in one 
or more jurisdictions. 
(iii) 
Certain considerations associated with Interest linked to Exchange Rates 
The Issuer may issue Structured Notes where the amount of interest payable is dependent upon 
movements in currency exchange rates. 
Changes in currency exchange rates cannot be predicted. Although historical data with respect to 
currency exchange rates may be available, the historical performance of currency exchange rates 
should not be taken as an indication of future performance. 
Potential investors in any such Structured Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the 
Structured Notes, they may receive no or a limited amount of interest. In addition, movements in 
currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual 
yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier 
the change in currency exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of interest payable is dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates and is 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other 
participation factor, the effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on interest payable will be 
magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and, if the amount of interest payable is dependent 
upon movements in currency exchange rates, may depend upon the volatility of currency exchange 
rates. Movements in currency exchange rates may be dependent upon economic, financial and political 
events in one or more jurisdictions. 
(iv) 
Certain considerations associated with Interest linked to Commodities  
The Issuer may issue Structured Notes where the amount of interest payable is dependent upon the

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
 
price or changes in the price of a commodity or basket of commodities. 
Changes in the price of a commodity or basket of commodities cannot be predicted. Although 
historical data with respect to a commodity or basket of commodities may be available, the historical 
performance of a commodity or basket of commodities should not be taken as an indication of future 
performance. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Structured 
Notes they may receive no or a limited amount of interest.  In addition, the movements in the price of 
the commodity or commodities may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of 
the commodity or the commodities may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level 
is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or prices of the 
commodities, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the commodity or 
commodities on interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the volatility of the price of the 
commodities. The price of commodities may be affected by economic, financial and political events 
in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on 
which any such commodities may be traded. 
(v) 
Certain considerations associated with Interest linked to Futures Contracts  
The yield on Structured Notes where the amount of interest payable is linked to futures contracts may 
not be perfectly correlated to the trend in the price of the futures contract underlying, as the use of 
futures contracts generally involves a rolling mechanism.  
In particular, if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as applicable, it will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms if the Calculation Agent will be entitled to determine, on the 
basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by, the Initial Reference Value or the Interim Initial Reference 
Value (in relation to the Call Interest or the Put Interest), the Mandatory Initial Reference Value or 
the Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value (in case of Mandatory Early Redemption) and/or, if 
the feature Rolling is specified as applicable, the Reference Value (other than the Mandatory Initial 
Reference Value or Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value in case of Mandatory Early 
Redemption) and/or the Interim Final Reference Value or the Final Reference Value (in relation to the 
Call Interest or the Put Interest).  
The Futures Contract N-th Near-by is the n-th futures contract that has the same features of the futures 
contract indicated as Underlying. 
Therefore, in the Final Terms will be specified:  
(i) the ordinal number of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by to be used for the determination of (x) 
the Initial Reference Value or the Interim Initial Reference Value (in relation to the Call Interest 
or the Put Interest), the Mandatory Initial Reference Value or the Mandatory Interim Initial 
Reference Value (in case of Mandatory Early Redemption) (y) and/or the Reference Value (other 
than the Mandatory Initial Reference Value or Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value in case 
of Mandatory Early Redemption) and/or the Interim Final Reference Value or the Final 
Reference Value (in relation to the Call Interest or the Put Interest); and  
(ii) if the Initial Reference Value or the Interim Initial Reference Value (in relation to the Call

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
 
Interest or the Put Interest), the Mandatory Initial Reference Value or the Mandatory Interim 
Initial Reference Value (in case of Mandatory Early Redemption) will be determined on the basis 
of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by. In such case, the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will be 
the n-th futures contract that has an expiration date which is the closest (but beyond) to the Initial 
Observation Date or Interim Initial Observation Date(s) (in relation to the Call Interest Notes or 
the Put Interest Notes), the Mandatory Initial Observation Date or Mandatory Interim Initial 
Observation Date(s) (in case of Mandatory Early Redemption); and/or  
(iii) if the feature Rolling is applicable. In such case, the Reference Value (other than the Mandatory 
Initial Reference Value or Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value in case of Mandatory Early 
Redemption) and/or the Interim Final Reference Value or the Final Reference Value (in relation 
to the Call Interest or the Put Interest) will be determined on the basis of the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by that will have an expiration date which is the closest (but beyond) to any observation 
date/period during the lifetime of the Notes and/or to the Interim Final Observation Date(s) or to 
the Final Observation Date (in relation to the Call Interest or the Put Interest). 
This means that any futures contracts which expire prior to the relevant payment date under the 
applicable Structured Notes are replaced with futures contracts that have a later expiry date. Investors 
may, therefore, only marginally benefit from any rise or fall in the price of the futures contract 
underlying. 
(vi) 
Certain considerations associated with Interest linked to Funds 
The Issuer may issue Structured Notes where the amount of interest payable is dependent upon the 
price or changes in the price of units or shares in a fund or funds. 
Changes in the price of units or shares in a fund or funds cannot be predicted. Although historical data 
with respect to the units or shares in a fund or funds may be available, the historical performance of 
the units or shares in a fund or funds should not be taken as an indication of future performance. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Structured 
Notes they may receive no or a limited amount of interest. In addition, the movements in the price of 
units or shares in the fund or funds may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant 
price of the units or shares in the fund or funds may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or 
prices of the units or shares in the fund or funds, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the units or shares of the 
fund or funds on interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the volatility of the price of units 
or shares in the fund or funds. The price of units or shares in a fund may be affected by the economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) 
or quotation system(s) on which any units in the fund or funds may be traded. 
(vii) 
Certain considerations associated with Interest linked to Shares 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of interest payable is dependent upon the price of or 
changes in the price of equity securities or a basket of equity securities. 
Changes in the price of equity securities or a basket of equity securities cannot be predicted.  Although 
historical data with respect to the equity securities or a basket of equity securities may be available,

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
 
the historical performance of the equity securities or a basket of equity securities should not be taken 
as an indication of future performance. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Structured 
Notes they may receive no or a limited amount of interest.  In addition, the movements in the price of 
the equity security or basket of equity securities may be subject to significant fluctuations that may 
not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in 
the relevant price of the equity security or equity securities may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the 
price of the equity security or equity securities, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the equity security or 
equity securities on interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Structured Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the volatility of the 
equity security or equity securities, the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results and prospects 
of the issuer or issuers of the relevant equity security or equity securities as well as economic, financial 
and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or 
quotation system(s) on which any such securities may be traded. 
(viii) 
Certain considerations associated with Interest linked to Indices 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of interest payable is dependent upon the level of an 
index or indices. 
Changes in the value of the index or indices cannot be predicted.  Although historical data with respect 
to the index or indices may be available, the historical performance of the index or indices should not 
be taken as an indication of future performance. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Structured 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, and (ii) the market price of such Notes 
may be volatile.  In addition, the movements in the level of the index or indices may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices 
and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the actual yield to 
investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the 
change in the level of an index or result of a formula, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index or the indices 
on interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the level of the index or indices.  
The level of the index or indices may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any 
securities comprising the index or indices may be traded. 
Structured Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the sponsor of the 
relevant Index(ices) (the Sponsor) and the Sponsor(s) make(s) no warranty or representation 
whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index(ices) 
and/or the figure at which the Index(ices) stands at any particular time on any particular day or 
otherwise.  The Sponsor(s) shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for 
any error in the Index(ices) and the Sponsor(s) shall not be under any obligation to advise any person 
of an error therein. 
(ix) 
Certain considerations associated with Interest linked to a Basket

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
 
Where the Notes are linked to a Basket, investors will be exposed to the value of the Baskets and will 
bear risk in relation to the level or price of each of the financial asset (each, a Basket Constituent) in 
the Baskets. 
Investors should be aware that, even in the case of a positive performance of one or more of the Basket 
Constituents in the Basket, the value of the Basket as a whole may be negative if the performance of 
any or all of the other Basket Constituents in the Basket is negative to a greater extent. 
Investors should also be aware that the value of a Basket that includes fewer Basket Constituents will 
generally be affected to a greater extent by changes in the level or price of any particular Basket 
Constituent included in the Basket than a Basket that includes a greater number of Basket Constituents. 
Where the Basket Constituents in a Basket are subject to weighting, the performance of a Basket 
Constituent with a greater weighting in the Basket will generally have a greater effect on the 
performance of the Basket than a Basket Constituent with a lesser weighting in the Basket. 
(x) 
Risks related to Disruption Events 
Structured Notes may be subject to risks related to additional disruption events, market disruption 
events, disrupted days and other events that have a material effect on the Notes, if applicable (each as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms, the Disruption Events). 
The occurrence of any Disruption Event may result in the postponement of the relevant observation 
date relating to any Underlying or affected Basket Constituent, the postponement of the relevant 
payment date for interest or redemption of the Notes by the Issuer.  
Investors should be aware that the Calculation Agent has a large amount of discretion upon the 
occurrence of any Disruption Event. The Calculation Agent or the entity responsible for the 
calculation and publication of the value of the relevant Underlying, as the case may be, may make 
adjustments to the Conditions as it considers appropriate and may determine the fair market value of 
the relevant Underlying or good faith estimate of the level of the Index, as applicable, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Any postponement of the observation date or payment date or any amendment to the Conditions may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. The occurrences of any such event may also adversely 
affect the investors' investment schedule, timetable or plans in relation to which the payment dates of 
the Notes are connected.  
An investor in the Notes should ensure he fully understands the nature of the Disruption Events and 
the possible consequences and fallbacks that could impact the Notes or any relevant Underlying. 
(xi) 
Features relating to the method of calculation of Structured Rate Interest 
Since Structured Rate Interest Amounts are linked to the performance of underlying asset(s), then 
certain features of such Notes may determine amounts due thereunder. Investors must ensure that they 
read the terms and conditions of such Notes to fully understand the risks thereof. 
For instance, and without prejudice to further features or options disclosed in the terms and conditions 
of the Notes, one or more of the following features or options may be applicable: 
Best Of Option: (i) where there is a single Underlying or Basket, the method by which the Calculation 
Agent selects the Best Of value, being the first, the second or the third and so forth (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) best performance of such Underlying or Basket among those determined for 
two or more periods specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) where there are two or more

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
 
Underlyings, or two or more Baskets, the method by which the Calculation Agent selects the Best Of 
Underlying or Basket, as the case may be, being the Underlying or Basket with the first, the second 
or the third and so forth (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) best performance compared with 
the other Underlyings or Baskets, as the case may be;  
Cliquet Option: the method of calculation of the performance of the Underlying which is based on a 
series of forward start options. Each option enters into force on the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Call /Put Strike of each forward start option is reset when the option enters into 
force; 
Himalaya Option: the method of calculation of the performance of a Basket based on a selection 
process in accordance with which, in each Himalaya Valuation Period, the Basket Constituent having 
the best Performance will be selected and removed from the Basket for each subsequent Himalaya 
Valuation Period(s) relating to the same Call/Put Interest Payment Date (but shall not be removed in 
respect of subsequent Call/Put Interest Payment Dates). Therefore, once the Basket Constituent has 
been selected in relation to a Himalaya Valuation Period, it will not be taken into account for the 
following Himalaya Valuation Period(s) relating to the same Call/Put Interest Payment Date. On each 
such subsequent Himalaya Valuation Period, other best performing Basket Constituents will be 
selected and removed from the Basket for each subsequent Himalaya Valuation Period(s) relating to 
the same Call/Put Interest Payment Date.  As a result, for the purposes of the calculation of the Call/Put 
Performance, the Calculation Agent will consider the arithmetic mean of the performance of the 
Basket Constituents having the best Performances in the relevant Himalaya Valuation Periods 
according to the selection process described above; 
Knock-in Event: the event specified in the applicable Final Terms that has to occur on a Knock-in 
Observation Date or at any time during the Knock-in Observation Period (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the applicability of the Call/Put Option. 
Knock-out Event: the event specified in the applicable Final Terms that has to occur on a Knock-in 
Observation Date or at any time during the Knock-in Observation Period (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the non-applicability of the Call/Put Option. 
Rainbow Option: a method for calculating the relevant Interest Amount when the Underlying is 
constituted by a Basket. Pursuant to such method of calculation, the Issuer will specify in the 
applicable Final Terms the weightings (expressed as percentages) potentially applicable to the Basket 
Constituents in the Basket and then such weightings will be assigned to each Basket Constituent on 
the basis of such Basket Constituent's performance compared to the performances of the other Basket 
Constituents.  
Spread Option: is an option that provides exposure to the difference between the values or the 
performance of two Underlyings multiplied by the Participation Factor; 
Worst Of Option: (i) where there is a single Underlying or Basket, the method by which the 
Calculation Agent selects the Worst Of value, being the first, the second or the third and so forth (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) worst performance of such Underlying or Basket among those 
determined for two or more periods specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) where there are 
two or more Underlyings, or two or more Baskets, the method by which the Calculation Agent selects 
the Worst Of Underlying or Basket being the Underlying or Basket with the first, the second or the 
third and so forth (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) worst performance compared with the 
other Underlyings or Baskets, as the case may be. 
(xii) 
Occurrence of events/conditions  
Whether an event or a condition has occurred or not may be determined by reference (a) to one or 
more Underlying(s) and, in the case of each such Underlying, whether it is lower than, lower than or 
equal to, higher than, higher than or equal to or within specified values or levels; (b) to specified dates

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
 
only or during a period; and/or (c) to the performance of such Underlying(s), or by reference to the 
level/price/value of the relevant Underlying(s) continuously observed of the relevant Underlying or 
determined on a specified date. 
Risks related to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Notes that include an option for the Issuer to switch the 
method for the calculation of interest 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes relating to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the interest rates payable on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing interest rates payable on its Notes. 
Moreover, Notes may bear Interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert, for example, from a 
structured rate to a floating rate, or from a structured rate to a fixed rate and so forth.  
The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost 
of borrowing 
The rate of Fixed Reset Rate Interest will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Notes bearing Fixed Reset Rate Interest and could affect the market 
value of Notes bearing Fixed Reset Rate Interest  
Notes bearing Fixed Reset Rate Interest will initially earn interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but 
excluding) the first Reset Date. On the first Reset Date, however, and on each Reset Date (if any) thereafter, 
the interest rate will be reset to a different fixed rate of interest per annum (each such interest rate, a Reset 
Rate of Interest). The Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than Initial Rate of Interest 
or the Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Notes bearing Fixed Reset Rate Interest. 
Risks relating to Dual Currency Notes 
The Issuer may issue Dual Currency Interest Notes and/or Dual Currency Redemption Notes (together, 
Dual Currency Notes) where the interest and/or principal is payable in one or more currencies which may 
be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. An investment in Dual Currency Notes 
will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional debt security.  
Currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to 
investors. In particular, in the case of negative fluctuations of the relevant exchange rates, the potential 
investor may be exposed to a partial loss of the capital invested.  
If any FX Market Disruption Event occurs or exists Noteholders should be aware that the Issuer may either 
direct the Calculation Agent (i) to make such consequential adjustments to the Notes (including any 
payment obligations or the currency of payment) as it determines and/or (ii) to determine any Reference 
Exchange Rate or to substitute any affected Reference Exchange Rate with a substitute Reference Exchange 
Rate. 
In addition, investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the exercise, redemption or sale of Dual 
Currency Notes into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates between their

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
 
home currency and the Payment Currency (as defined below) of the Notes. Currency values may be affected 
by complex political and economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a 
currency/currencies, regardless of other market forces. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
“benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussion and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done 
in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes 
or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmark Regulation") applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the administration of a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark in the EU. The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and 
such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect 
of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central announced that 
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk -free overnight 
rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free 
rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The 
€STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how 
long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an 
alternative benchmark. 
The Benchmark Regulation allows an EU supervised entity to use a third country benchmark until 31 
December 2021. The Regulation (EU) 2021/168, amending Article 51(5) of Benchmark Regulation, 
extended this transitional period until the 31 December 2023 subject to certain conditions. The European 
Commission may further extend this period until 31 December 2025 in a delegated act to be adopted by the 
second quarter of 2023.  
For the implementation of Regulation (EU) 2021/168, implementing powers have been conferred on 
European Commission to designate a replacement for a benchmark to replace all references to that

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
 
benchmark in contracts.  
That mechanism empowers the European Commission after (i) the occurrence of a trigger event prescribed 
in Article 23b of Benchmark Regulation; (ii) conducting a public consultation; (iii) taking into account 
official recommendations made by relevant central banks, certain authoritative alternative reference rate 
working groups, the competent authority of the administrator of any benchmark to be replaced and ESMA, 
to designate a replacement to replace a (a) benchmark designated as critical under the Benchmark 
Regulation; (b) third country benchmark the cessation or wind-down of which would significantly disrupt 
the functioning of EU financial markets or pose a systemic risk to the EU’s financial system. The 
replacement for a benchmark shall replace all references to that benchmark in contracts and financial 
instruments as referred to in Article 23a of Benchmark Regulation where those contracts and financial 
instruments contain: (a) no fallback provision; or (b) no suitable fallback provisions.  
In the case of a benchmark designated as critical under the Benchmark Regulation, the national competent 
authority of an EU Member State in which the majority of the contributors to that benchmark are based also 
has the power to designate a Replacement Rate in certain prescribed circumstances. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred and a Substitute Rate is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 3 (d)(ii)(F) (Benchmark replacement) and, 
if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. Please refer to General Definitions of the Terms and Conditions for 
the full definition of a Benchmark Event.  
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot 
select the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, 
provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply. In certain 
circumstances, including but not limited to where the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page, (or where (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) amendments to the terms of the Notes in accordance with Condition 3 (d)(ii)(F) (Benchmark 
replacement) would cause the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), the ultimate fallback for the 
purposes of a calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the reference rate for the 
determination of the rate of interest of such period equal to the last value published on the Relevant Screen 
Page to be used for the determination of the Reference Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the relevant Margin (if any). This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Notes 
initially designated to be Floating Rate Notes.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference 
Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
In relation to Notes for which SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, if the 
Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders, all as described and as such terms are defined in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C).

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
 
The use of a Substitute Rate or a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest 
payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments 
that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. 
Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the Independent 
Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with 
a conflict of interest. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate 
or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment 
Spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations and licensing issues in 
making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates  
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as reference rates for Eurobonds - continues to develop. 
This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates 
and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR or the SOFR Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or any related indices. Furthermore, in relation to the compounded indices, 
it is unpredictable for the Issuer to prevent possible different interpretation of the Benchmark Regulation 
in respect of the method of calculation or to the qualification of such indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from the LIBOR and other interbank offered rates in a number of material 
respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a 
compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, 
whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are 
unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that 
risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the 
Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and 
therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR 
began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions, or are otherwise redeemed 
early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such 
Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the reference rate for a series of Notes bearing Floating Rate 
Interest may also be determined by reference to a risk free rate other than SONIA or SOFR, such as, without 
limitation, the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR), the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON) or the Tokyo 
Overnight Average Rate (TONAR). The market also continues to develop in relation to such risk free rates 
and similar considerations as those described above in relation to SONIA and SOFR may apply to the use 
of any other risk free rate as the reference rate for any series of Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or any related indices may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, SOFR, or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve or Bank of New York (or their successors) as administrators of 
SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index), respectively, 
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or 
indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
 
SONIA or SOFR or any related indices. In addition, the relevant administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR or any related index (in which case a fallback 
method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The relevant administrator has no 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing any such risk- free rate. 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" "Sustainability Bonds" or "Climate Bonds" 
may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or 
sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described as 
"green bonds" ("Green Bonds") or "climate bonds" ("Climate Bonds")  or "social bonds" ("Social Bonds") 
or "sustainability bonds" ("Sustainability Bonds"), in accordance with the principles set out by the 
International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the 
Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")) or in accordance with 
the Climate Bonds Standard set out by the Climate Bonds Initiative. 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the Offer, 
estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for themselves 
the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other 
investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of 
their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Manager that the use of 
such proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or combination of any green and social 
project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
(including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation")) and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives (the "EU Taxonomy 
Regulation Delegated Acts") approved in principle by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally 
adopted on 4 June 2021 (the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, 
jointly, the ("EU Taxonomy Framework"))  or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Projects, Eligible 
Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects). On 9 December 2021, a first delegated act on sustainable 
activities for climate change mitigation and adaptation objectives of the EU Taxonomy ("Climate 
Delegated Act") was published in the Official Journal and is applicable from 1 January 2022. With respect 
to the remaining environmental objectives, a second delegated act is expected to be published in 2023. On 
6 July 2021 the European Commission adopted the delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation which was then published in the Official Journal on 10 December 2021 and is 
applicable since January 2022. This delegated act specifies the content, methodology and presentation of 
information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion of 
environmentally sustainable economic activities in their business, investments or lending activities. On 9 
March 2022, the European Commission adopted a complementary climate delegated act including, under 
strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the 
EU taxonomy. It was published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and will apply as of January 2023. 
The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line with EU climate and environmental 
objectives and will help accelerate the shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, including coal, towards a 
climate-neutral future.  
On 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published its final report 
on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond Standard”). In the context of the

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
 
public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European Commission launched a 
targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the 
work of the Commission Technical Expert Group and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 
October 2020, the European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which 
expressed the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 
2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard 
setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made in 
compliance with the EU Taxonomy (as defined below); (ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green 
bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) 
registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subject to its supervision. The Notes issued, as Green 
Bonds, under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the 
designation of “European Green Bond” or “EuGB” nor is the Issuer under any obligation to take steps to 
have any such green bonds become eligible for such designation. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a 
“sustainable” project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
"green" or "social" or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is 
nevertheless subject to further developments. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that 
any green or social project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied will 
meet the investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" performance objectives (including those 
set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or social or combination of any green and 
social project. The Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and 
change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and 
any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. A withdrawal of 
the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may affect the value of such Green Bonds, 
Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds, 
Sustainability Bonds or Climate Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability 
consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or low carbon and/or 
social and/or combination of any green and social project, as the case may be have been defined in 
accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and combination of any green and 
social projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the 
suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social 
projects (any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward 
an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability 
Bonds or Climate Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Climate Bonds and would only be 
current as of the date it is released. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second 
Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party 
Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. A withdrawal of the 
Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or 
Climate Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
green or social or sustainable assets. No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
 
of any Second-party Opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue 
of Notes issued as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds", "Sustainability Bonds" or "Climate Bonds". For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such Second-party Opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus. Any such Second-party Opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Manager or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was 
issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of any such Second-party Opinion and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second-party Opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation 
or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Manager or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies 
any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to 
comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or 
made by the Issuer, the Manager or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, Green 
Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Climate Bonds, in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable 
Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and 
social projects (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent 
reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially 
in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the 
relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds Sustainability Bonds or Climate Bonds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, social or 
combination of any green and social projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or that the originally designated 
green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and social project (or any project(s) resulting from 
any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be disqualified as such. Any such event or failure by the 
Issuer (including any failure to comply with their reporting obligations or to obtain any assessment, opinion 
or certification, including the Second-party Opinion in relation to Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) and any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, social or 
sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Notes may have been applied and the relevant Notes 
will not: (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default 
under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor 
for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any 
Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as eligible liabilities instruments (if applicable) or impact 
any of the features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, 
permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments; (v) have any impact on the status of the Notes 
as indicated in Condition 2; or (vi) prevent the applicability of the Italian Bail-In Power (or any other 
provision of the applicable banking regulations).  
The performance of any Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not linked 
to the performance of the relevant Eligible Projects or the performance of the Issuers in respect of any 
environmental or similar targets. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, 
Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be 
segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments due and the operation of any other

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
 
features (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right 
against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. 
Regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, Green Bonds, Climate 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of 
CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for eligible liabilities instruments (including the 
application of mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is initiated 
in respect of the Group (including the Issuer). The fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, 
Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does not provide their holders with any priority 
compared to other Notes. 
Any event described above or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social 
or combination of any green and social projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Any failure by the Issuer to comply with their 
reporting obligations in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Climate Bonds as 
applicable, will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
Participation factors, Maximum Rates, Minimum Rates applied to the calculation of Interest  
The determination of amounts due under the Notes may be subject, inter alia, to one or a combination of 
the following features, where applicable: 
- a Minimum Rate and/or a Maximum Rate; 
- a Participation Factor; 
- the addition or subtraction of a Margin; 
- a Global Cap or a Global Floor. 
The application of such features may result in the calculation being subject to a minimum and/or maximum 
amount or otherwise increasing or decreasing the amount that would otherwise have been calculated had 
no such feature(s) been applicable. 
In relation to the Structured Rate Notes, the relevant calculation will not be made only by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s). For instance movements in the value of the relevant Underlying 
will be magnified where a participation factor applies and may therefore result in greater gains or losses 
than if no participation rate applied. 
Mandatory Early Redemption  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then such Final 
Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Event" and, following the occurrence 
of a Mandatory Early Redemption Event, the Notes will be redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Payment Date and the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms will become payable and no further amount shall be payable in respect of such 
Notes. In this case, investors are subject to a reinvestment risk, as they may not be able to replace their 
investment in such Notes with an investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant 
Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
 
If any Notes are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount received by the relevant holders 
will be limited to the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount irrespective of the price of the relevant 
Underlying(s) or any other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, investors will 
not benefit from any movement in the price of relevant Underlying(s) that may occur during the period 
between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
To the extent a Maximum Rate of Interest applies, investors should be aware that the Interest Rate is capped 
at such Maximum Rate of Interest level. Consequently, investors may not participate in any increase of 
market interest rates, which may also negatively affect the market value of the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
An optional redemption feature of Notes (Issuer Call) is likely to limit their market value.  During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
In respect of Notes which are conventional debt securities, the Issuer may be expected to redeem such Notes 
when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally 
would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate 
on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In relation to Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the exercise of the 
Issuer Call may be subject to particular restrictions prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the 
relevant time, as described in Risk Factor “Early redemption and repurchase of the Notes which qualify as 
MREL eligible liabilities may be restricted” below. 
Risk related to the early exercise of the Notes following a MREL Disqualification Event  
If the Notes qualified as MREL eligible liabilities at the time of the issuance and subsequently become 
ineligible due to a change in MREL Requirements, then a MREL Disqualification Event will occur.  
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of such Notes, the 
Issuer in its discretion may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of such Series. If the Issuer should 
redeem such Notes, the Noteholders will receive an amount which shall be equal to the nominal amount, 
together with any outstanding interest, of the Notes. Such Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject 
to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed 
by the MREL Requirements at the relevant time. See "Early redemption and repurchase of the Notes which 
qualify as MREL eligible liabilities may be restricted" below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a 
change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
 
of Notes initially specified as MREL eligible liabilities, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of such Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements. 
In such case the Noteholders may be exposed to the risk that, due to the early redemption, their investment 
may have a lower than expected potential return and that it may not be possible to reinvest the amount 
received at the same conditions applied to the initial investment made in the Notes. In addition, a MREL 
Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Notes which qualify as MREL eligible liabilities may be 
restricted 
Any early redemption or repurchase of Notes intended to qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
Requirements, is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption 
or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the relevant time, including any 
requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Notes at such time as eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
The new regulatory framework, set out in Articles 77 and 78a of CRR II, provides that the relevant 
resolution authority shall grant permission to call, redeem, repay or repurchase liabilities that are eligible 
to meet the MREL Requirements (eligible liabilities instruments), prior their contractual maturity.  
In particular, according to such provisions the relevant resolution authority would approve an early 
redemption of the eligible liabilities in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the applicable MREL 
Requirements by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the applicable MREL Requirements 
actions for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under 
the applicable laws and regulations, as adopted by the the Republic of Italy. 
The BRRD II, the SRMR II and CRR II have been recently adopted and there are still some provisions 
related to Article 78a CRR II that need to be specified in Regulatory Technical Standards ("RTS") to be 
adopted by the European Banking Authority ("EBA"). The RTS require the EBA to develop the procedure 
— in terms of coordination between competent and resolution authorities, timelines and information — for 
relevant resolution authorities to follow to provide prior permission to banks to replace or reduce eligible 
liabilities instruments. Moreover, the new regulatory framework has been recently adopted and leaves 
uncertainty as to its interpretation in the relevant Member States.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
 
Risks related to Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements 
which may be subject to modification without the Noteholders’ consent  
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Notes 
qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements and/or (ii) in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in 
Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent 
required from, the competent authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Notes of that Series), at any time vary the 
terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Notes (as defined below), 
provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied notes. 
Qualifying Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Notes 
qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements. However, no assurance 
can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholders. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied securities could be different for some 
categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the securities prior 
to such variation. 
Risks related to Instalment Notes 
The Notes will be redeemed through instalments, under a periodical amortisation plan, and this could have 
a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes.  
The Noteholders should take into account that the interest amount on such Notes will be lower than on 
equivalent Notes that are not redeemed with an amortisation plan, since the interest is calculated on the 
amount of principal not yet redeemed. 
Investment in Instalment Notes involves the risk that the Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the sums 
received before the maturity of the Notes at a yield at least equal to the initial yield, depending on various 
market conditions.  
2.3. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent 
of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification (subject to certain specific exceptions) of the Notes or the 
Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) any 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of 
law. 
The Issuer (or any previously substituted company from time to time) shall, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, be entitled at any time to substitute for the Issuer any other company as principal debtor in

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
 
relation to any Series of Notes subject to certain conditions precedent being satisfied.  In addition, the Issuer 
shall have the right to change the branch through which it is acting for the purposes of any Series of Notes.  
Upon any such substitution of Issuer or branch, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be amended in 
all consequential respects. 
Euro-system Eligibility 
The European Central Bank maintains and publishes a list of assets which are recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary and intra-day credit operations. In certain circumstances, recognition 
may impact on (among other things) the liquidity of the relevant assets. Recognition (and inclusion on the 
list) is at the discretion of the Eurosystem and is dependent upon satisfaction of certain Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria and rules. If application is made for any Notes to be recognised and added to the list of 
eligible assets, there can be no assurance that such Notes will be so recognised, or, if they are recognised, 
that they will continue to be recognised at all times during their life. 
Calculation Agent's Discretion and Conflicts of Interest 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations in 
respect of the Notes, and certain adjustments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which could affect 
amounts of interest and/or principal payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes will specify the circumstances in which the Calculation Agent will be able to make 
such determinations and adjustments. In exercising its right to make such determinations and adjustments 
the Calculation Agent is entitled to act in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to 
certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may 
influence amounts of interest and/or principal payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
The Issuer may at the date hereof or at any time hereafter, be in possession of information in relation to an 
underlying asset that is or may be material in the context of the Notes and may or may not be publicly 
available to Noteholders. There is no obligation on the Issuer or, if relevant, any Manager to disclose to 
Noteholders any such information. 
The Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with any underlying 
asset (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and banking 
relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect 
their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Noteholder. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes 
are transferred and/or any asset(s) are delivered or in other jurisdictions. 
In addition, it is not possible to predict whether the taxation regime applicable to Notes on the date of 
purchase or subscription will be amended during the term of the Notes.  If such amendments are made, the 
taxation regime applicable to the Notes may differ substantially from the taxation regime in existence on 
the date of purchase or subscription of the Notes. 
For further information on the taxation regime applicable to Notes see Condition 8 and the section entitled 
"Taxation" in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
who hold Notes through interests in the Global Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(see "Form of the Notes"). Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not 
be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global 
Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union 
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom (the UK) held a referendum on the UK’s membership of the EU. 
The result of the referendum’s vote was to leave the EU and the UK Government invoked article 50 of the 
Lisbon Treaty. On 24 January 2020, it was announced that the government of the UK and the EU had 
executed and entered into to a withdrawal agreement (the "Withdrawal Agreement"). On 29 January 2020, 
the European Parliament voted to consent to the Withdrawal Agreement, and on 30 January 2020, the 
European Council (the “EU Council”) adopted, by written procedure, the decision on the conclusion of the 
Withdrawal Agreement on behalf of the EU. On 31 January 2020, upon the UK’s exit from the EU, the 
Withdrawal Agreement entered into force. A transition period begins following the date of the UK’s

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
 
withdrawal until 31 December 2020 (the "Transition Period"). During the Transition Period, the UK was 
bound by EU rules despite not being its member state and remained in the single market area, while the 
future terms of the UK's relationship with the EU were being negotiated. 
On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK reached an agreement on the Trade and Cooperation Agreement 
(the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), which sets out the principles of the relationship between the 
EU and the UK following the end of the Transition Period. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was 
signed on 30 December 2020. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement has provisional application until the 
EU and UK complete their ratification procedures. On 29 April 2021, the EU Council ratified the Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework 
to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the 
EU into the UK. Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement, the application of the Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement by the EU and the UK and the implementation by the UK of retained EU law, 
there remain significant uncertainties with regard to the political and economic outlook of the UK and the 
EU. 
There are a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK and its relationship with 
the European Union and the negotiation of the UK's exit terms and related matters may take several years. 
Given this uncertainty and the range of possible outcomes, it is not currently possible to determine the 
impact that the referendum, the UK's departure from the EU and/or any related matters may have on general 
economic conditions in the UK and the EU. It is also not possible to determine the impact that these matters 
will have on the Issuer or any other party to the transaction documents, or on the regulatory position of any 
such entity or of the transactions contemplated by the transaction documents under EU regulation or more 
generally. 
Risks relating to holding CREST Depository Interests 
CREST Depository Interests are separate legal obligations distinct from the Notes and holders of CREST 
Depository Interests will be subject to provisions outside the Notes 
Holders of CDIs (CDI Holders) will hold or have an interest in a separate legal instrument and will not be 
holders of the Notes in respect of which the CDIs are issued (the Underlying Notes). The rights of CDI 
Holders to the Notes are represented by the relevant entitlements against the CREST Depository (as defined 
herein) which (through the CREST Nominee (as defined herein)) holds interests in the Notes. 
Accordingly, rights under the Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly 
through the intermediary depositaries and custodians. The enforcement of rights under the Notes will be 
subject to the local law of the relevant intermediaries. This could result in an elimination or reduction in 
the payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the Notes in the event of any insolvency 
or liquidation of any of the relevant intermediaries, in particular where the Notes held in clearing systems 
are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on 
behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries. 
For further information on the issue and holding of CDIs see the section entitled "Clearing and Settlement" 
in this Base Prospectus. 
2.4. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an entity is appointed as market maker or liquidity provider or price maker in the secondary market in 
respect of any Notes, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of the Notes in the secondary 
market. 
The Issuer will act as liquidity provider  
If the relevant Final Terms provide so, the Issuer may act as liquidity provider in relation to the Notes, 
among other things, also by publishing on his website the indicative value of the Notes determined by 
taking into consideration, for instance, the bid and ask prices in respect of the Notes and the hedging and/or 
unwinding costs. In this case, investors should take into account that such indicative value may significantly 
differ from the value of the Notes as quoted by other market makers and it should not be construed as the 
fair market price of such Notes nor as a fair estimation of consideration in respect of any disposal of such 
Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency or, if Dual Currency 
Interest and/or Dual Currency Redemption is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer 
will pay principal and/or interest on the Notes in a currency different to the Specified Currency (the 
"Payment Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversion if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified Currency and/or, as applicable, the Payment Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
and/or, as applicable, the Payment Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency and/or, as applicable, 
the Payment Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The above risks may be increased for currencies of emerging market jurisdictions. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Notes bearing Fixed Rate Interest involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Investment in Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest 
involves the risk that interest rates may vary from time to time, resulting in variable interest payments to 
Noteholders.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where an issue of 
Notes is rated, investors should be aware that:  
(i) such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes; 
(ii) a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, revision, 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency; and 
(iii) notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the trading price 
for the Notes. 
In addition, in relation to unsolicited ratings:  
(i) the Issuer is under no obligation to disclose any such ratings in the Final Terms or in any Supplement 
to this Base Prospectus; and 
(ii) unsolicited ratings assigned to the Issuer or Notes may differ from any then existing ratings assigned. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, 
the CRA Regulation) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not a conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between the publication of the updated ESMA list and certain supervisory 
measures being taken against the relevant rating agency. If any credit ratings are assigned to the Notes, 
certain information with respect to the relevant credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms. 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes 
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on the 
Notes. Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the Issuer may affect the market 
value of the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes (i) is 
fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary's) financial 
needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines 
and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) 
is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the 
beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
Potential investors should consult with their own tax, legal, accounting and/or financial advisers before

--- Page 56 ---
55 
 
 
considering investing in the Notes. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No reliance 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Managers, if any, or any of their respective affiliates 
in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above.  None of the Issuer, the Managers, if any, or any of their respective affiliates has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of the 
Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates 
(if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
2.5. 
Risks related to the offer to the public  
Impact of implicit fees on the Issue Price / Offer Price  
Investors should note that implicit fees (e.g. placement commissions/distribution commissions, structuring 
fees) may be a component of the Issue Price / Offer Price of the Notes, but such fees will not be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining the price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market and could 
result in a difference between the Issue Price and/or Offer Price, the theoretical value of the Notes, and or/ 
the actual bid/offer price quoted in the secondary market. Any such difference may have an adverse effect 
on the value of the Notes. 
Investors should also take into consideration that if Notes are sold on the secondary market immediately 
following the offer period relating to such Notes, the implicit fees included in the Issue Price /Offer Price 
on initial subscription for such Notes will be deducted from the price at which such Notes may be sold in 
the secondary market. 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the type and amount of any implicit fees which are 
applicable from time to time. 
Public offers 
If Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to withdraw 
the offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed null and void according to the terms indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
In this case, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Notes will 
be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any interest that may have accrued in 
the period between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the reimbursement of the Notes. 
Furthermore, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other 
entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to postpone the closing of the offer period and, if 
so, the Issue Date of the Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 
 
In this case, investors who have paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Notes prior to the 
communication of the postponement of the Issue Date will not receive any interest that would have accrued 
if the Notes had been issued on the original Issue Date.

--- Page 58 ---
57 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following information, which has previously been published and filed with the CSSF is incorporated 
by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group 2021 Annual Report, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2021/2021_Annual__report.pdf   
(ii) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group 2022 Annual Report, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2022/2022_Annual__report.pdf  
(iii) the press release issued by Intesa Sanpaolo on 6 February 2023 and entitled "Intesa Sanpaolo 
Launches Buyback for Remaining 1,700 Million Euro" (the "6 February 2023 Press Release"), 
available at the following website:  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/comunicati-stampa-en/2023/02/20230206_startBB_uk.pdf  
(iv) the press release issued by Intesa Sanpaolo on 5 April 2023 and entitled "Intesa Sanpaolo: 
execution of programme of purchase of own shares for annulment in the period 3 April - 4 April 
2023 and conclusion of the programme" (the "5 April 2023 Press Release"), available at the 
following website:  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/comunicati-stampa-en/2023/04/20230405_endBB_uk.pdf 
(v) 
the press release issued by Intesa Sanpaolo on 3 May 2023 and entitled "Intesa Sanpaolo: change 
in share capital and final amount of the 2022 remaining dividend per share" (the "3 May 2023 
Press Release"), available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/comunicati-stampa-en/2023/05/20230503_VarCap_uk.pdf 
(vi) the press release issued by Intesa Sanpaolo on 5 May 2023 and entitled "Intesa Sanpaolo: 
Consolidated Results as at 31 March 2023" (the "5 May 2023 Press Release"), available at the 
following website:  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/comunicati-stampa-en/2023/05/20230505_Ris1Q23_uk.pdf  
(vii) the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the Base Prospectus dated 21 June 
2022 from page 105 to and including page 202, available at the following website: 
https://www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com/Download/Asset?id=9028b39f-9fc2-
4659-b4b3-6b14aa9a5ca0

--- Page 59 ---
58 
 
 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com) 
and 
at 
the 
following 
website: 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com.  
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not included in the cross-reference list below is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant 
to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer declares that the English translation of each of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is an accurate and not misleading translation in all 
material respect of the Italian language version of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial statements. Intesa 
Sanpaolo takes responsibility for the accuracy of such translations. 
Cross-reference list 
The following table shows where the information required under article 19(2) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 can be found in the above-mentioned documents. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2021 Annual Report 
 
 
Page number(s) 
Alternative Performance Measures .................................................................  
189-193 
Consolidated balance sheet .............................................................................  
200-201 
Consolidated income statement .......................................................................  
202 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ..........................................  
203 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity .................................................  
204-205 
Consolidated statement of cash flows .............................................................  
206 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ................................................  
207-608 
– Part A – Accounting policies ........................................................................  
209-292 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet .............................  
293-383 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement .......................  
384-408 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income  ...........................................  
409 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies ........................  
410-573 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital  .............................................  
574-578 
– Part G – Business combinations ..................................................................  
579-590 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related 
parties ..............................................................................................................  
591-596 
– Part I – Share-based payments ....................................................................  
597-601 
– Part L – Segment reporting ..........................................................................  
602-604 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ......................................................................  
605-608 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 
bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 ...................................................................  
609 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements .........  
611-621 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements...................................  
623-653

--- Page 60 ---
59 
 
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2022 Annual Report 
 
Page number(s) 
Alternative Performance Measures……………………………………………… 
189-193 
Consolidated balance sheet……………………………………………………… 
200-201 
Consolidated income statement…………………………………………………. 
202 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income……………………………… 
203 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity…………………………………... 
204-205 
Consolidated statement of cash flows…………………………………………... 
206 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements………………………………….. 
209-615 
– Part A – Accounting policies………………………………………………….. 
209-300 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet……………………… 
301-389 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement………………….. 
390-412 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income.……………………………….. 
413 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies…………………... 
414-581 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital………………………………….. 
582-586 
– Part G – Business combinations………………………………………………. 
587-594 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties… 
595-600 
– Part I – Share-based payments………………………………………………… 
601-606 
– Part L – Segment reporting……………………………………………………. 
607-610 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases…………………………………………………. 
611-615 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998……………………………………………………... 
 
617 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements………... 
619-628 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements………………………… 
629-659 
 
6 February 2023 Press Release 
Page number(s) 
All 
5 April 2023 Press Release 
Page number(s)  
All 
3 May 2023 Press Release 
Page number(s) 
 
All 
5 May 2023 Press Release 
Page number(s) 
All

--- Page 61 ---
60 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest Coupons attached (Bearer 
Notes), or registered form, without Coupons attached (Registered Notes). Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Bearer Notes 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C Rules are applicable 
in relation to the Bearer Notes (referred to herein as "TEFRA D Notes" and "TEFRA C Notes", 
respectively), provided that if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, the applicable Final 
Terms will specify that the TEFRA Rules are not applicable.   
An issuance of Notes to which the TEFRA C Rules apply may initially be represented by a permanent global 
note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note) or a temporary bearer global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) 
(Permanent Bearer Global Notes and Temporary Bearer Global Notes are referred to collectively herein as 
Bearer Global Notes).  In all other cases, each Tranche of Notes with a maturity of more than 365 days will 
be initially issued in the form of a Temporary Bearer Global Note.  In either case, the Bearer Global Notes 
will: 
(a) if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If the Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, this will mean 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and, 
in case of registered notes, registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note (if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not United States persons, or 
persons who have purchased for resale directly or indirectly to any United States person or to a person 
within the United States or its possessions, as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) for interests 
in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series against certification of beneficial ownership in 
accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulations as described above, unless such certification has already been

--- Page 62 ---
61 
 
 
given.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note is improperly withheld 
or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note (if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
A Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (1) upon not less than 
60 days’ written notice given to the Agent by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg acting in the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in this Global Note or (2) upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) 
has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) and have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system is available, or (iii) as a result of a change in law, the Issuer 
has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice 
to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes with a maturity of more than 365 days and on all and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain 
on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form, without 
Receipts or Coupons, (a Registered Global Note) which will be deposited with a common depositary for, 
and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the 
case of Registered Global Notes issued under the new global note structure, registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the International Central Securities Depositaries acting as Common Safekeeper, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Prior to expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to 
each Tranche of the Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may not be offered or sold to, 
or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 1 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and such Registered Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Registered Global Note issued under the new global

--- Page 63 ---
62 
 
 
note structure and held by a Common Safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount 
of Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal, premium (if any), interest or 
other amounts on such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder (as shown in the Register) of the 
relevant Registered Global Note, such Common Safekeeper, shall be deemed to be the holder of such 
nominal amount of Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Registered Global 
Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "Noteholders" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. Transfers of beneficial interests in the underlying Registered Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note will be effected only through the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under certain circumstances, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will be made 
to the persons shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 1(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 4(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition.  A Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred by the transferor or a person duly authorised on behalf of the transferor 
(i) surrendering the Registered Note, and (ii) depositing at the specified office of the Registrar a duly 
completed transfer certificate (a Transfer Certificate) in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies 
of which are available from the Registrar) signed by or on behalf of the transferor.  The Registrar shall, 
after due and careful enquiry, and upon being satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request, subject to the regulations set out under the Agency Agreement, enter the name 
of the transferee in the Register for the definitive Registered Notes as the noteholder of the Registered Notes 
specified in the form of transfer. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in 
any such case, no successor clearing system is available, or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global 
Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice 
to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than ten days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
General 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note or Registered Global Note (together, a Global Note) 
will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 64 ---
63 
 
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN 
which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day and, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Registered Global Note, the corresponding entry in the Register kept by the Registrar will 
become void. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated on or about 
16 June 2023 and executed by the Issuer.  
Crest Depository Interests 
Investors may also hold interests in the Notes indirectly through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly 
known as CRESTCo Limited) (CREST) through the issuance of dematerialised depository interests 
(CREST Depository Interests or CDIs) issued, held, settled and transferred through CREST, representing 
interests in the relevant Notes in respect of which the CDIs are issued (the Underlying Notes). CREST 
Depository Interests are independent securities distinct from the Notes, constituted under English law and 
transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository Limited (the CREST Depository) 
pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified, supplemented and/or 
restated) (the CREST Deed Poll). See "Clearing and Settlement" for more information regarding holding 
CDIs.

--- Page 65 ---
64 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THE RISK FACTORS IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN FINANCIAL AND LEGAL 
ADVISORS ABOUT THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES AND 
THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES IN LIGHT OF THEIR 
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in [the European Economic Area (the "EEA")] [and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•]]. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation [or (iv) a retail client within the meaning of any equivalent definition 
under the applicable legislation of [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•]]. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the [EEA] [and][Insert jurisdiction(s) 
[•] [only]] has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the [EEA] [and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•] [only]] may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.] 
[Date] 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a società per azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08 
[Title of Notes]  
under the Note Issuance Programme IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [⚫]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation as amended]1 (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
 
1 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 66 ---
65 
 
 
the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation]2 and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and 
the specified offices of the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus has been published on the websites of 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com). In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions 
and the Final Terms, these Final Terms prevail. [An issue specific summary of the Notes is annexed to these 
Final Terms.]3 In the case of the Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange [and 
of the Issuer]4.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date:)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2022, which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. The Base Prospectus 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] is [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at 
the registered office of the Issuer [and the specified offices of the Principal Security Agent]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [has] [have] been published on the websites of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
the 
Issuer 
(www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com). [An issue specific summary of the Notes is annexed to 
these Final Terms.]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[               ] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Notes become fungible)] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
 
2 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation.   
3 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
4 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 67 ---
66 
 
 
Series: 
on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 36 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[               ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
(a) 
Series: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[               ] 
4. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[               ] 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following 
sample 
wording 
should 
be 
followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].")) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[               ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than 
one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
[In case of Instalment Notes: The Calculation 
Amount is specified at point[s] [39] below)] 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[               ] 
[Specify/Issue 
Date/Not 
applicable]  
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will 
not be relevant for certain Notes, for example 
Zero Coupon Notes.)

--- Page 68 ---
67 
 
 
7. 
Type of Notes: 
[Fixed Rate Notes] 
[Fixed Reset Rate Notes] 
[Floating Rate Notes] 
[Fixed [Reset]] [Floating] to [Floating] 
[Fixed [Reset]] Rate [Switchable] Notes 
[Zero Coupon Notes] 
[Structured [Autocallable] [Dual Currency 
[Interest/Redemption]] Notes]  
(specify all Note types which apply)  
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. [per annum] Fixed Rate] [from 
and including the [Issue Date/[•]] up to but 
excluding [•]]  
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [       ], 
then [ ] per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [   
]] 
[[       ] per cent. Fixed Rate until [       ], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 21 
below] 
 
[ [EURIBOR] / [SONIA] / [SOFR] / [Insert 
Other Overnight Rate][specify reference 
rate] [+/-[  ] per cent.] Floating Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Rate Linked Interest] 
[Floating Rate: Difference in Rates]  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Call Interest linked to [specify underlying(s) 
among the following: shares, indices, 
commodities, futures contracts, exchange 
rates, inflation rates, interest rates, funds, 
swap rates and Baskets composed of the 
aforementioned financial reference assets]] 
[Put Interest linked to [specify underlying(s) 
among the following: shares, indices, 
commodities, futures contracts, exchange 
rates, inflation rates, interest rates, funds, 
swap rates and Baskets composed of the

--- Page 69 ---
68 
 
 
aforementioned financial reference assets]] 
[Digital 
Interest 
linked 
to 
[specify 
underlying(s) among the following: shares, 
indices, commodities, futures contracts, 
exchange rates, inflation rates, interest 
rates, funds, swap rates and Baskets 
composed of the aforementioned financial 
reference assets]] 
[Range Accrual Interest linked to [specify 
underlying(s) among the following: shares, 
indices, commodities, futures contracts, 
exchange rates, inflation rates, interest 
rates, funds, swap rates and Baskets 
composed of the aforementioned financial 
reference assets]] 
[Spread 
Interest 
linked 
to 
[specify 
underlying(s) among the following: shares, 
indices, commodities, futures contracts, 
exchange rates, inflation rates, interest 
rates, funds, swap rates and Baskets 
composed of the aforementioned financial 
reference assets]] 
 
(further particulars specified at point[s] [•] 
below) 
[If the Underlying qualifies as "benchmark" 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation insert: [specify benchmark(s)] 
[is/are] provided by [insert administrator(s) 
legal name(s)] [repeat as necessary]. [As at 
the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
administrator(s) 
legal 
name(s)] 
[appear[s]]/[[does]/[do] not appear] [repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation.][As far as the Issuer 
is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] [does/do] 
not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
Regulation] [repeat as necessary] OR [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply], such that 
[insert administrator(s) legal name(s)] 
[is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration [since [specify 
benchmark(s)] [has/have] been recognised as 
[a] critical benchmark(s)] (or, if located

--- Page 70 ---
69 
 
 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). [repeat as 
necessary].] 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other]  
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable – see [Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions,] 
[Fixed 
Reset 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions,] [Floating Rate Note Provisions] 
[Call Interest Provisions] [Put Interest 
Provisions] [Digital Interest Provisions] 
[Range Accrual Interest Provisions][Spread 
Interest Provisions] and Change of Interest 
Basis Provisions]/[Not applicable] 
(Specify the date when any change of interest 
basis occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 19, 
20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 and 26 and identify 
there) 
13. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[specify whether or not a redemption of the 
Note will occur upon the exercise of the 
Investor Put] 
[If redemption of the Note will not occur 
specify further particulars] 
[If redemption of the Note will occur: further 
particulars specified at point[s] [•] below] 
14. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified at point[s] [•] 
below)] 
15. 
Mandatory Early Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[(further particulars specified at point[s] [•] 
below)] 
16. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[               ]

--- Page 71 ---
70 
 
 
(ii) 
Payment Currency: 
[               ] 
(iii) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]. 
(iv) 
Rate Calculation Date: 
[               ]/[As per Condition 7] 
− 
Number of Rate 
Calculation Business Days: 
[               ] 
− 
Rate Calculation Business 
Days: 
[               ]/[As per Condition 7] 
− 
Rate Calculation Business 
Centre(s): 
[               ]/[As per Condition 7] 
(v) 
Valuation Time: 
[               ]/[As per Condition 7] 
(vi) 
EM Currency Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Unscheduled Holiday:  
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
− 
Maximum Days of 
Unscheduled Holiday 
Postponement: 
[               ] 
(viii) 
Cumulative Events: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
− 
Maximum Days of 
Cumulative Postponement: 
[               ] 
(ix) 
FX Market Disruption Event(s): 
Currency Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
FX Disruption Fallback: 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Currency Reference Dealers] 
[EM Fallback Valuation Postponement] 
[Maximum Days of EM Fallback 
Valuation Postponement: [               
]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
[Maximum Days of EM Valuation 
Postponement:  
[               ]] 
[Fallback Reference Price [specify also 
alternate FX Price Source(s)]] 
[Other Published Sources] 
[Postponement] 
[Maximum Days of Postponement:  
[               ]] 
(More than one FX Disruption Fallback 
may apply and if so must be specified in the

--- Page 72 ---
71 
 
 
order in which they apply) 
(xi) 
FX Price Source(s): 
[               ] 
(xii) 
Number of Reference Dealers: 
[               ]/[As per Conditions 7] 
(xiii) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[               ] 
(xiv) 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[               ]  
17. 
Tax Gross-Up: 
[Condition 8(i) applicable]/[Condition 8(ii) 
applicable] 
18. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated/Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
19. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the period from [   
] to [       ] [subject to the exercise of the 
Switch Option]]]/[Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[           ] per cent. per annum [in respect of 
the Interest Period from [       ] to [       ], and 
[           ] per cent. per annum in respect of the 
Interest Period from [       ] to [       ], in each 
case] payable [       ] in arrear] / [specify other 
in case of different Rates of Interest in 
respect of different Interest Periods]. 
(ii) 
Fixed Interest Period(s): 
[               ] 
(iii) 
Fixed Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up [to and including the 
Maturity Date]]/[specify other]. The first 
Fixed Interest Payment Date is [    ]. 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[    ]//[Not applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[               ]/[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Fixed Interest Accrual Date(s): 
[The Fixed Interest Accrual Dates are [     ] 
[in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date].] [The Fixed Interest Accrual 
Dates shall be the Fixed Interest Payment

--- Page 73 ---
72 
 
 
Dates.] 
(vii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[               ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
applicable]  
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
(N.B. Specify different Fixed Coupon 
Amounts if different Rates of Interest are 
specified as being applicable in respect of 
different Interest Periods) 
(viii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[           ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Fixed Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(specify details, if necessary) 
[       ]  
[Not applicable] 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally appropriate 
(i) for Fixed Rate Notes except for Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars for which 30/360 is 
normally appropriate, or (ii) where interest is not 
payable in regular instalments (e.g. if there are 
Broken Amounts)) 
(x) 
Determination Date(s): 
[       ] in each year 
 
[Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ICMA in which case insert regular 
Fixed Interest Payment Dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. 
 
NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular Fixed Interest Payment Dates which are not 
of equal duration.] 
20. 
Fixed Reset Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the period from [       ] to [   
] [subject to the exercise of the Switch Option]]]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 74 ---
73 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable [       ] in arrear 
(ii) 
Fixed Reset Interest Period: 
[               ] 
Fixed Reset Interest Accrual Date: 
[               ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date(s): 
[               ] 
(iv) 
Reset Rate(s): 
[[               ] per cent. per annum payable [   
] in arrear]/[A rate per annum equal to the 
sum of (a) the Reset Reference Rate and (b) 
the Reset Margin] 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate(s): 
[Mid Swap Rate/Reference Bond] 
(Only relevant where the Reset Rate(s) is a 
rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the 
Reset Reference Rate and (b) the Reset 
Margin) 
− 
Mid Swap Benchmark 
Rate  
[[               ]/Not 
applicable] 
(Delete 
if 
Reference Bond selected or if Specified 
Currency is euro) 
− 
Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[[              ]/Not applicable] (Delete if 
Reference Bond selected or if Reset Rate(s) 
specified in sub-paragraph (v) above) 
− 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
[[               ]/Not applicable] (Delete if Reset 
Rate(s) specified in sub-paragraph (v) 
above) 
− 
Reference Bond Issuing 
State: 
[[               ]/Not applicable] (Delete if Mid 
Swap Rate selected or if Specified Currency 
is not euro) 
− 
Disruption Fallbacks 
[specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 3] 
(vi) 
Fixed Reset Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up [to and including the 
Maturity Date]]/[specify other]. The first 
Fixed Reset Interest Payment Date is [    ]. 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
(vii) 
Fixed Reset Interest Amount(s): 
[               ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
applicable] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
(viii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[           ] per Calculation Amount, payable

--- Page 75 ---
74 
 
 
on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ 
] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(specify details, if necessary) 
[       ]  
[Not applicable] 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally 
appropriate (i) for Fixed Reset Rate Notes 
except 
for 
Fixed 
Reset 
Rate 
Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars for which 
30/360 is normally appropriate, or (ii) where 
interest is not payable in regular instalments 
(e.g. if there are Broken Amounts)) 
(x) 
Determination Dates: 
[       ] in each year 
 
[Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ICMA in which case insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. 
 
NB: This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular Interest Payment Dates which are 
not of equal duration.] 
(xi) 
Reset Margin(s): 
[               ]/Not applicable (Delete if Reset 
Rate(s) specified in sub-paragraph (v) 
above) 
(xii) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[               ]/Not applicable (Delete if Reset 
Rate(s) specified in sub-paragraph (v) 
above) 
(xiii) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[               ]/Not applicable (Delete if Reset 
Rate(s) specified in sub-paragraph (v) 
above) 
(xiv) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[               ]/Not applicable (Delete if Reset 
Rate(s) specified in sub-paragraph (v) 
above)

--- Page 76 ---
75 
 
 
21. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the period from [   
] to [       ] [subject to the exercise of the 
Switch Option]]]/[Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Floating Interest Period(s): 
[               ] 
(ii) 
Floating Interest Accrual Dates: 
[               ] 
(iii) 
Floating Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up [to and including the 
Maturity Date]]/[specify other]. The first 
Floating Interest Payment Date is [    ]. 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[    ]/[Not applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[               ]/[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination / Difference in Rates] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[               ] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
− 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the paragraphs 
below from (i) to (x)) 
(i) Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily SOFR]/[Compounded 
Daily SOFR Index]/[Compounded Daily 
SONIA]/[Compounded 
Daily 
Rate][Weighted Average Rate] 
(ii) Observation Method: 
[Lag][Lock-out][Observation Shift] 
(iii) Observation Period: 
[      ][Not 
Applicable][As 
defined 
in 
Condition 3]

--- Page 77 ---
76 
 
 
(iv) p: 
[3][    ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days][London Banking Days][Relevant Business 
Days][      ][Not Applicable][As defined in Condition 
3] 
(NB: A minimum of 3 should be specified unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent or such 
other person as party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest) 
(v) SOFR IndexStart Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days: 
[5][    ] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days [    ][Not Applicable] (only 
relevant for SOFR) 
(vi) SOFR IndexEnd Number of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days 
[5][    ] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days [    ][Not Applicable] (only 
relevant for SOFR) 
(vii) Relevant Business Day: 
[Insert 
details][Not 
applicable](only 
applicable in case of Other Overnight Rate)  
(viii) 
D: 
[[365/360/[        ]] days][Not applicable] 
(ix) r: 
[        ][Not applicable] (only applicable in 
case of Other Overnight Rate) 
(x) Lock-out Period: 
[      ][Not Applicable](only applicable in 
case of Other Overnight Rate) 
− 
Reference Rate(s): 
[[               ] month [EURIBOR]]/ [SONIA] / 
[SOFR] / [Insert Other Overnight Rate] 
/[CMS Rate] / [               ] / [specify relevant 
yield of Government securities][specify 
relevant swap rate] 
− 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[          ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
− 
Specified Time: 
[          ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[               ] 
(in the case of EURIBOR): [the second day 
on which the T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is euro): [second day on

--- Page 78 ---
77 
 
 
which the T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is other than euro): 
[second [specify type of day] prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[               ]  
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
(In the case of CMS Rate Linked Interest 
Note, specify relevant screen page and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
− 
Reference Rate 
Administrator and 
Calculation Entity: 
[               ] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Disruption Fallbacks 
[specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 3] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[               ] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[               ] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[               ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR or CMS Rate based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
− 
Disruption Fallbacks 
[specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 3] 
(x) 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
− 
Applicable Benchmark 
− 
Fixing Day 
− 
Fixing Time 
− 
Any other terms relating to 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[              ][Not Applicable] 
[              ] 
[              ] 
[              ][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
− 
Rate 1: 
[               ]

--- Page 79 ---
78 
 
 
− 
Manner in which Rate 1 is 
to be determined:  
[Reference Rate determined in accordance 
with Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA 
Determination/ CMS Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination] 
− 
Margin(s) applicable to 
Rate 1: 
[Not applicable]/[[+/-] [  ] per cent. per 
annum] 
− 
Rate Multiplier applicable 
to Rate 1: 
[Not applicable]/[[          ] per cent.] 
Sub-paragraphs 
below 
to 
be 
completed if Rate 1 is a Reference 
Rate to be determined in accordance 
with Screen Rate Determination: 
 
− 
Reference Rate(s): 
[[               ] month [EURIBOR]]/ [SONIA] / 
[SOFR] / [Insert Other Overnight Rate] 
/[CMS Rate] / [               ] / [specify relevant 
yield of 
government securities][specify 
relevant swap rate] 
− 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[          ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
− 
Specified Time: 
[          ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
[               ] 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[               ] 
(in the case of EURIBOR): [the second day 
on which the T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is euro): [second day on 
which the T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is other than euro): 
[second [specify type of day] prior to the start 
of each Interest Period]

--- Page 80 ---
79 
 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[               ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
(In the case of CMS Rate Linked Interest 
Note, specify relevant screen page and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
− 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
[specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 3] 
Sub-paragraphs 
below 
to 
be 
completed if Rate 1 is an ISDA Rate 
or a CMS Rate to be determined in 
accordance 
with 
ISDA 
Determination: 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[               ] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[               ] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[               ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR or CMS Rate based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
− 
Rate 2: 
[               ] 
− 
Manner in which Rate 2 is 
to be determined: 
[Reference Rate determined in accordance 
with Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA 
Determination/ CMS Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination] 
− 
Margin(s) applicable to 
Rate 2: 
[Not applicable]/[[+/-] [  ] per cent. per 
annum] 
− 
Rate Multiplier applicable 
to Rate 2: 
Sub-paragraphs 
below 
to 
be 
completed if Rate 2 is a Reference 
Rate to be determined in accordance 
with Screen Rate Determination: 
[Not applicable]/[[          ] per cent.] 
− 
Reference Rate(s): 
[[               ] month [EURIBOR]]/ [SONIA] / 
[SOFR] / [Insert Other Overnight Rate] 
/[CMS Rate] / [               ] /[specify relevant 
yield of Government securities][specify

--- Page 81 ---
80 
 
 
relevant swap rate] 
− 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[          ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
− 
Specified Time: 
[          ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[               ] 
(in the case of or EURIBOR): [the second 
day on which the T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is euro): [second day on 
which the T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is other than euro): 
[second [specify type of day] prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[               ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
(In the case of CMS Rate Linked Interest 
Note, specify relevant screen page and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
− 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
[specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 3] 
Sub-paragraphs 
below 
to 
be 
completed if Rate 2 is an ISDA Rate 
or a CMS Rate to be determined in 
accordance 
with 
ISDA 
Determination: 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
− 
Reset Date: 
 
 
 
 
 
[               ] 
[               ] 
[               ]

--- Page 82 ---
81 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR or CMS Rate based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
(xii) 
Substitute Rate: 
[Applicable [Specify the Substitute Rate, the 
relevant screen page and any spread 
adjustment, if applicable]]/[Not applicable]  
(xiii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short 
or long interest period)] 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[Not applicable]/[[+/-] [  ] per cent. per 
annum] 
(xv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not applicable]/[[          ] per cent.] 
(xvi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[   ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(xvii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(xviii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(specify details, if necessary) 
[       ]  
 
[Not applicable] 
(xix) 
Rate Days Count Fraction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable][°°°](specify 
details, if necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
D: 
[        ] [days] 
- 
dc: 
[        ] [days] 
22. 
Call Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Underlying(s): 
[specify name and details of the relevant 
underlying(s)][where different periods are 
envisaged, specify if the underlying will be 
the same for all the periods or will differ in

--- Page 83 ---
82 
 
 
relation to each period][in case of Baskets, 
specify the number of Basket Constituents 
and the Basket Constituent Weight, subject to 
the application of the Rainbow/Cliquet 
options ] 
(ii) 
Call Interest Period(s): 
[          ] 
Call Interest Accrual Dates: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[    ]/[Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Call Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up [to and including the 
Maturity Date]]/[specify other]. The first 
Call Interest Payment Date is [    ]. 
(v) 
Call Option: 
[European]/[Asian] 
(vi) 
Call Interest Amount: 
[Insert the formula for the calculation of the Call 
Interest Amount in accordance with Condition 3(a)(I-
4) with only the applicable formula components] 
(vii) 
Participation Factor: 
[Not applicable][   ] 
(viii) 
Margin: 
[Not applicable]/[[+/-] [  ] per cent. per 
annum] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Knock-in Level: 
[      ] [Not applicable] 
Knock-in Range: 
[      ] [Not applicable] 
Knock-in Observation Period: 
[      ] 
Knock-in Observation Date(s): 
[      ] 
(xii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Knock-out Level: 
[      ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 84 ---
83 
 
 
Knock-out Range: 
[      ] [Not applicable] 
Knock-out Observation Period: 
[      ] 
Knock-out Observation Date(s): 
[      ] 
(xiii) 
Formula for the calculation of the 
Call Performance: 
[Insert the formula for the calculation of the 
performance in accordance with Condition 
3(a)(I-4) with only the applicable formula 
components] 
Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
Interim Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Interim Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ] 
Multiplier Factor: 
[Not applicable][   ] 
Cap: 
[Not applicable][Applicable -    ] 
Floor: 
[Not applicable][Applicable -    ] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable][   ] 
Rate Days Count Fraction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable][°°°](specify 
details, if necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
D: 
[        ] [days] 
- 
dc: 
[        ] [days] 
(xiv) 
Best Of Option: 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(I)]]/[Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Worst Of Option: 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(I)]]/[Not applicable] 
(xvi) 
Cliquet Option: 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(I)]]/[Not applicable]  
(xvii) 
Rainbow Option: 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(I)]]/[Not applicable] 
(N.B.: only applicable if the Underlying is a 
Basket) 
(xviii) Himalaya Option: 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(I)]]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 85 ---
84 
 
 
(N.B.: only applicable if the Underlying is a 
Basket) 
Himalaya Valuation Period(s): 
[          ] 
(xix) 
Futures 
Contract 
N-th 
Near-by 
Feature: (Delete the sub-paragraphs 
if not applicable) 
[Applicable 
[Specify 
details]] 
[Not 
applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
if 
the 
Underlying is a futures contract) 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by: 
[     ] 
N-th Near-by Initial Date: 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
(Only applicable if the Initial Reference 
Value or Interim Initial Reference Value are 
determined on the basis of the Futures 
Contract N-th Near-by) 
Rolling: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not 
applicable] 
Rollover Date(s): 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
(xx) 
Information Source: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
(xxi) 
Provisions for the calculation of the 
Reference Value of the Underlying 
in the case of market disruption event 
or adjustment event or incorrect 
values published by the Information 
Source: 
[Specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6] 
(xxii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(specify details, if necessary) 
[       ]  
[Not applicable] 
23. 
Put Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Underlying(s) 
[specify name and details of the relevant 
underlying(s)][where different periods are 
envisaged, specify if the underlying will be 
the same for all the periods or will differ in 
relation to each period][in case of Baskets, 
specify the number of Basket Constituents

--- Page 86 ---
85 
 
 
and the Basket Constituent Weight, subject to 
the application of the Rainbow/Cliquet 
options ] 
(ii) 
Put Interest Period(s): 
[          ] 
Put Interest Accrual Dates: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[    ]/[Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Put Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up [to and including the 
Maturity Date]]/[specify other]. The first Put 
Interest Payment Date is [    ]. 
(v) 
Put Option: 
[European]/[Asian] 
(vi) 
Put Interest Amount: 
[Insert the formula for the calculation of the Put 
Interest Amount in accordance with Condition 
3(a)(II-4) 
with 
only 
the 
applicable 
formula 
components] 
(vii) 
Participation Factor: 
[Not applicable][   ] 
(viii) 
Margin: 
[Not applicable]/[[+/-] [  ] per cent. per 
annum] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Knock-in Level: 
[      ] [Not applicable] 
Knock-in Range: 
[      ] [Not applicable] 
Knock-in Observation Period: 
[      ] 
Knock-in Observation Date(s): 
[      ] 
(xii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Knock-out Level: 
[      ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
86 
 
 
Knock-out Range: 
[      ] [Not applicable] 
Knock-out Observation Period: 
[      ] 
Knock-out Observation Date(s): 
[      ] 
(xiii) 
Formula for the calculation of the 
Put Performance: 
[Insert the formula for calculating the 
performance in accordance with Condition 
3(a)(II-4) with only the applicable formula 
components] 
Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
Interim Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
Interim Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ] 
Multiplier Factor: 
[Not applicable][   ] 
Cap: 
[Not applicable][Applicable -    ] 
Floor: 
[Not applicable][Applicable -    ] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable][   ] 
Rate Days Count Fraction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable][°°°](specify 
details, if necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
D: 
[        ] [days] 
- 
dc: 
[        ] [days] 
(xiv) 
Best Of Option: 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(II)]]/[Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Worst Of Option: 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(II)]]/[Not applicable] 
(xvi) 
Cliquet Option: 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(II)]]/[Not applicable] 
(xvii) 
Rainbow Option: 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(II)]]/[Not applicable] 
(xviii) Himalaya Option: 
Himalaya Valuation Period(s): 
[Applicable [Specify details in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(II)]]/[Not applicable] 
(xix) 
Futures 
Contract 
N-th 
Near-by 
[Applicable 
[Specify 
details]] 
[Not

--- Page 88 ---
87 
 
 
Feature: (Delete the sub-paragraphs 
if not applicable) 
applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
if 
the 
Underlying is a futures contract) 
 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by: 
[     ] 
N-th Near-by Initial Date: 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
(Only applicable if the Initial Reference 
Value or Interim Initial Reference Value are 
determined on the basis of the Futures 
Contract N-th Near-by) 
Rolling: 
[Applicable 
[Specify 
details]] 
[Not 
applicable] 
Rollover Date(s): 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
(xx) 
Information Source: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
(xxi) 
Provisions for the calculation of the 
Reference Value of the Underlying 
in the case of market disruption event 
or adjustment event or incorrect 
values published by the Information 
Source: 
[Specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6] 
(xxii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(specify details, if necessary) 
[       ]  
[Not applicable] 
24. 
Digital Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Digital Interest Period(s): 
Digital Interest Accrual Dates: 
[          ] 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[    ]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 89 ---
88 
 
 
(iii) 
Digital Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up [to and including the 
Maturity Date]]/[specify other]. The first 
Digital Interest Payment Date is [    ]. 
(iv) 
Digital Interest Amount: 
[Insert the formula for the calculation of the Digital 
Interest Amount in accordance with Condition 
3(a)(III-4)] 
(v) 
Digital Rate 1: 
[   ]% 
(vi) 
Digital Rate 2: 
[   ]% 
(vii) 
Digital Condition: 
[Single Performance Condition. The Single 
Performance Condition will be satisfied if 
the 
Performance 
of 
[specify 
underlying/Basket] [is [higher than][lower 
than] [and][/][or] [equal to] the Barrier 
Level][falls within the Reference Range]] 
[Podium 
Performance 
Condition. 
The 
Podium Performance Condition occurs when 
the Single Performance Condition has been 
satisfied at least in relation to [insert number 
of 
underlyings/baskets] 
[Underlyings/Baskets]. 
The 
Single 
Performance Condition occurs [[if the 
[Single Performance][Basket Performance] 
of 
at 
least 
[specify 
number 
of 
underlying/Basket] 
[Underlyings/Baskets] 
[is [higher than][lower than] [and][/][or] 
[equal to] the Barrier Level] [falls within the 
Reference Range]] 
[Spread Performance Condition. The Spread 
Performance Condition will be satisfied 
when the difference between the [Single 
Performance/Basket Performance] of [the 
Underlying 1/Basket 1] and the [Single 
Performance/Basket Performance] of [the 
Underlying 
2/Basket 
2] 
[is 
[higher 
than][lower than] [and][/][or] [equal to] the 
Barrier Level] [falls within the Reference 
Range]] 
[Single Reference Value Condition The 
Single Reference Value Condition will be 
satisfied when the Reference Value [on the 
relevant Digital Observation Date[s]] [at any 
time during a Digital Observation Period] [is 
[higher than][lower than] [and][/][or] [equal 
to] the Barrier Level] [falls within the

--- Page 90 ---
89 
 
 
Reference Range]] 
[Podium Reference Value Condition. The 
Podium Reference Value Condition will be 
satisfied when the Single Reference Value 
Condition has been satisfied, [on the relevant 
Digital Observation Date[s]] [at any time 
during a Digital Observation Period], at least 
in 
relation 
to 
[insert 
number 
of 
underlyings/baskets] [Underlyings/Baskets]. 
The Single Reference Value Condition is 
considered as satisfied[[if the Reference 
Value of at least [specify number of 
underlying/Basket] 
[Underlyings/Baskets] 
[is [higher than][lower than] [and][/][or] 
[equal to] the Barrier Level] [falls within the 
Reference Range]] 
[Spread Reference Value Condition. The 
Spread Performance Condition will be 
satisfied when the difference between the 
Reference Value of [the Underlying 1/Basket 
1] and the Reference Value of [the 
Underlying 
2/Basket 
2] 
[is 
[higher 
than][lower than] [and][/][or] [equal to] the 
Barrier Level] [falls within the Reference 
Range] [on the relevant Digital Observation 
Date[s]] [at any time during a Digital 
Observation Period]] 
[Single Best Performance Condition. The 
Single Best Performance Condition will be 
satisfied if the Best Performance of 
[Underlying/Basket] [is [higher than][lower 
than] [and][/][or] [equal to] the Barrier 
Level] [falls within the Reference Range].  
The Best Performance is the [insert: first, or 
second, or third, etc., as the case may be] 
highest 
performance 
of 
the 
[Underlying/Basket], 
selected 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent among the performances 
of the [Underlying/Basket] determined on 
the following periods: [insert at least two 
periods]] 
[Single Worst Performance Condition. The 
Single Worst Performance Condition will be 
satisfied if the Worst Performance of 
[Underlying/Basket] [is [higher than][lower 
than] [and][/][or] [equal to] the Barrier 
Level] [falls within the Reference Range].

--- Page 91 ---
90 
 
 
The Worst Performance is the [insert: first, 
or second, or third, etc., as the case may be] 
worst 
performance 
of 
the 
[Underlying/Basket], 
selected 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent among the performances 
of the [Underlying/Basket] determined on 
the following periods: [insert at least two 
periods]] 
Underlying(s): 
[specify name and details of the Underlying 
or the Underlyings (if Podium Conditions 
are applicable) or the Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2 (if Spread Reference Value 
Conditions are applicable)] 
Formula for calculating the 
Performance: 
[Insert the formula for calculating the 
performance in accordance with Condition 
3(a)(III) with only the applicable formula 
components] 
Barrier Level: 
[[   ]][Not applicable] 
Reference Range: 
[from [   ]% to [   ]%] [Not applicable] 
Multiplier Factor: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
Interim Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Interim Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Digital Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Digital Observation Period(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Information Source: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Provisions 
for 
calculating 
the 
Reference Value of the Underlying 
in the case of market disruption 
event 
or 
adjustment 
event 
or 
incorrect values published by the 
Information Source: 
[Specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6] 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 92 ---
91 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(specify details, if necessary) 
[       ]  
(ix) 
Memory Effect: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] (N.B.: only 
applicable when the Digital Rate is equal to 
zero as a result of the non-occurrence of the 
relevant condition) 
(x) 
Consolidation Effect: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]( N.B.: not 
applicable if the Reload Effect is applicable) 
(xi) 
Reload Effect: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable](N.B.: 
not 
applicable if the Consolidation Effect is 
applicable) 
25. 
Range Accrual Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Range Accrual Interest Period(s): 
Range Accrual Interest Accrual 
Dates: 
[          ] 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[    ]/[Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Range Accrual Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up [to and including the 
Maturity Date]]/[specify other]. The first 
Range Accrual Interest Payment Date is [    ]. 
(iv) 
Range Accrual Interest Amount: 
[Insert the formula for the calculation of the Range 
Accrual Interest Amount in accordance with 
Condition 3(a)(IV-4) with only the applicable 
formula components] 
(v) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
Reference Period: 
[          ]

--- Page 93 ---
92 
 
 
Information Source: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Provisions 
for 
calculating 
the 
Reference Value in the case of 
market 
disruption 
event 
or 
adjustment event or incorrect values 
published 
by 
the 
Information 
Source: 
[Specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6] 
(viii) 
Fluctuation Range: 
[          ] 
(ix) 
In Range Yield: 
[          ] 
In Range Days: 
[          ] 
Margin: 
[Not applicable]/[[+/-] [  ] per cent. per 
annum] 
Rate Days Count Fraction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable][°°°](specify 
details, if necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
D: 
[        ] [days] 
- 
dc: 
[        ] [days] 
(x) 
Out Range Yield: 
[          ] 
Out Range Days: 
[          ] 
Margin: 
[Not applicable]/[[+/-] [  ] per cent. per 
annum] 
Rate Days Count Fraction: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable][°°°](specify 
details, if necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
D: 
[        ] [days] 
- 
dc: 
[        ] [days] 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(specify details, if necessary) 
[       ]

--- Page 94 ---
93 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
26. 
Spread Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Spread Interest Period(s): 
Spread Interest Accrual Dates: 
[          ] 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[    ]/[Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Spread Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up [to and including the 
Maturity Date]]/[specify other]. The first 
Spread Interest Payment Date is [    ]. 
(iv) 
Spread Interest Amount: 
[Insert the formula for the calculation of the Spread 
Interest Amount in accordance with Condition 
3(a)(V-3) 
with 
only 
the 
applicable 
formula 
components] 
(v) 
Participation Factor: 
[Not applicable][   ] 
(vi) 
Multiplier Factor: 
[Not applicable][          ] 
(vii) 
Margin: 
[Not applicable]/[[+/-] [  ] per cent. per 
annum] 
(viii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
Formula for calculating the Spread: 
[specify details of the formula in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(V) with only the 
applicable formula components] 
Underlying 1: 
[specify name and details of the relevant 
underlying] 
Cap1 
[    ][Not applicable] 
Floor1 
[    ][Not applicable] 
Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Interim Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable]

--- Page 95 ---
94 
 
 
Interim Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Rate Days Count Fraction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable][°°°](specify 
details, if necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
D: 
[        ] [days] 
- 
dc: 
[        ] [days] 
Information Source: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Provisions 
for 
calculating 
the 
Reference Value of the Underlying 
in the case of market disruption 
event 
or 
adjustment 
event 
or 
incorrect values published by the 
Information Source: 
[Specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6] 
Underlying 2: 
[specify name and details of the relevant 
underlying] 
Cap2 
[    ][Not applicable] 
Floor2 
[    ][Not applicable] 
Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Interim Initial Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Interim Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Final Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Rate Days Count Fraction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable][°°°](specify 
details, if necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
D: 
[        ] [days] 
- 
dc: 
[        ] [days] 
Information Source: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Provisions 
for 
calculating 
the 
Reference Value of the Underlying 
in the case of market disruption 
event 
or 
adjustment 
event 
or 
[Specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6]

--- Page 96 ---
95 
 
 
incorrect values published by the 
Information Source: 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(specify details, if necessary) 
[       ]  
[Not applicable] 
27. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[               ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
 
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/365]  
(specify details, if necessary) 
[       ]  
 
28. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to above 
paragraphs (as appropriate) if any change of 
interest basis occurs)  
(i) 
Issuer's Switch Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(ii) 
Switch Option: 
[specify details of the change(s) in Interest 
Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the 
exercise of the Switch Option to Noteholders 
on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date)] 
(iii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date:  
[               ] 
(iv) 
Switch Option Effective Date(s): 
[               ]

--- Page 97 ---
96 
 
 
29. 
Global Cap: 
[[  ] per cent.]/[Not applicable] 
30. 
Global Floor: 
[[  ] per cent.]/[Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
31. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[               ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[                   ] per Calculation Amount] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[               ] 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[               ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the Conditions, 
the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing systems as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
32. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[                  ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[                       ] per Calculation Amount] 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[                         ] 
 
(N.B. the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing systems [and custodians] as well as 
any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent. The notice period will not be 
shorter than 5 (five) Business Days prior to 
the exercise of the right to require 
redemption/sale of the Notes)

--- Page 98 ---
97 
 
 
33. 
Mandatory Early Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[          ](N.B.: 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount shall not be less than 
the Issue Price) 
(ii) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Payment Date(s): 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Specify whether the Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Event 
depends 
upon 
the 
Reference Value of the Underlying, or the 
performance of the Underlying, or the 
Spread 
between 
the 
performance 
of 
Underlying 1 and Underlying 2, being higher 
than, lower than and/or equal to the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Level.] 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Level(s): 
[          ] 
Underlying(s): 
[          ] 
Multiplier Factor: 
[Not applicable][          ] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable][          ] 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Valuation Period(s): 
[          ] 
(a) Mandatory Initial 
Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
(b) Mandatory Interim Initial 
Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
(c) Mandatory Interim Final 
Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
(d) Mandatory Final 
Observation Date(s): 
[          ][Not applicable] 
Futures 
Contract 
N-th 
Near-by 
Feature: (Delete the sub-paragraphs 
if not applicable): 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable](Only 
applicable if the Underlying is a futures contract) 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by: 
[     ]

--- Page 99 ---
98 
 
 
N-th Near-by Initial Date: 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
(Only applicable if the Mandatory Initial Reference 
Value or the Mandatory Interim Initial Reference 
Value are determined on the basis of the Futures 
Contract N-th Near-by) 
Rolling: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
Rollover Date(s): 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
Information Source(s): 
[          ][Not applicable]  
Provisions 
for 
calculating 
the 
Reference Value of the Underlying 
in the case of market disruption event 
or adjustment event or incorrect 
values published by the Information 
Source: 
[Specify 
details 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6] 
34. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[                ] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/Not Applicable] 
35. 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in Condition 5(v)): 
[[               ]/per Calculation Amount]  
(N.B. for all Notes attention should be given 
as to how accrued interest should be 
included in the computation of the Early 
Redemption Amount (if at all)) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
36. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[[Permitted for TEFRA D Notes, TEFRA C 
Notes, and Bearer Notes to which TEFRA 
does not apply - Temporary Bearer Global 
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[Permitted for TEFRA C Notes and Notes to 
which TEFRA Rules are not applicable -  
Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]]] 
 
[CREST 
Depository 
Interests 
(CDIs) 
representing the Notes may also be issued in

--- Page 100 ---
99 
 
 
accordance with the usual procedures of 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (CREST)] 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 
includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [€199,000]."  Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is 
not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes.) 
[Registered Global Note (US$/€[ ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/Registered Notes in definitive 
form (specify nominal amounts)] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
37. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place 
of payment and not to Interest Payment 
Dates) 
38. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made.][Not 
applicable] 
39. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
The Notes [are/are not] Instalment Notes. 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) Instalment Amount(s): 
 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) Instalment Dates(s): 
 
[⚫]

--- Page 101 ---
100 
 
 
 
40. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable. The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in [the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA")] 
[and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•].] [Insert any 
other selling restriction [•]]. 
[The Notes are only intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to investors 
via the professional segment of [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[the Euro MTF Market]/[•].] 
[Not applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products or constitute 
"packaged" products but will be offered to 
qualified investors only and no key 
information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
[Additional selling restrictions5:] 
[The following selling restrictions shall 
apply in addition to the selling restrictions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus: [•]] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[⚫] has been extracted from [⚫]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [⚫], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[Signed on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.: 
By: 
 ........................................................  
Duly authorised] 
 
5 Only applicable if the Notes are not intended to be offered to retail investors.

--- Page 102 ---
101 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
i. 
Listing: 
[Application [[has] [may] [will]] [also] [been] [be] 
made][is expected to be made in] [Luxembourg – [ 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]] [and] [Austria[- Vienna 
Stock 
Exchange]] 
[Belgium[– 
Brussels 
Stock 
Exchange]] [Croatia[- Zagreb Stock Exchange]] 
[Hungary[- Budapest Stock Exchange]] [Ireland[– [ 
Euronext 
Dublin]] 
[Portugal[–Euronext 
Lisbon]] 
[Republic of Italy[– Borsa Italiana]] [Slovak Republic[- 
Bratislava Stock Exchange]] [None] 
ii. 
Admission to trading 
[Application [[has] [may] [will]] [also] [been] [be] 
made][is expected to be made] for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [specify details of the relevant 
market/trading venue in Luxembourg/ Austria/ Belgium/ 
Croatia/ Ireland/ Republic of Italy/Hungary/ Portugal/ 
Slovak Republic/ as the case may be] with effect from [ 
]. (specify all the relevant markets / trading venues - if 
more than one - by enlisting them in different 
paragraphs)]. 
[[After the Issue Date] [A][a]pplication may be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) to list the Notes on such 
further or other stock exchanges or regulated markets or 
to admit to trading on such other trading venues 
(including without limitation multilateral trading 
facilities) as the Issuer may decide.] 
[Not applicable.] 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading] 
[Only qualified investors, as defined in Article 2 (e) of 
the Prospectus Regulation, are allowed to purchase the 
Notes on the [•].] 
iii. 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[          ]* 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The following provisions are only applicable if credit ratings have been specifically assigned to the 
Notes] 
Ratings: 
At the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer is rated 
[insert details] by [insert credit rating agency name(s)].

--- Page 103 ---
102 
 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended). [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity] is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [[Insert 
the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is therefore not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).  The ratings have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  [Insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered credit rating agency entity] is established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.  [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]] The 
European Securities Markets Authority has indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by

--- Page 104 ---
103 
 
 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration] may be used 
in the EU by the relevant market participants.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation), but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation, [EITHER:] and it 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation] OR: 
[although notification of the corresponding certification 
decision has not yet been provided by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the legal 
name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] 
is not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [ and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.]]  
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).  However, the application for registration 
under the CRA Regulation of [insert the legal name of 
the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity that 
applied for registration], which is established in the 
European Union, disclosed the intention to endorse 
credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its

--- Page 105 ---
104 
 
 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation] ] The 
European Securities Markets Authority has indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration] may be used 
in the EU by the relevant market participants.] 
 
[Not applicable.  No ratings have been assigned to the 
Notes at the request of or with the cooperation of the 
Issuer in the rating process.] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not applicable.] 
[The CSSF [has been requested to provide/has provided] the [names of competent authorities 
of Austria/ Belgium/ Croatia/ Ireland/ Republic of Italy/Hungary/ Portugal/ Slovak Republic] 
with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation.]] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[[Save for any commission payable to the Manager[s],] [and costs payable to the Issuer] so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer. - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. In the event that the Issuer acts 
as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, include a reference 
to the risk factor "Calculation Agent's Discretion and Conflicts of Interest"] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer and 
use of proceeds: 
[          ] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus - if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks (for example for a Green Bond, a 
Social Bond, a Climate Bond or an issuance of a 
Sustainability Bond) will need to include those reasons 
here.)]** 
[(i)/(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[          ] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)**

--- Page 106 ---
105 
 
 
[(i)/(ii)/(iii)] 
Estimated 
total 
expenses: 
[          ]. [Expenses are required to be broken down into 
each principal intended "use" and presented in order of 
priority of such "uses"]** 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and 
Fixed Reset Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (for Notes bearing Floating Rate Interests only)** 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Details of performance of [•] rate can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
8. 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING(S) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Need to include details of the Underlying, the relevant ISIN code (if applicable), the relevant 
Information Source, as well as the Index Sponsor (in the case of indices) and where information 
about it can be obtained, where past and future performance and volatility of the Underlying 
can be obtained and the relevant Basket Constituent in case of Baskets] 
[Need to include index disclaimer in case of index as Underlying.] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
[Common Code] [●] 
[specify other security 
identification code, if 
any]: 
[          ] [Not applicable] 
[(iii)] 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[The Notes will settle in Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A.. The Notes will also be 
made eligible for CREST via the issue of CDIs 
representing the Notes] 
[(iv)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[(v)] 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ] [Not applicable]  
[(vi)] Name(s) and address(es) of 
Listing Agent(s) (only 
applicable for Listing 
[          ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 107 ---
106 
 
 
Agent(s) other than the 
Luxembourg Listing 
Agent: 
[(vii)] 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper, that is held under the new 
safekeeping structure (NSS))] [include this text for 
registered notes which are to be held under the NSS]] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is 
held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS))] 
[include this text for registered notes which are to be 
held under the NSS]]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank (“ECB”) being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses]** 
of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments]**: 
[Not applicable/give names [and addresses and 
underwriting commitments] **] 
 
(Including names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers 
and an indication of the material features of the 
agreements, including, where applicable, the quotas.  
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of

--- Page 108 ---
107 
 
 
the portion not covered.  Also provide an indication of 
the placing commission)** 
(ii) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement**: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager (if 
any): 
[Not applicable/give name [and address, if not provided 
under above paragraph]**] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name 
[and 
address]** 
of 
relevant 
Manager, 
if 
applicable: 
[Not applicable/give name [and address]**] 
(v) 
Total commission and 
concession**: 
[[          ] per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
[specify other]** 
(vi) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S compliance category 2]; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Public Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of 
this paragraph (vii) and also paragraph 11 below) 
Public Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] [and] [Republic of 
Ireland] [and] [Republic of Italy] [and] [Hungary] [and] 
[Slovak Republic] [and] [Croatia] [and] [Austria] [and] 
[Belgium] [and] [Portugal] 
Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as 
"the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [    ] Business 
Days thereafter"] 
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] 
General Consent: 
[Not applicable][Applicable] 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not applicable][Add here any other Authorised Offeror 
Terms]. 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included here 
where General Consent is applicable.) 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a public 
offer in relevant jurisdictions.  No such offer should be 
made 
in 
any 
relevant 
jurisdiction 
until 
those 
requirements have been met. Public offers may only be

--- Page 109 ---
108 
 
 
made into jurisdictions in which the Base Prospectus 
(and any supplement) has been notified/passported.) 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER** 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 10(vii) above is specified to be Not applicable because there is 
no Public Offer) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][Not applicable][specify details] 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
The time period, including any 
possible amendments, during which 
the offer will be open: 
See Offer Period specified in paragraph 10 of PART B 
above.  
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding amounts paid in excess 
by applicants: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying to applicants 
of the amount allotted and an 
indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 110 ---
109 
 
 
purchaser: 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph 10 of 
PART B above and identifiable from the Base 
Prospectus/None/give details]. 
Name(s) and address(es) of the 
entities 
which 
have 
a 
firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries in secondary market 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of its/their 
commitment: 
[[specify] will be appointed as registered market 
maker[s] when the Notes are issued/None/give details] 
[The Issuer will publish [on every Business Day] [on his 
website] an indicative value of the Notes, [taking into 
consideration 
[●]] 
[pursuant 
to 
the 
following 
determination method: [●]]. 
Notes: 
* 
Delete if minimum denomination is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as at the date of issue) 
** 
Delete if minimum denomination is €100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at 
the date of issue)

--- Page 111 ---
110 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
 
[Insert completed issue specific summary of the Notes, unless minimum denomination is equal to or greater 
than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)]]

--- Page 112 ---
111 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the Conditions), which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange (if any) and specified by the Issuer at the time of issue but, if not 
so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such 
Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to 
the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Issuer) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(ii) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a Note in global form (a Global Note, which term shall 
include any Bearer Global Note or Registered Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(iii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated on or about 16 June 2023 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch6 in its 
capacity as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor agent), transfer agent (Transfer Agent) and the other paying agents 
named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor paying agents) and BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the 
Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar). The Principal Paying Agent, Registrar 
and Transfer Agent are referred together as the Agent. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or 
coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note and complete these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this 
Note. References to the applicable Final Terms or relevant Final Terms are to the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
 
6 BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide network covering 
different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst 
keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.

--- Page 113 ---
112 
 
 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the Deed of 
Covenant) dated on or about 16 June 2023 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant 
is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Agent and the other Paying Agent (such Agents being 
together referred to as the Agents). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the 
registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents and copies may be obtained 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents save that, if this Note is neither 
listed on a stock exchange nor admitted to trading on any market, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. If the Notes 
are to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market, the Final Terms will 
be published on the website of Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these 
Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. In the case of any inconsistency 
between the applicable Final Terms and the Conditions, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
General Definitions 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties 
to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) in the case of a Successor Rate if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; 
or

--- Page 114 ---
113 
 
 
(iii) if no such recommendation has been made, the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iv) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
the case may be). 
Affiliate means, in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Amortised Face Amount means, in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, an amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(
)
y
AY
1
RP
+

 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 
360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
Basket means, in relation to Structured Rate Interest Amounts and Mandatory Early Redemption Amounts, 
a portfolio composed of two or more financial reference assets (each a Basket Constituent) from among 
those set out in the definition of Underlying below as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Basket Calculation means, in relation to Structured Rate Interest Amounts and Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amounts, the method used in order to determine the value of the Basket, where, at any time, 
the value of the Basket will be equal to the sum of the single values of the Basket Constituent at such time, 
divided by the single value of the Basket Constituent at time "0", and multiplied by the relevant Basket 
Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent comprised in the same Basket in accordance with the 
following formula:  
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= ∑𝐶𝑡
𝑖
𝐶0
𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
× 𝑊𝑖 
Where: 
"𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡" is the value of Basket at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 115 ---
114 
 
 
"t" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"𝐶𝑡
𝑖" is the value of Basket Constituent "i" at time "t"; 
"𝐶0
𝑖" is the value of Basket Constituent "i" at time "0"; 
"𝑊𝑖" is the weighting of Basket Constituent "i"; and 
"𝑛" is the number of the Basket Constituents, 
provided that, if there are two or more Interim Initial Observation Dates, the values of the Basket 
Constituents at time "0" will correspond to the arithmetic mean of the relevant values of each Basket 
Constituent determined on such Interim Initial Observation Dates. The Initial Reference Value of the Basket 
will be equal, by definition, to 1; 
Basket Constituent Weight means the weighting of each Basket Constituent within the Basket, expressed 
as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms from time to time in relation to the single issue; 
Bearer Global Note means a global note (temporary (a Temporary Global Note) or permanent) in bearer 
form; 
Benchmark Event means:  
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such 
benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, or will cease, 
publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that 
means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that, in the 
view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying; or  
(vi) it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without 
limitation, the adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in Article 
35 of the Benchmark Regulation or other provisions under the Benchmark Regulation, if applicable); 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Reference Rate methodology does 
not constitute a Benchmark Event. In the event of a change in the formula and/or (mathematical or other) 
methodology used to measure the Relevant Benchmark, reference shall be made to the Reference Rate 
based on the formula and/or methodology as changed; 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of the European Union 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as

--- Page 116 ---
115 
 
 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each 
Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency or, as the case may be, Payment 
Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal Financial Centre of the country 
of the relevant Specified Currency or, as the case may be, Payment Currency; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open; 
Calculation Amount means the amount specified in the “Calculation Amount” field in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Calculation Entity means the entity responsible for the calculation and publication of the Reference Rate 
that will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
Clearstream, Luxembourg means Clearstream Banking, S.A.. 
CMS Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five leading 
swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London 
office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York 
City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent (or selected by the Issuer, if the Calculation Agent is the Principal Paying 
Agent). 
Day Count Fraction means: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant Interest Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Determination Period during which the relevant Interest Period ends, 
the number of days in such Interest Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Interest Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Interest Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Interest Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Interest Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 117 ---
116 
 
 
(B) 
the number of days in such Interest Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms,: 
(i) 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes bearing Fixed Rate Interest only, if "30/360" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and including) the most 
recent Interest Accrual Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 118 ---
117 
 
 
excluding) the next relevant accrual date (such number of days being calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(g) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(h) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 119 ---
118 
 
 
such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30; 
Determination Date means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the Interest Payment 
Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and 
ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
EURIBOR means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate; 
Euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Index Sponsor means, in relation to an index Underlying, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such 
index on a regular basis during each Business Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified 
for such index in the applicable Final Terms; 
Information Source means, in relation to Structured Rate Interest Amounts and Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amounts, the information source that publishes the reference value of the Underlying. The 
Information Source will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and may include, without limitation, third-
party information providers (such as Bloomberg or Reuters), a supervisory authority or a central bank, a 
regulated market or other trading venue manager or a third-party intermediary.  
Instalment Amount(s) means the amount(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which may 
be the same, increase or decrease over the life of the Notes; 
Instalment Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Instalment Notes means, if the applicable Final Terms specified that the Notes are Instalment Notes, the 
Notes that will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Accrual Date(s) means, in relation to a Fixed Rate (the Fixed Interest Accrual Date), or in 
relation to a Fixed Reset Rate (the Fixed Reset Interest Accrual Date), or in relation to a Floating Rate 
(the Floating Interest Accrual Date), or in relation to a Call Interest Amount (the Call Interest Accrual 
Date), or in relation to a Put Interest Amount (the Put Interest Accrual Date), or in relation to a Digital 
Interest Amount (the Digital Interest Accrual Date), or in relation to a Range Accrual Interest Amount 
(the Range Accrual Interest Accrual Date), or in relation to a Spread Interest Amount (the Spread 
Interest Accrual Date), the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
Interest Amount means (i) in relation to a Structured Rate Note the “Structured Rate Interest Amount”, 
or (iv) in relation to a Fixed Rate Note, the “Fixed Coupon Amount”, or (iii) in relation to a Fixed Reset 
Rate Note, the “Fixed Reset Interest Amount”, or (iv) in relation to a Floating Rate Note, the “Floating

--- Page 120 ---
119 
 
 
Interest Amount”, calculated in accordance with Condition 3(a), Condition 3(b), Condition 3(c) or 
Condition 3(d). In any case, the Interest Amount will not result in an amount lower than zero;  
Interest Commencement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Interest Payment Date means one or more Business Day(s), specified in the applicable Final Terms, on 
which the Issuer shall pay, in arrear the Fixed Coupon Amounts (the Fixed Interest Payment Date), the 
Fixed Reset Interest Amounts (the Fixed Reset Interest Payment Date), the Floating Interest Amounts 
(the Floating Interest Payment Date), the Call Interest Amounts (the Call Interest Payment Date), the 
Put Interest Amounts (the Put Interest Payment Date), the Digital Interest Amounts (the Digital Interest 
Payment Date), the Range Accrual Interest Amounts (the Range Accrual Interest Payment Date) and 
the Spread Interest Amounts (the Spread Interest Payment Date); 
Interest Period means, in relation to a Fixed Rate (the Fixed Interest Period), or in relation to a Fixed 
Reset Rate (the Fixed Reset Interest Period), or in relation to a Floating Rate (the Floating Interest 
Period), or in relation to a Call Interest Amount (the Call Interest Period), or in relation to a Put Interest 
Amount (the Put Interest Period), or in relation to a Digital Interest Amount (the Digital Interest Period), 
or in relation to a Range Accrual Interest Amount (the Range Accrual Interest Period), or in relation to a 
Spread Interest Amount (the Spread Interest Period), the period beginning on (and including) the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Date (or, failing this, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on (but excluding) the Interest Accrual Date (or, in case of Fixed Reset Rate Interest, the next Reset Date) 
of the relevant interest amount; 
Italian Bail-in Power means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including, but 
not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity 
(or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); 
Italian Resolution Authority means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other 
country in which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary responsibility for 
the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer acting in its capacity as resolution authority within 
the meaning of Article 2(18) of the BRRD; 
Long Maturity Note means a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon 
attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that 
such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in Luxembourg. 
MREL Disqualification Event means, in relation to Notes that qualify as MREL eligible liabilities in the 
applicable Final Terms, the event occurring if, at any time, by reason of the introduction of, or a change in, 
the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date, all or part 
of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from 
the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements provided that:  
(i) 
the exclusion of a Series of such Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining

--- Page 121 ---
120 
 
 
maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event;  
(ii) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there 
being insufficient headroom for such Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise 
applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities (to the extent applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo 
and/or the Group) does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and  
(iii) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of such Notes from the MREL Requirements as a result 
of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo or as a result of a purchase 
which is funded directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo, does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event;  
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies 
relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or 
the Group, from time to time (including any applicable transitional or grandfathering provisions), including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory 
technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
adopted by the Republic of Italy, a Relevant Authority or the European Banking Authority from time to 
time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to Intesa 
Sanpaolo and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to 
time;  
Other Overnight Rate means an overnight risk free rate other than SONIA and SOFR, appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service, which may be specified as the Reference Rate for 
Notes bearing Floating Rate Interests; 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency or, as the case may be, Payment 
Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the relevant Specified Currency or, as the case may be, Payment Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency or, as the case may be, Payment Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
Principal Financial Centre means, as applicable, the capital city of the country issuing the Specified 
Currency; provided, however, that with respect to United States Dollars, Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, the Principal Financial Center shall be New York, Sydney; and Auckland, respectively;

--- Page 122 ---
121 
 
 
Qualifying Notes means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities; (C) have the same Rate of Interest 
and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes that qualify 
as eligible liabilities; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Notes that qualify as eligible 
liabilities; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) 
the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power); and (G) other than 
in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian 
Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Notes that qualify as 
eligible liabilities, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, 
than the terms of the Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution. 
Rate Days Count Fraction means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the ratio to be 
applied to the Call Performance, the Put Performance, the In Range Yield, the Out Range Yield, the Spread 
(in relation to Underlyings other than interest rates, inflation rates or swap rates), for the calculation of the 
relevant Interest Amount, expressed as a formula as follows: 
Rate Days Count Fraction = 
𝐷
𝑑𝑐 
where: 
“D” means the number of calendar days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“dc” means the number of calendar days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Banks means the bank(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, four  major banks 
selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with 
the Reference Rate; 
Reference Rate means the reference rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Rate Administrator means the administrator of the reference rate specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Registered Global Note means a global note in registered form; 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Relevant Authority means the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, or any successor authority having 
responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group within the framework of the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and in accordance with the 
applicable MREL Requirements and/or, as the context may require, the Italian resolution authority, the

--- Page 123 ---
122 
 
 
Single Resolution Board established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, and/or any other authority 
in Italy or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in 
Power or having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo 
from time to time; 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; 
Relevant Regulations means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, guidelines and policies 
of the competent authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority, or of the European Parliament and Council 
then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), (including, but not limited to, 
as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD IV, CRR, 
the BRRD and the SRMR, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European Commission and 
guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority); 
Relevant Financial Centre means the relevant financial centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
SOFR has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(2); 
SONIA means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) in each case on the London Banking 
Dayimmediately following; 
Structured Rate Interest Amount means the “Call Interest Amount”, the “Put Interest Amount”, the 
“Digital Interest Amount”, the “Range Accrual Interest Amount”, the “Spread Interest Amount”, 
calculated in accordance with Condition 3(a); 
Sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent; 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that 
the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to or replacement of the 
relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
Substitute Rate means the reference rate that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 124 ---
123 
 
 
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (previously known as 
TARGET2 System) or any successor or replacement for that system; 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
Underlying means, in relation to Structured Rate Interest Amounts and/or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amounts, the financial asset specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of the determination of a 
Structured Rate Interest and/or the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Event. 
The Underlying(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be one or more of the following: 
shares, indices (which will not be an index composed by the Issuer or any legal entities of the group), 
commodities, futures contracts, exchange rates, inflation rates, interest rates, funds, swap rates and Baskets 
composed of the aforementioned financial assets. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify, in relation to the applicable Underlying, the ISIN code (if applicable), 
the relevant Information Source, details of where the information about the Underlying can be obtained, as 
well as the Index Sponsor (in the case of indices). 
The Underlyings may be the same until the Maturity Date (and identical for all the Interest Periods and/or 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Periods) or differ in relation to each Interest Period and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Period as specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 125 ---
124 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or registered form (Registered Notes) and, in the case of 
definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or an interest therein and vice versa. For any 
Note, the applicable Final Terms may specify whether such Note is a Dual Currency Interest Note and/or a 
Dual Currency Redemption Note (together, Dual Currency Notes). 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations specified by the Issuer in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on an exchange within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 
1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency).  
For any Note, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether such Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed 
Reset Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a Structured Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. This Note may be a 
non-interest bearing Note, if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with coupons for the payment of interest (Coupons) attached, unless 
they are Zero Coupon Notes or non-interest bearing Notes in which case references to Coupons and 
Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable, and, if applicable, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery and title to Registered 
Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in the Register (as defined below) and surrender of the Bearer 
Notes in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except 
as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice 
to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraphs. 
The Issuer has appointed the Registrar at its office specified below to act as registrar of the Registered 
Notes. The Issuer shall cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar for the time being at 60 
avenue J.F. Kennedy L-2085 Luxembourg, a register (the Register) on which shall be entered, inter alia, 
the name and address of the holder entitled to payments of principal and stated interest on the Registered 
Notes, the amount and type of the Registered Notes held by each holder and particulars of all transfers of 
title to the Registered Notes. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error and the 
Issuer and the Agents may treat the person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions as the holder of such Notes for purposes of the payment of principal or interest on such 
Notes. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer Global Note or a Registered Global Note held 
on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of

--- Page 126 ---
125 
 
 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered 
holder (as shown in the Register) of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and 
any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  References 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(i) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected only through 
the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg  as the case 
may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such 
clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Registered Notes 
in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in 
the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance 
with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg  as the case may be and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement. 
(ii) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
 
Subject as provided in paragraph (v) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (a) 
surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or 
the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders 
thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (b) complete 
and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, and upon being satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request, enter the 
name of the transferee of the definitive Registered Notes in the Register as the noteholder 
of the Registered Notes. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations 
as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the 
Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business 
days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is 
located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the

--- Page 127 ---
126 
 
 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer 
of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive 
form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so 
authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(iii) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 5, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, 
called for partial redemption. 
(iv) 
Costs of registration 
 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may 
be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(v) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in 
a Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. Prior to expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period (as defined below), transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Registered Global Note may be made to a transferee in the United 
States or who is a U.S. person under Regulation S (or for the account or benefit of such 
person) only pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
US or any other jurisdiction. 
 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes. 
(c)  
Transfers of Bearer Notes 
For so long as the Bearer Notes are represented by a Bearer Global Note, all transactions (including transfers 
of Notes) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account with Euroclear, or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any transfer or attempted transfer of Bearer Notes within the United States or its possessions or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a United States person in violation of the TEFRA Rules (as defined in General 
Description of the Programme: Form of Notes) shall be null and void ab initio and shall vest no rights in 
the purported transferee (the “Disqualified Transferee”), and the last preceding holder that was not a 
Disqualified Transferee shall be restored to all rights as a noteholder thereof retroactively to the date of 
transfer of such interest by the relevant noteholder. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES

--- Page 128 ---
127 
 
 
The Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required 
to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Notes that are intended to be eligible for the purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities ("MREL") are subject to certain restrictions which will increase in the future – following 
the full applicability of the relevant provisions arising from the MREL Requirements. 
In particular, in relation to Series of Notes issued in order to satisfy the MREL Requirements: 
(i) 
the Noteholders unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy which they might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Notes; 
(ii) 
claims arising from such Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other 
arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims by the Issuer or by other entities related to 
the Issuer; 
(iii) 
to the extent that the Issuer intends to qualify Series of Notes as eligible liabilities in accordance 
with article 45c paragraph 2 lett. b) of the BRRD II and 12c paragraph 2 lett. b) of the SRMR II, 
the value of the claim arising from such Series of Notes in cases of the insolvency and of the 
resolution of the Issuer is fixed or increasing, and does not exceed the initially paid-up amount of 
Notes, under all relevant laws and regulations amended from time to time, which are and will be 
applicable to the Issuer.  
(iv) 
for the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
3. 
INTEREST PROVISIONS 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Structured Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Notes, 
Fixed Reset Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, or any combination of the foregoing. 
The applicable Final Terms may also indicate that the Notes are Dual Currency Interest Notes. 
Where the Notes are specified to be Structured Rate Notes, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will 
be calculated in accordance with Condition 3(a) below. Where the Notes are specified to be Fixed Rate 
Notes, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) 
below. Where the Notes are specified to be Floating Rate Notes, the interest payable in respect of the Notes 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3(c) below. 
Where the Notes are specified to be Fixed Reset Rate Notes, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will 
be calculated in accordance with Condition 3(d) below. 
Where the Notes are specified to be any combination of the foregoing, the interest payable in respect of the 
Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3(a), Condition 3(b), Condition 3(c) or Condition 
3(d) below, each applicable for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Where the Notes are specified to be Dual Currency Interest Notes, all payments of interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in a currency (the Payment Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  The relevant 
rate of exchange of the Specified Currency into the Payment Currency (such rate of exchange, the 
Reference Exchange Rate) shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7 below.

--- Page 129 ---
128 
 
 
In any case, the Interest Amount will not result in an amount lower than zero. 
(a) 
Structured Rate Interest  
This Condition 3(a) applies to Notes bearing Structured Rate Interest only. The applicable Final 
Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of structured rate interest and must be read 
in conjunction with this Condition 3(a) for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on the Notes. The applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest (where Digital Interest is applicable), the Interest 
Amount(s) (where one of the following, as described below, is applicable: Call Interest, Put Interest, 
Range Accrual Interest and Spread Interest), the Interest Payment Date(s), the Interest Accrual Dates, 
the Rate Days Count Fraction (if applicable), the Day Count Fraction and the Business Day 
Convention. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable Final Terms either (x) as the same 
Rate of Interest for all Interest Periods or (y) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more 
Interest Periods. Notes may also provide for a Maximum Rate of Interest (also referred to as the 
Maximum Rate) or a Minimum Rate of Interest (also referred to as the Minimum Rate), determined 
in accordance with Condition 3(i) below. 
Interest calculated by reference to a structured rate (Structured Rate Interest) will be payable in 
respect of each Interest Period as set out in this Condition (a). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Where the Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Not 
applicable", the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention.  
I. 
CALL INTEREST 
I-1: For the purposes of this sub-paragraph I:  
Best Of Option means (i) where there is a single Underlying or Basket, the method by which the 
Calculation Agent selects the Best Of value, being the first, the second or the third and so forth (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), as the case may be, best performance of such Underlying or Basket amongst 
those determined in two or more periods specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) where there are two 
or more Underlyings, or two or more Baskets, the method by which the Calculation Agent selects the Best 
Of Underlying or Basket, as the case may be, being the Underlying or Basket with the first, the second or 
the third and so forth (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) best performance compared with the other 
Underlyings or Baskets, as the case may be;

--- Page 130 ---
129 
 
 
Call Interest Amount means the interest amount determined in the manner set out in this paragraph I; 
Call Interest Payment Date means one or more Business Day(s), specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
on which the Issuer shall pay in arrear the relevant Call Interest Amount; 
Call Option means an option that provides exposure to the performance of an Underlying, calculated as a 
single value (a European Call Option) or calculated as an arithmetic mean (an Asian Call Option), in 
each case to the extent of the relevant Participation Factor. If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Call Option (and, as a result, the calculation of the Call Performance) may be applicable and/or not 
applicable dependent upon the occurrence, respectively, of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event; 
Call Performance means the performance of the Underlying determined as specified below in paragraph 
I-4; 
Call Strike means the value used in the calculation of the Underlying's performance, being the level that is 
compared to the Final Reference Value in order to determine the performance of the Underlying; 
Cliquet Option means a method of calculation of the performance of the Underlying which is based on a 
series of forward start options. Each option will enter into force on the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Call Strike of each forward start option is reset when the option enters into force. 
Final Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Final Reference Value means the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as the 
case may be, determined on the Final Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent 
or single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of 
a Basket, the value determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". When the 
Underlying is represented by a futures contract and if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature and 
Rolling are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, means the value of the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by on the Final Observation Date;  
Futures Contract N-th Near-by means, if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as 
applicable, the n-th futures contract that has the same features of the futures contract indicated as 
Underlying. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify:  
(i) 
the ordinal number of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by to be used for the determination of the: 
- 
Initial Reference Value or the Interim Initial Reference Value and/or  
- 
the Reference Value and/or the Interim Final Reference Value or the Final Reference Value; 
and  
(ii) 
if the Initial Reference Value or the Interim Initial Reference Value of the Underlying will be 
determined on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by. In such case, the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by will be the n-th futures contract that has an expiration date which is the closest (but 
beyond) to the Initial Observation Date or Interim Initial Observation Date(s); and/or  
(iii) 
if Rolling is specified as applicable. In such case, the Reference Value and/or the Interim Final 
Reference Value or the Final Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the Futures 
Contract N-th Near-by that will be the n-th futures contract with an expiration date which is the

--- Page 131 ---
130 
 
 
closest (but beyond) to any observation date/period during the lifetime of the Notes and/or to the 
Interim Final Observation Date(s) or to the Final Observation Date.  
When the Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the futures contract indicated as Underlying, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant N-th Near-by Initial Date and/or the relevant Rollover 
Date(s). On the N-th Near-by Initial Date and/or the Rollover Dates, the Noteholders will be notified 
through a notice published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature means, if specified as applicable and when the Underlying is a 
futures contract, the feature pursuant to which the Calculation Agent will be entitled to determine, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Initial Reference Value or Interim Initial Reference Value will be determined on the basis of 
a Futures Contract N-th Near-by; and/or 
(ii) 
if Rolling is specified as applicable. In such case, the Reference Value in relation to any observation 
date/period during the lifetime of the Notes and/or the Interim Final Reference Value or the Final 
Reference Value will be determined on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by; 
Himalaya Option means the method of calculation of the performance of a Basket based on a selection 
process in accordance with which, in each Himalaya Valuation Period, the Basket Constituent having the 
best Performance (each Performance of the Basket Constituent will be determined according to paragraph 
1(A) or 1(B) below as the case may be and as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be selected and 
removed from the Basket for each subsequent Himalaya Valuation Period(s) relating to the same Call 
Interest Payment Date (but shall not be removed in respect of subsequent Call Interest Payment Dates). 
Therefore, once the Basket Constituent has been selected in relation to a Himalaya Valuation Period, it will 
not be taken into account for the following Himalaya Valuation Period(s) relating to the same Call Interest 
Payment Date. On each such subsequent Himalaya Valuation Period, other best performing Basket 
Constituents will be selected and removed from the Basket for each subsequent Himalaya Valuation 
Period(s) relating to the same Call Interest Payment Date. As a result, for the purposes of the calculation of 
the Call Performance, the Calculation Agent will consider the arithmetic mean of the performance of the 
Basket Constituents having the best Performances in the relevant Himalaya Valuation Periods according to 
the selection process described above in this definition.   
Himalaya Valuation Period(s) means the period(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For 
avoidance of doubt, there are more than one Himalaya Valuation Period in relation to the same Call Interest 
Payment Date; 
Initial Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Initial Reference Value means (a) the predetermined value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms or 
(b) the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as the case may be, determined on 
the Initial Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single Underlying, the 
value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the Information Source is not 
available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of a Basket, the value 
determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". When the Underlying is represented 
by a futures contract and the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as applicable, if in the 
relevant Final Terms is specified that the Initial Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by, means the value of such Futures Contract N-th Near-by on the Initial 
Observation Date;  
Interim Final Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interim Final Reference Value means  the value of relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as 
the case may be, determined on the Interim Final Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket

--- Page 132 ---
131 
 
 
Constituent or single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final 
Terms or, if the Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or 
(ii) in the case of a Basket, the value determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". 
When the Underlying is represented by a futures contract and if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature 
and Rolling are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, means the value of the Futures Contract 
N-th Near-by on the Interim Final Observation Date;  
Interim Initial Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interim Initial Reference Value means (a) the predetermined value(s) indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the value of relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as the case may be, determined 
on the Interim Initial Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single 
Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of 
a Basket, the value determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". When the 
Underlying is represented by a futures contract and the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified 
as applicable, if in the relevant Final Terms is specified that the Interim Initial Reference Value will be 
determined on the basis of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by, means the value of such Futures Contract N-
th Near-by on the Interim Initial Observation Date(s);  
Knock-in Event means the event specified in the applicable Final Terms that has to occur on a Knock-in 
Observation Date or at any time during the Knock-in Observation Period (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) for the Call Option to be applicable. The Knock-in Event will occur when the Reference Value of 
a single Underlying or Basket, on the relevant Knock-in Observation Date(s) or at any time during a Knock-
in Observation Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A) is higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) a value (the Knock-in Level); or 
(B)  falls within a range of values (the Knock-in Range) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-in Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-in Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-out Event means the event specified in the applicable Final Terms that has to occur on a Knock-
out Observation Date or at any time during the Knock-out Observation Period (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the Call Option to not be applicable. The Knock-out Event will occur when the Reference 
Value of a single Underlying or Basket, on the relevant Knock-out Observation Date(s) or at any time 
during a Knock-out Observation Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A) is higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) a value (the Knock-out Level); or 
(B)  falls within a range of values (the Knock-out Range) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-out Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-out Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Margin means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms which may be the same throughout 
all the Call Interest Periods, or it may be different in relation to each Call Interest Period, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
Multiplier Factor or P means the multiplier used for the determination of the performance of the 
Underlying and which (i) may be higher than, or lower than, or equal to 1 (i.e. 100%) or equal to 0 and (ii) 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
N-th Near-by Initial Date means, when the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as

--- Page 133 ---
132 
 
 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and that the Initial Reference Value or Interim Initial Reference 
Value will be determined on the basis of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by, the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on which the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will replace the futures contract 
indicated as Underlying. 
As soon as the Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the futures contract on the N-th Near-by Initial Date, 
the Noteholders will be notified of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by which will be the Underlying, by a 
notice published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Participation Factor or PF means the multiplier used to determine the extent of the exposure to the 
performance of the Underlying and which (i) may be higher than, or lower than, or equal to 1 (i.e. 100%) 
or equal to 0 and (ii) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Rainbow Option means a method for calculating the relevant Call Interest Amount when the Underlying 
is constituted by a Basket. Pursuant to such method of calculation, the Issuer will specify in the applicable 
Final Terms the weightings (expressed as percentages) of the Basket Constituents in the Basket and then 
such weightings will be assigned to each Basket Constituent on the basis of such Basket Constituent's 
performance compared to the performances of the other Basket Constituents.  
Reference Value means the value of the Underlying, Basket Constituent or Basket, as the case may be, 
which will be (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single Underlying, either (A) if the Final Terms 
specify a Knock-in Observation Period or Knock-out Observation Period, observed continuously in the 
regular trading hours during such observation period, as displayed on the applicable Information Source 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (B) otherwise, on any Knock-in Observation Date(s) or 
Knock-out Observation Date(s), published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms; or (ii) in the case 
of a Basket, determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". When the Underlying is 
represented by a futures contract and if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature and Rolling are specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, means the value of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by on the 
relevant observation date/period;  
Rolling means the feature that may be specified as applicable when the Futures Contract N-th Near-by 
Feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to which the Issuer will be entitled 
to determine the Reference Value in relation to any observation date during the lifetime of the Notes and/or 
Interim Final Reference Value or the Final Reference Value on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-
by; 
Rollover Date(s) means, if Rolling is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will replace the futures 
contract indicated as the Underlying in the applicable Final Terms. As soon as the Futures Contract N-th 
Near-by replaces the futures contract specified as Underlying on the Rollover Date, the Noteholders will 
be notified of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by which will be the Underlying, by a notice published on 
the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Worst Of Option means (i) where there is a single Underlying or Basket, the method by which the 
Calculation Agent selects the Worst Of value as the case may be, being the first, the second or the third 
and so forth (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) worst performance of such Underlying or Basket 
amongst those determined in two or more periods specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) where 
there are two or more Underlyings, or two or more Baskets, the method by which the Calculation Agent 
selects the Worst Of Underlying or Basket being the Underlying or Basket with the first, the second or the 
third and so forth (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) worst performance compared with the other 
Underlyings or Baskets, as the case may be.

--- Page 134 ---
133 
 
 
I-2: 
Call Interest provides exposure, to the extent of the relevant Participation Factor, to the performance of an 
Underlying, calculated as a single value (if the applicable Final Terms specify as applicable European Call 
Option) or calculated as an arithmetic mean (if the applicable Final Terms specify as applicable Asian Call 
Option). 
Each Call Interest Amount will be paid to the Noteholder in arrear on the relevant Call Interest Payment 
Date. The Maturity Date may fall on the same day as the Call Interest Payment Date or, if there is more 
than one Call Interest Payment Date, it may fall on one of the Call Interest Payment Dates. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether, in relation to one or more Call Interest Amounts, the 
Maximum Rate and/or the Minimum Rate, the Best Of Option, the Worst Of Option, the Rainbow Option 
and/or the Cliquet Option are applicable. 
Call Interest Amounts may be equal to zero, depending on the performance of the relevant Underlying and 
on the Minimum Rate of Interest (if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms). 
I-3: 
The amount of each Call Interest Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the applicable formula set out in paragraph I-4, where such amount shall be rounded to the nearest EUR 
cent, (with 0.005 EUR being rounded upwards) and it will be equal to the product of (A) the Calculation 
Amount, (B) the lower of (i) the Maximum Rate (if applicable); and (ii) the higher of (x) the Minimum 
Rate (if applicable) and (y) the Participation Factor (if applicable) multiplied by the higher of (a) 0 and (b) 
the Call Performance multiplied by the Rate Days Count Fraction (if applicable), and increased or 
decreased by the Margin (if applicable) and (C) the Day Count Fraction (if applicable). 
Whether or not the Call Option is applicable (and, as a result, whether the Call Performance will be 
calculated) may depend on the occurrence, respectively, of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
The Participation Factor may be equal to, lower than or higher than 1 (100%) or equal to 0. In the case the 
Participation Factor is equal to 100%, the Call Interest Amount will depend upon the total performance of 
the Underlying. Conversely, if the applicable Participation Factor is lower than 100%, the Call Interest 
Amount will depend upon a fraction of the performance of the Underlying. Finally, if the applicable 
Participation Factor is higher than 100%, the Call Interest Amount will depend upon a multiple of the 
performance of the Underlying; 
I-4: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether, for the purpose of the calculation of the Call Interest 
Amount, the Maximum Rate and/or the Minimum Rate and/or the Participation Factor and/or the Margin 
will be applicable and the formula with only the components specified as applicable will be reflected in the 
relevant item “Call Interest Amount”. The formula applicable to the calculation of a Call Interest Amount 
is as follows: 
C = CA  min {Maximum Rate; max {Minimum Rate; [PF  max (0; Call Performance Rate 
Days Count Fraction) + Margin] }}  Day Count Fraction 
or 
C = CA  min {Maximum Rate; max {Minimum Rate; [PF  max (0; Call Performance Rate 
Days Count Fraction) - Margin] }}  Day Count Fraction

--- Page 135 ---
134 
 
 
Where: 
C means the Call Interest Amount; 
CA means the Calculation Amount of the Notes; 
PF means the Participation Factor;   
Call Performance means: 
1) If the Call Interest is linked to a single financial asset (and not a Basket): the performance of the 
relevant Underlying (the Single Performance), calculated as:  
(A) 
where European Call Option is applicable (the Single Performance SV): 
The value of the relevant Underlying (the Underlying(i)) determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Single Performance(i) SV =   
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙−𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
 
Where: 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍  means either (i) the Final Reference Value or (ii) the Interim Final 
Reference Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 means either (i) the Initial Reference Value or (ii) the Interim Initial 
Reference Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
where Asian Call Option is applicable (the Single Performance AM): 
The arithmetic mean of the value of the relevant Underlying (the Underlying(i)) 
determined in accordance with one of the following formulas specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Single Performance(i) AM =  
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−𝑃× 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
 
or 
Single Performance(i) AM =
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
 
or 
Single Performance(i) AM =
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 −𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒

--- Page 136 ---
135 
 
 
Where 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 means the Final Reference Value of the relevant Underlying;  
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 means the Initial Reference Value of the relevant Underlying; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆  means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Final Reference 
Values of the relevant Underlying. Such arithmetic mean and/or each Interim Final 
Reference Value may be subject to a cap (the Cap AM Final) and/or a floor (the Floor AM 
Final) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆  means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Initial Reference 
Values of the relevant Underlying. Such arithmetic mean and/or each Interim Initial 
Reference Value may be subject to a cap (the Cap AM Initial) and/or a floor (the Floor AM 
Initial) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2) If the Call Interest Amount is linked to a Basket: the performance of the relevant Basket (the 
Basket Performance) calculated as:  
(A) 
where European Call Option is applicable (the Basket Performance SV): 
(A1) The performance of the Basket (the Basket(i)) determined as the sum of the performance 
of each Basket Constituent multiplied by the Basket Constituent Weight, in accordance 
with one of the following formulas: 
Where the Cap is specified as applicable: 
Basket Performance(i) SV =  
∑𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝;  𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉) × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the Floor is specified as applicable: 
Basket Performance(i) SV =  
∑𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟;  𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉) × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where both the Cap and the Floor are specified as applicable: 
Basket Performance(i) SV =  
∑𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝; max(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟; 𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉)] × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
 
Where neither the Cap nor the Floor are specified as applicable: 
Basket Performance(i) SV = 
∑𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉 × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1

--- Page 137 ---
136 
 
 
Where: 
n means the number of the Basket Constituents; 
𝑺𝒊𝒏𝒈𝒍𝒆 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆(𝒊)𝑺𝑽 means the performance calculated for each Basket 
Constituent in accordance with the formula specified above at paragraph 1(A); 
W(i)  
means the Basket Constituent Weight. The Basket Constituent Weight may be:  
(i)  a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii)  if the Rainbow Option is specified as applicable, the weightings will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms but each of such weightings will be 
assigned to the Basket Constituents depending on the performance of the 
relevant Basket Constituent as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
Cap means, if applicable, the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Floor means, if applicable, the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
or 
(A2) The performance of the Basket (the Basket(i)) determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Basket Performance(i) SV =   
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙−𝑃×𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
 
Where: 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 means the Final Reference Value of the Basket;  
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 means the Initial Reference Value of the Basket equal, by definition, to 1; 
(B) 
where Asian Call Option is applicable (the Basket Performance AM), either: 
(B1) The arithmetic mean of the performance of the Basket (the Basket(i)) determined as the 
sum of the performances of the Basket Constituents in the Basket determined by reference 
to the arithmetic mean of the performance of each Basket Constituent multiplied by the 
relevant Basket Constituent Weight, in accordance with the following formula: 
Basket Performance(i) AM = ∑
𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝐴𝑀 × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
n means the number of the Basket Constituents; 
𝑺𝒊𝒏𝒈𝒍𝒆 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆(𝒊)𝑨𝑴 means the performance calculated as the arithmetic mean 
of the performance of each Basket Constituent determined in accordance with one of the 
formulas specified above at paragraph 1(B); 
W(i)  
means the Basket Constituent Weight. The Basket Constituent Weight may be:

--- Page 138 ---
137 
 
 
(i) 
a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii)  if the Rainbow Option is applicable, the weightings will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms but each of such weightings will be assigned to each 
Basket Constituent depending on the performance of the relevant Basket 
Constituent as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
or 
(B2) The arithmetic mean of the value of the Basket (the Basket(i)) determined in accordance 
with one of the following formulas as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Basket Performance(i) AM = 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−𝑃×𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
 
or 
Basket Performance(i) AM =
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−𝑃×𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
 
or 
Basket Performance(i) AM =
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 −𝑃×𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
 
Where 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕 (𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍  means the Final Reference Value of the Basket;  
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕 (𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍  means the Initial Reference Value of the Basket equal, by definition, to 1; 
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕 (𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆 means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Final Reference Values. 
Such arithmetic mean and/or each Interim Final Reference Value may be subject to a cap 
(the Cap AM Final) and/or a floor (the Floor AM Final) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕 (𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆 means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Initial Reference 
Values. Such arithmetic mean and/or each Interim Initial Reference Value may be subject 
to a cap (the Cap AM Initial) and/or a floor (the Floor AM Initial) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
The applicable formula of the Call Performance to be applied for the calculation of the Call Interest Amount 
will be reflected in the relevant item of the Final Terms “Formula for the calculation of the Call 
Performance” with only the applicable components. 
3) If the Best Of Option is applicable:  
(A) 
If the Call Interest Amount is linked to a single Underlying or a single Basket: 
 
The "n" best performance of the Underlying or Basket (where "n" may be the first, the

--- Page 139 ---
138 
 
 
second, the third and so forth best performance) selected by the Calculation Agent  from 
among the performances of the Underlying or Basket determined in two or more periods 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Best Performance). The Best Performance 
will be determined as follows: 
i. the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of the Underlying or Basket, for 
the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the formulas 
specified above at paragraph 1(A) or 1 (B) for single Underlying and at paragraph 2(A) 
or 2 (B) for single Basket;  
ii. the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in descending order, from the 
highest value to the lowest; 
iii. the Best Performance will be the performance, in such descending order, that matches 
the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Best Of Option. By 
way of example, if the Final Terms provide for the application of the First Best Of 
Option, the Best Performance will be the best Single Performance / Basket Performance 
among those determined for the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms; if the 
applicable Final Terms provide for the application of the Second Best Of Option, the 
Best Performance will be the second best Single Performance / Basket Performance 
among those determined for the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, and so 
forth. 
 
(B) 
If the Call Interest Amount is linked to two or more Underlyings or two or more Baskets: 
(B1)  if European Call Option is applicable, the performance of the Underlying with the "n" 
highest performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, the third and so forth best 
performance) (the Best Performance SV) of all the Underlyings or Baskets, as the case 
may be The Best Performance SV will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of each Underlying or Basket 
in accordance with the formulas specified above at paragraph 1(A) for Underlyings 
and at paragraph 2(A) for Baskets;  
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in descending order, from 
the highest value to the lowest; 
iii. 
the Best Performance SV will be the performance calculated as the value of the 
Underlying or Basket whose performance, in such descending order, matches the 
number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Best Of Option. By 
way of example, if the Final Terms provide for the application of the First Best Of 
Option, the Best Performance SV will be the performance of the Underlying or 
Basket with the best Single Performance SV / Basket Performance SV compared to 
the other Underlying or Baskets; if the Final Terms provide for the application of the 
Second Best Of Option, the Best Performance SV will be the performance of the 
Underlying or Basket with the second best Single Performance SV / Basket 
Performance SV compared to the other Underlyings or Baskets, and so forth. 
(B2)   if Asian Call Option is applicable, the performance of the Underlying calculated as an 
arithmetic mean with the "n" highest performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, 
the third and so forth best performance) (the Best Performance AM) of all the 
Underlyings or Baskets. The Best Performance AM will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance being equal to the arithmetic 
mean of the performance of each Underlying or Basket determined in accordance

--- Page 140 ---
139 
 
 
with the formulas specified above at paragraph 1(B) for Underlyings and at 
paragraph 2(B) for Baskets;  
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in descending order, from 
the highest value to the lowest; 
iii. 
the Best Performance AM will be the performance calculated as the arithmetic mean 
of the performance of the Underlying or Basket whose performance, in such 
descending order, matches the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Best Of Option. By way of example, if the Final Terms provide for 
the application of the First Best Of Option, the Best Performance AM will be the 
performance of the Underlying or Basket with the best Single Performance AM / 
Basket Performance AM compared to the other Underlyings or Baskets; if the Final 
Terms provide for the application of the Second Best Of Option, the Best 
Performance AM will be the performance of the Underlying or Basket with the 
second best Single Performance AM / Basket Performance AM compared to the 
other Underlyings or Baskets, and so forth. 
4) If the Worst Of Option is applicable: 
(A) 
If the Call Interest Amount is linked to a single Underlying or a single Basket: 
 
The "n" worst performance of the Underlying or Basket (where "n" may be the first, the 
second, the third and so forth worst performance) selected by the Calculation Agent from 
among the performances of the Underlying or Basket determined for two or more periods 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Worst Performance). In such case, the Worst 
Performance will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of the Underlying or Basket, 
for the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the 
formulas specified above at paragraph 1(A) or 1(B) for single Underlying and at 
paragraph 2(A) or 2(B) for single Basket;  
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in ascending order, from the 
lowest value to the highest; 
iii. 
the Worst Performance will be the performance, in such ascending order, that 
matches the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Worst 
Of Option. By way of example, if the Final Terms provide for the application of the 
First Worst Of Option, the Worst Performance will be the lowest Single Performance 
/ Basket Performance among those determined for the periods specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; if the applicable Final Terms provide for the application of 
the Second Worst Of Option, the Worst Performance will be the second lowest 
Single Performance / Basket Performance of those determined for the periods 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and so forth. 
 
(B) 
If the Call Interest is linked to two or more Underlyings or two or more Baskets: 
(B1)  if European Call Option is applicable, the performance calculated as the value of the 
Underlying with the "n" lowest performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, the 
third and so forth worst performance) (the Worst Performance SV) of all the 
Underlyings or Baskets The Worst Performance SV will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of each Underlying or Basket 
in accordance with the formulas specified above at paragraph 1(A) for single

--- Page 141 ---
140 
 
 
Underlyings and at paragraph 2(A) for Baskets;  
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in ascending order, from the 
lowest value to the highest; 
iii. 
the Worst Performance SV will be the performance calculated as the value of the 
Underlying or Basket whose performance, in such ascending order, matches the 
number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Worst Of Option. 
By way of example, if the Final Terms provide for the application of the First Worst 
Of Option, the Worst Performance SV will be the performance of the Underlying or 
Basket with the worst Single Performance SV / Basket Performance SV compared 
to the other Underlyings or Baskets; if the Final Terms provide for the application of 
the Second Worst Of Option, the Worst Performance SV will be the performance of 
the Underlying or Basket with the second worst Single Performance SV / Basket 
Performance SV compared to the other Underlyings or Baskets, and so forth. 
(B2) if Asian Call Option is applicable, the performance of the Underlying calculated as an 
arithmetic mean with the "n" lowest performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, 
the third and so forth worst performance) (the Worst Performance AM) of all other 
Underlyings or Baskets The Worst Performance AM will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance being equal to the arithmetic 
mean of the performance of each Underlying or Basket determined in accordance 
with the formulas specified above at paragraph 1(B) for Underlyings and at 
paragraph 2(B) for Baskets; 
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in ascending order, from the 
lowest value to the highest; 
iii. 
the Worst Performance AM will be the performance calculated as the arithmetic 
mean of the performance of the Underlying or Basket whose performance, in such 
ascending order, matches the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Worst Of Option. By way of example, if the Final Terms provide for 
the application of the First Worst Of Option, the Worst Performance AM will be the 
performance of the Underlying or Basket with the worst Single Performance AM / 
Basket Performance AM compared to the other Underlyings or Baskets; if the Final 
Terms provide for the application of the Second Worst Of Option, the Worst Of 
Performance AM will be the performance of the Underlying or Basket with the 
second worst Single Performance AM / Basket Performance AM compared to the 
other Underlyings or Baskets, and so forth.  
5) If the Himalaya Option is applicable (where the Call Interest is linked to a Basket):  
The relevant performance will be calculated by reference to the arithmetic average of the 
Performances of the Basket Constituents (each Performance of the Basket Constituent will be 
determined according to paragraph 1(A) or 1(B) above as the case may be and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) having the best performance for each relevant Himalaya Valuation Period 
but provided that, once a Basket Constituent has been determined to have the best performance 
for any Himalaya Valuation Period, such Basket Constituent's performance shall be disregarded 
for each subsequent Himalaya Valuation Period relating to the same Call Interest Payment Date 
(but shall not be disregarded in respect of subsequent Call Interest Payment Dates). As such, 
amounts due are not directly linked to any one Basket Constituent(s) and the positive performance 
of some Basket Constituent(s) may be offset by the negative performance of other Basket 
Constituent(s), particularly as a consistently high performing Basket Constituent will only have

--- Page 142 ---
141 
 
 
the first occurrence of its best performance (compared to other Basket Constituents) included in 
the calculation of the arithmetic average performance for the relevant Call Interest Payment Date. 
II. 
PUT INTEREST 
II-1: For the purposes of this sub-paragraph II:  
Best Of Option means (i) where there is a single Underlying or Basket, the method by which the 
Calculation Agent selects the Best Of value, being the first, the second or the third and so forth (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), as the case may be, best performance of such Underlying or Basket among 
those determined in two or more periods specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) where there are two 
or more Underlyings, or two or more Baskets, the method by which the Calculation Agent selects the Best 
Of Underlying or Basket, as the case may be, being the Underlying or Basket with the first, the second or 
the third and so forth (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) best performance compared with the other 
Underlyings or Baskets, as the case may be; 
Cliquet Option means a method of calculation of the performance of the Underlying which is based on a 
series of forward start options. Each option will enter into force on the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Put Strike of each forward start option is reset when the option enters into force. 
Final Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Reference Value means the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as the 
case may be, determined on the Final Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent 
or single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of 
a Basket, the value determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". When the 
Underlying is represented by a futures contract and if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature and 
Rolling are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, means the value of the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by on the Final Observation Date;  
Futures Contract N-th Near-by means, if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as 
applicable, the n-th futures contract that has the same features of the futures contract indicated as 
Underlying. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify:  
(i) 
the ordinal number of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by to be used for the determination of the: 
- 
Initial Reference Value or the Interim Initial Reference Value and/or  
- 
the Reference Value and/or the Interim Final Reference Value or the Final Reference Value; 
and  
(ii) 
if the Initial Reference Value or the Interim Initial Reference Value of the Underlying will be 
determined on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by. In such case, the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by will be the n-th futures contract that has an expiration date which is the closest (but 
beyond) to the Initial Observation Date or Interim Initial Observation Date(s); and/or  
(iii) 
if Rolling is specified as applicable. In such case, the Reference Value and/or the Interim Final 
Reference Value and/or the Final Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the Futures 
Contract N-th Near-by that will be the n-th futures contract with an expiration date which is the

--- Page 143 ---
142 
 
 
closest (but beyond) to any observation date/period during the lifetime of the Notes and/or to the 
Interim Final Observation Date(s) and/or to the Final Observation Date.  
When the Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the futures contract indicated as Underlying, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant N-th Near-by Initial Date and/or the relevant Rollover 
Date(s). On the N-th Near-by Initial Date and/or the Rollover Dates, the Noteholders will be notified 
through a notice published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature means, if specified as applicable and when the Underlying is a 
futures contract, the feature pursuant to which the Calculation Agent will be entitled to determine, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Initial Reference Value or Interim Initial Reference Value will be determined on the basis of 
a Futures Contract N-th Near-by; and/or 
(ii) 
if Rolling is specified as applicable. In such case, the Reference Value in relation to any observation 
date/period during the lifetime of the Notes and/or the Interim Final Reference Value or the Final 
Reference Value will be determined on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by; 
Himalaya Option means the method of calculation of the performance of a Basket based on a selection 
process in accordance with which, in each Himalaya Valuation Period, the Basket Constituent having the 
best Performance (each Performance of the Basket Constituent will be determined according to paragraph 
1(A) or 1(B) below as the case may be and as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be selected and 
removed from the Basket for each subsequent Himalaya Valuation Period(s) relating to the same Put 
Interest Payment Date (but shall not be removed in respect of subsequent Put Interest Payment Dates). 
Therefore, once the Basket Constituent has been selected in relation to a Himalaya Valuation Period, it will 
not be taken into account for the following Himalaya Valuation Period(s) relating to the same Put Interest 
Payment Date. On each such subsequent Himalaya Valuation Period, other best performing Basket 
Constituents will be selected and removed from the Basket for each subsequent Himalaya Valuation 
Period(s) relating to the same Put Interest Payment Date. As a result, for the purposes of the calculation of 
the Put Performance, the Calculation Agent will consider the arithmetic mean of the performance of the 
Basket Constituents having the best Performances in the relevant Himalaya Valuation Periods according to 
the selection process described above in this definition.    
Himalaya Valuation Period(s) means the period(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For 
avoidance of doubt, there may be more than one Himalaya Valuation Period in relation to the same Put 
Interest Payment Date; 
Initial Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Reference Value means (a) the predetermined value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms or 
(b) the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as the case may be, determined on 
the Initial Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single Underlying, the 
value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the Information Source is not 
available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of a Basket, the value 
determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". When the Underlying is represented 
by a futures contract and the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as applicable, if in the 
relevant Final Terms is specified that the Initial Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by, means the value of such Futures Contract N-th Near-by on the Initial 
Observation Date; 
Interim Final Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interim Final Reference Value means the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, 
as the case may be, determined on the Interim Final Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket

--- Page 144 ---
143 
 
 
Constituent or single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final 
Terms or, if the Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or 
(ii) in the case of a Basket, the value determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". 
When the Underlying is represented by a futures contract and if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature 
and Rolling are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, means the value of the Futures Contract 
N-th Near-by on the relevant observation date; 
Interim Initial Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interim Initial Reference Value means (a) the predetermined value(s)indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as the case may be, 
determined on the Interim Initial Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or 
single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of 
a Basket, the value determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". When the 
Underlying is represented by a futures contract and the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified 
as applicable, if in the relevant Final Terms is specified that the Interim Initial Reference Value will be 
determined on the basis of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by, means the value of such Futures Contract N-
th Near-by on the Interim Initial Observation Date(s); 
Knock-in Event means the event specified in the applicable Final Terms that has to occur on a Knock-in 
Observation Date or at any time during the Knock-in Observation Period (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) for the Put Option to be applicable. The Knock-in Event will occur when the Reference Value of a 
single Underlying or Basket, on the relevant Knock-in Observation Date(s) or at any time during a Knock-
in Observation Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A) is higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) a value (the Knock-in Level); or 
(B)  falls within a range of values (the Knock-in Range) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-in Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-in Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-out Event means the event specified in the applicable Final Terms that has to occur on a Knock-
out Observation Date or at any time during the Knock-out Observation Period (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the Put Option to not be applicable. The Knock-out Event will occur when the Reference 
Value of a single Underlying or Basket, on the relevant Knock-out Observation Date(s) or at any time 
during a Knock-out Observation Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A) is higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) a value (the Knock-out Level); or 
(B)  falls within a range of values (the Knock-out Range) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-out Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Knock-out Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Margin means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may be the same throughout 
all the Put Interest Periods, or it may be different in relation to each Put Interest Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Multiplier Factor or P means the multiplier used for the determination of the single performance of the 
Underlying and which (i) may be higher than, or lower than, or equal to 1 (i.e. 100%) or equal to 0 and (ii) 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
N-th Near-by Initial Date means, when the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as

--- Page 145 ---
144 
 
 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and that the Initial Reference Value or Interim Initial Reference 
Value will be determined on the basis of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by, the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on which the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will replace the futures contract 
indicated as Underlying.  
As soon as the Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the futures contract on the N-th Near-by Initial Date, 
the Noteholders will be notified of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by which will be the Underlying, by a 
notice published on the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com 
Participation Factor or PF means the multiplier used to determine the extent of the participation in the 
performance of the Underlying and which (i) may be higher than, or lower than, or equal to 1 (i.e. 100%) 
or equal to 0 and (ii) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Put Interest Amount means the interest amount determined in the manner set out in this paragraph; 
Put Interest Payment Date means one or more Business Day(s), specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
on which the Issuer shall pay, in arrear the relevant Put Interests Amount; 
Put Option means an option that provides exposure to the performance of an Underlying, calculated as a 
single value (a European Put Option) or calculated as an arithmetic mean (an Asian Put Option), in each 
case to the extent of the relevant Participation Factor. If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Put 
Option (and, as a result, the calculation of the Put Performance) may be activated and/or deactivated upon 
occurrence, respectively, of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event; 
Put Performance means the performance of the Underlying determined as specified below in paragraph 
II-4; 
Put Strike means the value used in the calculation of the Underlying's performance, representing the level 
that has to be compared to the Final Reference Value in order to determine the performance; 
Rainbow Option means a method for calculating the relevant Put Interest Amount when the Underlying is 
constituted by a Basket. Pursuant to such method of calculation, the Issuer will specify in the applicable 
Final Terms the weightings (expressed as percentages) of the Basket Constituents in the Basket and then 
such weightings will be assigned to each Basket Constituent on the basis of such Basket Constituent's 
performance compared to the performances of the other Basket Constituents;  
Reference Value means the value of the Underlying, Basket Constituent or Basket, as the case may be, 
which will be (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single Underlying, either (A) if the Final Terms 
specify a Knock-in Observation Period or Knock-out Observation Period, observed continuously in the 
regular trading hours during such observation period, as displayed on the applicable Information Source 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (B) otherwise, on any Knock-in Observation Date(s) or 
Knock-out Observation Date(s), published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms; or (ii) in the case 
of a Basket, determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". When the Underlying is 
represented by a futures contract and if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature and Rolling are specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, means the value of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by on the 
relevant observation date/period;  
Rolling means the feature that may be specified as applicable when the Futures Contract N-th Near-by 
Feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to which the Issuer will be entitled 
to determine the Reference Value in relation to any observation date during the lifetime of the Notes and/or 
Interim Final Reference Value or the Final Reference Value on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-
by; 
Rollover Date(s) means, if Rolling is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the date(s)

--- Page 146 ---
145 
 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will replace the futures 
contract indicated as the Underlying in the applicable Final Terms. As soon as the Futures Contract N-th 
Near-by replaces the futures contract specified as Underlying on the Rollover Date, the Noteholders will 
be notified of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by which will be the Underlying, by a notice published on 
the website of the Issuer www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Worst Of Option means (i) where there is a single Underlying or Basket, the method by which the 
Calculation Agent selects the Worst Of value as the case may be, being the first, the second or the third and 
so forth (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) worst performance of such Underlying or Basket among 
those determined in two or more periods specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) where the 
Underlying is represented by two or more single Underlyings, or two or more Baskets, the determination 
method where the Calculation Agent selects the worst of Underlying or Basket that is the underlying asset 
or Basket which the first, second or third (and so forth, depending on the number of the Underlyings) worst 
performance, compared with the other Underlyings or Baskets, as the case may be; 
II-2: 
Put Interest provides exposure, to the extent of the relevant Participation Factor, in the performance of an 
Underlying, calculated as a single value (if the applicable Final Terms specify as applicable European Put 
Option) or calculated as an arithmetic mean (if the applicable Final Terms specify as applicable Asian Put 
Option).  
Each Put Interest Amount will be paid to the Noteholder in arrear on the relevant Put Interest Payment 
Date. The Maturity Date may fall on the same day as the Put Interest Payment Date or, if there is more than 
one Put Interest Payment Date, it may fall on one of the Put Interest Payment Dates. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether, in relation to one or more Put Interest Amounts, the 
Maximum Rate and/or the Minimum Rate, the Best Of Option, the Worst Of Option, the Rainbow Option 
and the Cliquet Option are applicable. 
The Put Interest Amount may be equal to zero, depending on the performance of the relevant Underlying 
and on the Minimum Rate of Interest (if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms). 
II-3:  
The amount of each Put Interest Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the applicable formula set out in paragraph II-4, where such amount shall be rounded to the nearest EUR 
cent (with 0.005 EUR being rounded upwards) and it will be equal to the product of (A) the Calculation 
Amount, (B) the lower of (i) the Maximum Rate (if applicable); and (ii) the higher of (x) the Minimum 
Rate (if applicable) and (y) the Participation Factor multiplied by higher of (a) 0 and (b) the Put 
Performance multiplied by the Rate Days Count Fraction (if applicable), and increased or decreased by the 
Margin (if applicable) and (C) the Day Count Fraction (if applicable). 
Whether or not the Put Option is applicable (and, as a result, whether the Put Performance will be 
calculated) may depend on the occurrence, respectively, of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
The Participation Factor may be equal to, lower than or higher than 1 (100%) or equal to 0. In the case the 
Participation Factor is equal to 100%, the Put Interest Amount will depend upon the total performance of 
the Underlying. Conversely, if the applicable Participation Factor is lower than 100%, the Put Interest 
Amount will depend upon a fraction of the performance of the Underlying. Finally, if the applicable 
Participation Factor is higher than 100%, the Put Interest Amount will depend upon a multiple of the 
performance of the Underlying; 
II-4:

--- Page 147 ---
146 
 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether, for the purpose of the calculation of the Put Interest 
Amount, the Maximum Rate and/or the Minimum Rate and/or the Participation Factor and/or the Margin 
will be applicable and the formula with only the components specified as applicable will be reflected in the 
relevant item “Put Interest Amount” . The formula applicable to the calculation of a Put Interest Amount 
is as follows: 
C = CA  min {Maximum Rate; max {Minimum Rate; [PF  max (0; Put Performance Rate 
Days Count Fraction) + Margin]}}  Day Count Fraction 
Or  
C = CA  min {Maximum Rate; max {Minimum Rate; [PF  max (0; Put Performance Rate 
Days Count Fraction) - Margin]}}  Day Count Fraction 
Where: 
C means the Put Interest Amount; 
CA means the Calculation Amount of the Notes; 
PF means the Participation Factor.   
Put Performance means: 
1) 
If the Put Interest is linked to a single financial asset (and not a Basket): the performance of the 
relevant Underlying (the Single Performance), calculated as:  
(A) 
where European Put Option is applicable (the Single Performance SV): 
The value of the relevant Underlying (the Underlying(i)) determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Single Performance(i) SV =   
𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙− 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
 
Where: 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 means either (i) the Final Reference Value or (ii) the Interim Final 
Reference Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 means either (i) the Initial Reference Value or (ii) the Interim Initial 
Reference Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
where Asian Put Option is applicable (the Single Performance AM): 
The arithmetic mean of the value of the relevant Underlying (the Underlying(i)) 
determined in accordance with one of the following formulas specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Single Performance(i) AM = 
𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒− 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒

--- Page 148 ---
147 
 
 
or 
Single Performance(i) AM = 
𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 − 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 
 
or 
Single Performance(i) AM =
 𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 − 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
 
Where: 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍  means the Final Reference Value of the relevant Underlying;  
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍  means the Initial Reference Value of the relevant Underlying; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆  means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Final Reference 
Values of the relevant Underlying. Such arithmetic mean and/or each Interim Final 
Reference Value may be subject to a cap (the Cap AM Final) and/or a floor (the Floor AM 
Final) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆  means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Initial Reference 
Values of the relevant Underlying. Such arithmetic mean and/or each Interim Initial 
Reference Value may be subject to a cap (the Cap AM Initial) and/or a floor (the Floor AM 
Initial) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2) 
If the Put Interest Amount is linked to a Basket: the performance of the relevant Basket (the 
Basket Performance) calculated as:  
(A) 
 where European Put Option is applicable (the Basket Performance SV): 
(A1) The performance of the Basket (the Basket(i)) determined as the sum of the performance 
of each Basket Constituent multiplied by the relevant Basket Constituent Weight, in 
accordance with one of the following formulas: 
Where the Cap is specified as applicable: 
Basket Performance(i) SV = ∑
𝑀𝑖𝑛 (𝐶𝑎𝑝; 𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉) × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the Floor is specified as applicable: 
Basket Performance(i) SV = ∑
𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟; 𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉) × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where both the Cap and the Floor are specified as applicable: 
Basket Performance(i) SV =  
∑𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝; max(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟; 𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉)] × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1

--- Page 149 ---
148 
 
 
Where neither the Cap nor the Floor are specified as applicable: 
Basket Performance(i) SV = ∑
𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉 × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
n means the number of the Basket Constituents; 
𝑺𝒊𝒏𝒈𝒍𝒆 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆(𝒊)𝑺𝑽 means the performance calculated for each Basket 
Constituent in accordance with the formula specified above at paragraph 1(A); 
W(i)  
means the Basket Constituent Weight. The Basket Constituent Weight may be: 
(i)  a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii)  if the Rainbow Option is specified as applicable, the weightings will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms but each of such weightings will be 
assigned to the Basket Constituents depending on the performance of the 
relevant Basket Constituent as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Cap means, if applicable, the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Floor means, if applicable, the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
or 
(A2) The performance of the Basket (the Basket(i)) determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Basket Performance(i) SV =   
𝑃×𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙− 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
 
Where: 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 means the Final Reference Value of the Basket;  
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 means the Initial Reference Value of the Basket equal, by definition, to 1; 
(B) 
 where Asian Put Option is applicable (the Basket Performance AM), either: 
(B1) The arithmetic mean of the performance of the Basket (the Basket(i)), determined as the 
sum of the performances of the Basket Constituents in the Basket determined by reference 
to the arithmetic mean of the performance of each Basket Constituent multiplied by the 
relevant Basket Constituent Weight, in accordance with the following formula: 
Basket Performance(i) AM = ∑
𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝐴𝑀 × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
n means the number of the Basket Constituents;

--- Page 150 ---
149 
 
 
𝑺𝒊𝒏𝒈𝒍𝒆 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆(𝒊)𝑨𝑴 means the performance calculated as the arithmetic mean 
of the performance of each Basket Constituent determined in accordance with one the 
formulas specified above at paragraph 1(B); 
W(i)  
means the Basket Constituent Weight. The Basket Constituent Weight may be:  
(i)  a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii)  if the Rainbow Option is applicable, the weightings will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms but each of such weightings will be assigned to each 
Basket Constituent depending on the performance of the relevant Basket 
Constituent as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
or 
(B2) The arithmetic mean of the value of the Basket (the Basket(i)) determined in accordance 
with one of the following formulas as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Basket Performance(i) AM = 
𝑃×𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒− 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
 
or 
Basket Performance(i) AM = 
𝑃×𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 – 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 
 
or 
Basket Performance(i) AM =
 𝑃×𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 – 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 (𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
 
Where 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
 𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕 (𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍  means the Final Reference Value of the Basket;  
 𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕 (𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍  means the Initial Reference Value of the Basket equal, by definition, to 
1; 
 𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕 (𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆 means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Final Reference Values. 
Such arithmetic mean and/or each Interim Final Reference Value may be subject to a cap 
(the Cap AM Final) and/or a floor (the Floor AM Final) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
 𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕 (𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆 means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Initial Reference 
Values. Such arithmetic mean and/or each Interim Initial Reference Value may be subject 
to a cap (the Cap AM Initial) and/or a floor (the Floor AM Initial) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
The applicable formula of the Put Performance to be applied for the calculation of the Put Interest Amount 
will be reflected in the relevant item of the Final Terms “Formula for the calculation of the Put

--- Page 151 ---
150 
 
 
Performance” with only the applicable components. 
 
3) 
If the Best Of Option is applicable:  
(A) 
If the Put Interest Amount is linked to a single Underlying or a single Basket: 
 
The "n" highest performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, the third and so 
forth best performance) of the Underlying or Basket selected by the Calculation Agent 
from among the performances of the Underlying or Basket determined in two or more 
periods specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Best Performance). The Best 
Performance will be determined as follows: 
i. the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of the Underlying or Basket, for 
the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the formulas 
specified above at paragraph 1(A) or 1(B) for single Underlying and at paragraph 2(A) 
or 2(B) for single Basket;  
ii.   the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in descending order, from the 
highest value to the lowest; 
iii.   the Best Performance will be the performance, in such descending order, that matches 
the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Best Of Option. By 
way of example, if the Final Terms provide for the application of the First Best Of 
Option, the Best Performance will be the best Single Performance / Basket Performance 
among those determined for the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms; if the 
applicable Final Terms provide for the application of the Second Best Of Option, the 
Best Performance will be the second best Single Performance / Basket Performance 
among those determined for the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, and so 
forth. 
(B) 
If the Put Interest Amount is linked to two or more Underlyings or two or more Baskets: 
(B1)  if European Put Option is applicable, the performance of the Underlying with the "n" 
highest performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, the third and so forth best 
performance) (the Best Performance SV) of all the Underlyings or Baskets, as the case 
may be The Best Performance SV will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of each Underlying or Basket 
in accordance with the formulas specified above at paragraph 1(A) for Underlyings 
and at paragraph 2(A) for Baskets;  
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in descending order, from 
the highest value to the lowest; 
iii. 
the Best Performance SV will be the performance calculated as the value of the 
Underlying or Basket whose performance, in such descending order, matches the 
number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Best Of Option. By 
way of example, if the Final Terms provide for the application of the First Best Of 
Option, the Best Performance SV will be the performance of the Underlying or 
Basket with the best Single Performance SV / Basket Performance SV compared to 
the other Underlying or Baskets; if the Final Terms provide for the application of the 
Second Best Of Option, the Best Performance SV will be the performance of the 
Underlying or Basket with the second best Single Performance SV / Basket 
Performance SV compared to the other Underlyings or Baskets, and so forth.

--- Page 152 ---
151 
 
 
(B2)   if Asian Put Option is applicable, the performance of the Underlying calculated as an 
arithmetic mean with the "n" highest performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, 
the third and so forth best performance) (the Best Performance AM) of all the 
Underlyings or Baskets. The Best Performance AM will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance being equal to the arithmetic 
mean of the performance of each Underlying or Basket determined in accordance 
with the formulas specified above at paragraph 1(B) for Underlyings and at paragraph 
2(B) for Baskets; 
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in descending order, from the 
highest value to the lowest; 
iii. 
the Best Performance AM will be the performance calculated as the arithmetic mean 
of the performance of the Underlying or Basket whose performance, in such 
descending order, matches the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Best Of Option. By way of example, if the Final Terms provide for the 
application of the First Best Of Option, the Best Performance AM will be the 
performance of the Underlying or Basket with the best Single Performance AM / 
Basket Performance AM compared to the other Underlyings or Baskets; if the Final 
Terms provide for the application of the Second Best Of Option, the Best 
Performance AM will be the performance of the Underlying or Basket with the 
second best Single Performance AM / Basket Performance AM compared to the other 
Underlyings or Baskets, and so forth. 
4) If the Worst Of Option is applicable:  
(A) 
If the Put Interest Amount is linked to a single Underlying or a single Basket: 
 
The "n" worst performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, the third and so forth 
worst performance) of the Underlying or Basket selected by the Calculation Agent from 
among the performances of the Underlying or Basket determined for two or more periods 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Worst Performance”). In such case, the 
Worst Performance will be determined as follows:  
 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of the Underlying or Basket, 
for the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the 
formulas specified above at paragraph 1(A) or 1(B) for single Underlying and at 
paragraph 2(A) or 2(B) for single Basket; 
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in ascending order, from the 
lowest value to the highest; 
iii. 
the Worst Performance will be the performance, in such ascending order, that 
matches the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Worst 
Of Option. By way of example, if the Final Terms provide for the application of the 
First Worst Of Option, the Worst Performance will be the lowest Single 
Performance / Basket Performance among those determined for the periods 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; if the applicable Final Terms provide for 
the application of the Second Worst Of Option, the Worst Performance will be the 
second lowest Single Performance / Basket Performance among those determined 
for the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, and so forth. 
(B) 
If the Put Interest is linked to two or more Underlyings or two or more Baskets: 
(B1)  if European Put Option is applicable, the performance of the Underlying with the "n"

--- Page 153 ---
152 
 
 
lowest performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, the third and so forth worst 
performance) (the Worst Performance SV) of all the Underlyings or Baskets. The Worst 
Performance SV will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance calculated as the value of each 
Underlying or Basket in accordance with the formulas specified above at paragraph 
1(A) for Underlyings and at paragraph 2(A) for Baskets;  
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in ascending order, from the 
lowest value to the highest; 
iii. 
the Worst Performance SV will be the performance calculated as the value of the 
Underlying or Basket whose performance, in such ascending order, matches the 
number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Worst Of Option. 
By way of example, if the Final Terms provide for the application of the First Worst 
Of Option, the Worst Performance SV will be the performance of the Underlying or 
Basket with the worst Single Performance SV / Basket Performance SV compared 
to the other Underlyings or Baskets; if the Final Terms provide for the application 
of the Second Worst Of Option, the Worst Performance SV will be the performance 
of the Underlying or Basket with the second worst Single Performance SV / Basket 
Performance SV compared to the other Underlyings or Baskets, and so forth. 
(B2) if Asian Put Option is applicable, the performance of the Underlying calculated as an 
arithmetic mean with the "n" lowest performance (where "n" may be the first, the second, 
the third and so forth worst performance) (the Worst Performance AM) of all other 
Underlyings or Baskets The Worst Performance AM will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance being equal to the arithmetic 
mean of the performance of each Underlying or Basket determined in accordance 
with the formulas specified above at paragraph 1(B) for Underlyings and at 
paragraph 2(B) for Baskets; 
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in ascending order, from the 
lowest value to the highest; 
iii. 
the Worst Performance AM will be the performance calculated as the arithmetic 
mean of the performance of the Underlying or Basket whose performance, in such 
ascending order, matches the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Worst Of Option. By way of example, if the Final Terms provide for 
the application of the First Worst Of Option, the Worst Performance AM will be the 
performance of the Underlying or Basket with the worst Single Performance AM / 
Basket Performance AM compared to the other Underlyings or Baskets; if the Final 
Terms provide for the application of the Second Worst Of Option, the Worst 
Performance AM will be the performance of the Underlying or Basket with the 
second worst Single Performance AM / Basket Performance AM compared to the 
other Underlyings or Baskets, and so forth.  
5) If the Himalaya Option (where the Put Interest is linked to a Basket) is applicable:  
The relevant performance is calculated by reference to the arithmetic average of the Performances 
of the Basket Constituents (each Performance of the Basket Constituent will be determined 
according to paragraph 1(A) or 1(B) above as the case may be and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) having the best performance for each relevant Himalaya Valuation Period but 
provided that, once a Basket Constituent has been determined to have the highest performance for 
any Himalaya Valuation Period, such Basket Constituent's performance shall be disregarded for

--- Page 154 ---
153 
 
 
each subsequent Himalaya Valuation Period relating to the same Put Interest Payment Date (but 
shall not be disregarded in respect of subsequent Put Interest Payment Dates). As such, amounts 
due are not directly linked to any one Basket Constituent(s) and the positive performance of some 
Basket Constituent(s) may be offset by the negative performance of other Basket Constituent(s), 
particularly as a consistently high performing Basket Constituent will only have its first-occurring 
highest performance included in the calculation of the arithmetic average performance for the 
relevant Put Interest Payment Date. 
 
III. 
DIGITAL INTEREST  
III-1:  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph III: 
Consolidation Effect means the effect in accordance with which, if there is more than one Digital Interest 
Period and a Digital Condition has occurred in relation to a Digital Interest Period, the Digital Condition 
relating to the following Digital Interest Period(s) will be deemed to have occurred; 
Digital Condition means the condition specified in the applicable Final Terms that has to occur on a Digital 
Observation Date or at any time during the Digital Observation Period (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) in order for the relevant Digital Interest Amount to be paid. The Digital Condition may be a Single 
Performance Condition, Podium Performance Condition, Spread Performance Condition, Single Reference 
Value Condition, Podium Reference Value Condition, Spread Reference Value Condition, a Single Best 
Performance Condition or a Single Worst Performance Condition as described below; 
Digital Interest Amount means the interest amount determined as specified in this paragraph III; 
Digital Interest Payment Date means one or more Business Day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on which the Issuer shall pay in arrear the relevant Digital Interest Amount; 
Digital Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Digital Observation Period(s) means the period(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Digital Rate means Digital Rate 1 or Digital Rate 2, as applicable. 
Digital Rate 1 means, the rate of interest specified in the Final Terms in relation to each Digital Interest 
Period payable when the relevant Digital Condition has occurred; 
Digital Rate 2 means, the rate of interest specified in the Final Terms in relation to each Digital Interest 
Period payable when the relevant Digital Condition has not occurred; 
Final Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Final Reference Value means the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket Constituent or Basket, as the 
case may be, determined on the Final Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent 
or single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of 
a Basket, the value determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation".  
Initial Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Initial Reference Value means (a) the predetermined value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms or 
(b) the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket Constituent or Basket, as the case may be, determined on 
the Initial Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single Underlying, the 
value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the Information Source is not 
available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of a Basket, the value

--- Page 155 ---
154 
 
 
determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation". 
Interim Final Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interim Final Reference Value means the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket Constituent or Basket, 
as the case may be, determined on the Interim Final Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket 
Constituent or single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final 
Terms or, if the Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or 
(ii) in the case of a Basket, the value determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation"; 
Interim Initial Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interim Initial Reference Value means (a) the predetermined value(s) indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket Constituent or Basket, as the case may be, 
determined on the Interim Initial Observation Date as follows (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or 
single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of 
a Basket, the value determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation"; 
Memory Effect means that where there is more than one Digital Interest Period and a Digital Condition 
has not occurred in relation to a Digital Interest Period or in relation to two or more Digital Interest Periods 
(and only when the Digital Rate is equal to 0% as a consequence of the non-occurrence of the Digital 
Condition), the Noteholder will receive an amount equal to the interest amounts payable in respect of the 
previous Digital Interest Period (not paid because of the non-occurrence of the relevant Digital Condition) 
on the Digital Interest Payment Date relating to the Digital Interest Period where the Digital Condition has 
occurred.  
Multiplier Factor or P means, the multiplier used for the determination of the performance of the 
Underlying that (i) may be higher than, or lower than, or equal to 1 (i.e. 100%) or equal to 0 and (ii) will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Value means the value of the Underlying, Basket Constituent or Basket, as the case may be, 
which will be (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single Underlying, either (A) if the Final Terms 
specify a Digital Observation Period, observed continuously in the regular trading hours during such 
Digital Observation Period, as displayed on the applicable Information Source and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (B) otherwise, on any Digital Observation Date(s), published by the Information 
Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the Information Source is not available, as determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms; or (ii) in the case of a Basket, determined in accordance with the definition 
of "Basket Calculation"; 
Reload Effect means that where such effect applies, on each Digital Interest Payment Date following the 
Digital Interest Payment Date in respect of which a Digital Condition has been satisfied (such a Digital 
Interest Payment Date in respect of which a Digital Condition has been satisfied, a Reloaded Digital 
Interest Payment Date), the Noteholder will receive a Digital Interest Amount equal to the Digital Interest 
Amount paid in respect of the Reloaded Digital Interest Payment Date.   
The Notes will not provide simultaneously for the Consolidation Effect and the Reload Effect to apply.  
III-2: 
Where Digital is applicable, a fixed rate of interest will be paid on the relevant Digital Interest Payment 
Date equal to (i) Digital Rate 1 if the Digital Condition in relation to the Digital Interest Period has been 
satisfied or (ii) Digital Rate 2 if the Digital Condition in relation to the Digital Interest Period has not been 
satisfied. 
Each Digital Interest Amount will be paid to the Noteholder in arrear on the relevant Digital Interest

--- Page 156 ---
155 
 
 
Payment Date. The Maturity Date may fall on the Digital Interest Payment Date or, if there is more than 
one Digital Interest Payment Date, it may fall on one of the Digital Interest Payment Dates. 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, on the same Digital Interest Payment Date, the Noteholder 
shall have the right to receive an additional Digital Interest Amount linked to a different Digital Condition 
and whose payment will not depend upon the occurrence of the first Digital Condition. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether, in relation to one or more Digital Interest Period, the 
Consolidation Effect, or the Memory Effect, or the Reload Effect are applicable. 
III-3: 
The amount of each Digital Interest Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the applicable formula set out in paragraph III-4, where such amount shall be rounded to the nearest EUR 
cent (with 0.005 EUR being rounded upwards) and it will be equal to the product of (A) the Calculation 
Amount, (B) Digital Rate 1 or Digital Rate 2, as the case may be, and (C) the Day Count Fraction 
III-4: 
The formulas applicable to the calculation of Digital Interest Amounts are as follows and will be reflected 
in the relevant item of the Final Terms “Digital Interest Amount”: 
(i) If the Digital Condition has occurred in respect of a Digital Interest Period: 
C = CA  Digital Rate 1  Day Count Fraction 
(ii) If the Digital Condition has not occurred in respect of a Digital Interest Period: 
C = CA  Digital Rate 2  Day Count Fraction 
Where 
C means the Digital Interest Amount; 
CA means the Calculation Amount of the Notes; 
Day Count Fraction means the day count fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms. For 
avoidance of doubt, the day count fraction may be the same for both the Digital Rates or differ in 
relation to each Digital Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Digital Rate 1 and Digital Rate 2 will be a fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms 
depending upon the satisfaction or the non-satisfaction of a Digital Condition. Digital Rate 1, Digital 
Rate 2 and the Digital Condition might change for each Digital Interest Period;  
Digital Condition may be, for each Digital Interest Period, a condition: 
1) 
linked to the performance of a single Underlying or Basket (the Single Performance 
Condition) 
The Single Performance Condition will be satisfied if the Performance of a single Underlying 
or Basket  
(A)  is higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) a value (the Barrier Level), or  
(B)  falls within a range of values (the Reference Range) specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 157 ---
156 
 
 
Terms. 
The Performance will be calculated as a Single Performance or a Basket Performance in 
accordance with the following method: 
(a)  in the case of a single Underlying, the Performance (Single Performance(i)), will be 
calculated as a value or as an arithmetic mean in accordance with one of the following 
formulas as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Single Performance(i) =  
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙−𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
 
or 
Single Performance(i) =  
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
 
or 
Single Performance(i) = 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
 
or 
Single Performance(i) = 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 −𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
 
Where 
P means, if applicable, the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Multiplier Factor; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 means the Final Reference Value of the relevant Underlying;  
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 means the Initial Reference Value of the relevant Underlying; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆 means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Final Reference 
Values of the relevant Underlying; and 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆 means the arithmetic mean of the Interim Initial Reference 
Values of the relevant Underlying; 
(b)  in the case of a single Basket, the weighted average of the performances of each Basket 
Constituent (Basket Performance(i)), will be calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Basket Performance(i) SV = ∑
𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉× 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where:

--- Page 158 ---
157 
 
 
n means the number of the Basket Constituents; 
𝑺𝒊𝒏𝒈𝒍𝒆 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆(𝒊)𝑺𝑽 means the performance calculated as a value of each 
Basket Constituent in accordance with the formula specified above at paragraph 1(a); 
W(i)  
means the Basket Constituent Weight. The Basket Constituent Weight will be a 
percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
The applicable formula of the Performance for the purpose of the determination of the Digital Condition 
will be reflected in the relevant item of the Final Terms “Formula for calculating the Performance” with 
only the applicable components. 
2) 
linked to the performance of a number of Underlyings specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the Podium Performance Condition) 
In the case of more than one Underlying or Basket, the Podium Performance Condition occurs 
when the Single Performance Condition has been satisfied at least in relation to the number 
("N") of such Underlyings or Baskets specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Single 
Performance Condition is considered as having occurred in one of the following cases, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) the Single Performance of at least N Underlyings or the Basket Performance of at least N 
Baskets is higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) a value (the Barrier Level) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or  
(B)  the Single Performance of at least N Underlyings or the Basket Performance of at least N 
Baskets falls within a range of values (the Reference Range) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
By way of example, if the applicable Final Terms provide for five Underlyings and the Podium 
Performance Condition is specified as being satisfied if the Single Performance of at least three 
Underlyings is higher than the relevant Barrier Level, the Podium Performance Condition will 
be satisfied if the Single Performances of three Underlyings out of five are higher than the 
relevant Barrier Level. 
The Single Performance and/or the Basket Performance will be determined in accordance with 
the formulas specified at paragraphs 1(a) and 1(b) of this paragraph III. 
3) 
linked to the difference between the performance of two Underlyings (the Spread 
Performance Condition) 
The Spread Performance Condition will be satisfied when the difference between the Single 
Performance of an Underlying or the Basket Performance of a Basket (the Underlying 1 or the 
Basket 1) and the Single Performance of another Underlying or another Basket Performance 
of a Basket (the Underlying 2 or the Basket 2) (such difference, the Spread Performance) 
is: 
(A) higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) a percentage (the Barrier Level) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(B)  falls within a range of percentages (the Reference Range) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 159 ---
158 
 
 
The Single Performance and/or the Basket Performance will be determined in accordance with 
the formula specified at paragraphs 1(a) and 1(b) of this paragraph III. 
4) 
linked to the Reference Value of a single Underlying/Basket (the Single Reference Value 
Condition) 
The Single Reference Value Condition will be satisfied when the Reference Value of a single 
Underlying or Basket, on the relevant Digital Observation Date(s) or at any time during a 
Digital Observation Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A) is higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) a value (the Barrier Level) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B)  falls within a range of values (the Reference Range) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
5) 
linked to the Reference Values of a number of Underlyings or Baskets specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the Podium Reference Value Condition) 
In the case of more than one Underlying or Basket, the Podium Reference Value Condition 
will be satisfied when the Single Reference Value Condition has been satisfied, on the relevant 
Digital Observation Date(s) or at any time during a Digital Observation Period (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), at least in relation to the number ("N") of such Underlyings or 
Baskets specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Single Reference Value Condition is 
considered as satisfied in one of the following cases as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) the Single Reference Value of at least N Underlyings or Baskets is higher than and/or 
equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) a value 
(the Barrier Level) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(B)  the Single Reference Value of at least N Underlyings or Baskets falls within a range of 
values (the Reference Range) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
By way of example, if the applicable Final Terms provide for five Underlyings and the Podium 
Reference Value Condition is specified as having been satisfied if the Single Reference Value 
of at least three Underlyings is higher than the Barrier Level, the Podium Reference Value 
Condition will be satisfied if the Single Reference Values of three Underlyings out of five are 
higher than the relevant Barrier Level. 
6) 
linked to the difference between the Reference Values of two Underlyings (the Spread 
Reference Value Condition) 
The Spread Reference Value Condition is satisfied when the difference between the Single 
Reference Value of an Underlying or Basket (the Underlying 1 or the Basket 1) and the Single 
Reference Value of another Underlying or Basket (the Underlying 2 or the Basket 2) (such 
difference, the Spread Reference Value) on the relevant Digital Observation Date(s) or at any 
time during a Digital Observation Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) is: 
(A) higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) a value (the Barrier Level) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B)  falls within a range of values (the Reference Range) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7) linked to the best performance of a single Underlying or a single Basket (the Single Best

--- Page 160 ---
159 
 
 
Performance Condition): 
 
The Single Best Performance Condition will be satisfied if the Best Performance of a single 
Underlying or Basket  
(A)  
is higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) a value (the Barrier Level) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or  
(B)  
falls within a range of values (the Reference Range) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the Best Performance is the "n" highest performance 
(where "n" may be the first, the second, the third and so forth best performance) of the 
Underlying or Basket selected by the Calculation Agent from among the performances of the 
Underlying or Basket determined for two or more periods specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Best Performance will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of the Underlying or Basket, 
for the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the 
formulas specified above at paragraph 1(a) for single Underlyings and at paragraph 
1(b) for Baskets;  
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in descending order, from 
the highest value to the lowest; 
iii. 
the Best Performance will be the performance, in such descending order, that 
matches the number of best performance specified in the applicable Final Terms. By 
way of example, the Final Terms will indicate if the Best Performance will be the 
best performance of the Underlying or Basket among those determined for the 
periods specified in the applicable Final Terms or if the Best Performance will be 
the second best performance of the Underlying or Basket among those determined 
for the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, and so forth. 
8) linked to the worst performance of a single Underlying or a single Basket (the Single Worst 
Performance Condition): 
 
The Single Worst Performance Condition will be satisfied if the Worst Performance of a single 
Underlying or Basket  
(A)  
is higher than and/or equal to, or lower than and/or equal to (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) a value (the Barrier Level) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or  
(B)  
falls within a range of values (the Reference Range) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the Worst Performance is the "n" worst performance 
(where "n" may be the first, the second, the third and so forth worst performance) of the 
Underlying or Basket selected by the Calculation Agent among the performances of the 
Underlying or Basket determined for two or more periods specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In such case, the Worst Performance will be determined as follows: 
i. 
the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of the Underlying or Basket, 
on the periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the formulas

--- Page 161 ---
160 
 
 
specified above at paragraph 1(a) above for single Underlyings and at paragraph 1(b) 
above for Baskets;  
ii. 
the Calculation Agent will then sort such performances in ascending order, from the 
lowest value to the highest; 
iii. 
the Worst Performance will be the performance, in such ascending order, that matches 
the number of worst performance specified in the applicable Final Terms. By way of 
example, the Final Terms will indicate if the Worst Performance will be the lowest 
performance of the Underlying or Basket among those determined on the periods 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or if the Worst Performance will be the second 
lowest performance of the Underlying or Basket among those determined on the 
periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, and so forth. 
 
IV. 
RANGE ACCRUAL INTEREST  
IV-I:  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph IV:  
Fluctuation Range means a range of values that is to be considered in relation to the Reference Value 
(which may be inside or outside such range) for the purposes of the calculation of the Range Accrual Interest 
Amount in accordance with the applicable calculation formula. The Final Terms will specify (i) the values 
constituting such Fluctuation Range, or (ii) the percentages of the values constituting such Fluctuation 
Range to be determined as set out in the relevant Final Terms. For avoidance of doubt, the Fluctuation 
Range is always denominated in the same currency used for the determination of the Reference Values 
(even where this is a different currency from the Specified Currency). As specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the lowest value of the Fluctuation Range may be equal to, or lower than, zero; 
In Range Days means, in relation to a Range Accrual Interest Amount, the ratio between (i) the number of 
days within the Reference Period on which the Reference Value falls inside the relevant Fluctuation Range 
and (ii) the total number of days that constitutes the Reference Period, Expressed as formula as follows: 
In Range Days = 
𝑛
𝑁 
Where: 
"n" means the number of days within the relevant Reference Period on which the Reference Value falls 
inside the relevant Fluctuation Range. In order to determine "n", when the Reference Value falls within the 
relevant Fluctuation Range, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether such Reference Value will 
also be considered as inside the relevant Fluctuation Range in respect of the immediately following day(s) 
that are not Business Day(s) (therefore, whether such day(s) will be counted as "n" day(s)); similarly, if the 
Reference Value on a Business Day falls outside the relevant Fluctuation Range, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify whether such Reference Value will also be considered as outside the relevant Fluctuation 
Range in respect of the immediately following day(s) that are not Business Day(s); and 
"N" means the total number of days (or Business Days, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in the 
relevant Reference Period.  
In Range Yield means the interest rate specified in the Final Terms, used for the calculation of the Range 
Accrual Interest Amount for the days when the Reference Value, in relation to the relevant Range Accrual 
Interest Period, is within the relevant Fluctuation Range. 
Such interest rate will be, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, a fixed rate, or a floating rate (such

--- Page 162 ---
161 
 
 
as the yield of government securities, interbank offered rates, swap rates, specified in the Final Terms and 
determined in accordance with such Final Terms) as increased or reduced by the Margin (if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), or a rate equal to zero. Where the In Range Yield is a floating rate, the Out Range 
Yield will not be the same floating rate specified for the In Range Yield and will be multiplied by the Rate 
Days Count Fraction if specified as applicable in such Final Terms. 
If the In Range Yield is zero, the Out Range Yield will be greater than zero. 
If the In Range Yield is a fixed rate, such rate may be identical or different in relation to each Range Accrual 
Interest Period. 
Margin means the percentage to be added or to be subtracted (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
to the In Range Yield or Out Range Yield. 
The Margin may be the same throughout all the Range Accrual Interest Periods, or it may change in relation 
to each Range Accrual Interest Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Out Range Days means, in relation to a Range Accrual Interest Amount, the ratio between (i) the number 
of days within the Reference Period on which the Reference Value of the Reference Rate falls outside the 
relevant Fluctuation Range and (ii) the total number of days that constitutes the Reference Period, expressed 
as a formula as follows: 
Out Range Days = (𝑁− 𝑛)
𝑁
 
Where: 
"n" means the number of days within the relevant Reference Period on which the Reference Value falls 
inside the relevant Fluctuation Range. In order to determine "n", when the Reference Value falls within the 
relevant Fluctuation Range, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether such Reference Value will 
also be considered as inside the relevant Fluctuation Range in respect of the immediately following day(s) 
that are not Business Day(s) (therefore, whether such day(s) will be counted as "n" day(s)); similarly, if the 
Reference Value on a Business Day falls outside the relevant Fluctuation Range, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify whether such Reference Value will also be considered as outside the relevant Fluctuation 
Range in respect of the immediately following day(s) that are not Business Day(s); and 
"N" means the total number of days (or Business Days, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in the 
relevant Reference Period.  
Out Range Yield means the interest rate specified in the Final Terms used for the calculation of the Range 
Accrual Interest Amount for the days when the Reference Value, in relation to the relevant Range Accrual 
Interest Period, is outside the relevant Fluctuation Range. 
Such interest rate will be, as specified in the Final Terms, a fixed rate, or a floating rate (such as the yield 
of government securities, interbank offered rates, swap rates specified in the Final Terms and determined 
in accordance with such Final Terms) increased or reduced by the Margin (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), or a rate equal to zero. Where the Out Range Yield is a floating rate, the In Range Yield will 
not be the same floating rate that represents the Out Range Yield and will be multiplied by the Rate Days 
Count Fraction if specified as applicable in such Final Terms. 
If the Out Range Yield is zero, the In Range Yield will be greater than zero. 
If the Out Range Yield is a fixed rate, such rate may be identical or different in relation to each Range 
Accrual Interest Period. 
Range Accrual Interest Amount means the interest amount determined as specified in this paragraph;

--- Page 163 ---
162 
 
 
Range Accrual Interest Payment Date means one or more Business Day(s), specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, on which the Issuer shall pay, in arrear the Range Accrual Interest Amounts; 
Reference Period means the period during which the value of the Reference Value will be determined, for 
the purposes of the calculation of the Range Accrual Interest Amount pursuant to the relevant calculation 
formula specified in the Final Terms. In the event of more Reference Periods, the relevant Final Terms will 
specify the First Reference Period, the Second Reference Period, and so on;  
Reference Value means, in relation to a Range Accrual Interest Amount, to the Underlying(s) and to any 
day within the relevant Reference Period, the value on such day, or the differential between the values of 
two Underlyings determined on such day or the differential between the values determined on different 
days of the Underlying which will be (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single Underlying,  published 
by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the Information Source is not available, as 
determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of a Basket, determined in accordance 
with the definition of "Basket Calculation".  
IV-2:  
Where Range Accrual Interest is applicable, payment of interest (at the rate of interest specified in the Final 
Terms) will depend on whether the Reference Value of the Underlying (or the Reference Values of more 
than one Underlying, or the difference between the Reference Values of two Underlyings) falls inside or 
outside the relevant Fluctuation Range. In the first case, the interest rate will be equal to the In Range Yield 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; in the second case, the interest rate will be equal to the Out Range 
Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The In Range Yield and the Out Range Yield may be equal to zero. In such case, the amount of the Range 
Accrual Interest Amounts will be higher than zero only when the Reference Value falls inside the 
Fluctuation Range (when the Out Range Yield is zero) or outside the Fluctuation Range (when the In Range 
Yield is zero). 
Each Range Accrual Interest Amount will be paid to the Noteholder in arrear on the relevant Range Accrual 
Interest Payment Date. The Maturity Date may fall on the Range Accrual Interest Payment Date or, if there 
is more than one interest payment date, it may fall on one of the Range Accrual Interest Payment Dates. 
IV-3: 
 
The amount of each Range Accrual Interest Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formulas set out in paragraph IV-4 with such amount rounded to the nearest EUR cent 
(with 0.005 EUR being rounded upwards) and will be equal to the product of (A) the Calculation Amount, 
(B) the lower of (i) the Maximum Rate (if applicable); and (ii) the higher of (x) the Minimum Rate (if 
applicable) and (y) the sum of  
 
(1) a rate equal to the product of (I) the In Range Yield multiplied by the Rate Days Count Fraction 
(if applicable), and (II) the ratio between (i) the number of days in which the Reference Value falls 
inside the Fluctuation Range (In Range Days) and (ii) the total number of days of the Reference 
Period; and 
(2) a rate equal to the product of (I) the Out Range Yield multiplied by the Rate Days Count Fraction 
(if applicable), and (II) the ratio between (i) the number of days in which the Reference Value falls 
outside the Fluctuation Range (Out Range Days) and (ii) the total number of days of the Reference 
Period, 
and (C) the Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 164 ---
163 
 
 
Each Range Accrual Interest Amount may be linked to more than one Underlying. In such case, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the number of Underlyings that have to fall inside or outside the 
Fluctuation Range, in order to determine the In Range Days and the Out Range Days. By way of example, 
the applicable Final Terms may indicate that, in order to determine the Range Accrual Interest Amount, the 
In Range Yield will be payable if at least three Underlyings out of five fall inside the Fluctuation Range. 
Conversely, the Out Range Yield will be payable. 
Finally, it should be noted that the In Range Yield and the Out Range Yield may be the same until the 
Maturity Date (and identical for all the Range Accrual Interest Periods) or differ in relation to each Range 
Accrual Interest Period as specified in the Final Terms. 
IV-4: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether, for the purpose of the calculation of the Range Accrual 
Interest Amount, the Maximum Rate and/or the Minimum Rate will be applicable and the formula with 
only the components specified as applicable will be reflected in the relevant item “Range Accrual Interest 
Amount”. The formula applicable to the calculation of Range Accrual Interest Amounts is as follows: 
C = CA  min {Maximum Rate; max {Minimum Rate; [(In Range Yield  Rate Days Count 
Fraction  In Range Days) + (Out Range Yield  Rate Days Count Fraction  (Out Range 
Days)]}}  Day Count Fraction  
Where 
C means the Range Accrual Interest Amount; 
CA means the calculation amount of the Notes. 
V. 
SPREAD INTEREST 
V-1: For the purposes of this sub-paragraph V:  
Final Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Final Reference Value means the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as the 
case may be, determined on the Final Observation Date and which will be (i) in the case of a Basket 
Constituent or single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final 
Terms or, if the Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or 
(ii) in the case of a Basket, determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation".  
Initial Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Initial Reference Value means (a) the predetermined value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms or 
(b) the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as the case may be, determined on 
the Initial Observation Date and which will be (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single Underlying, 
the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the Information Source is 
not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of a Basket, determined 
in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation"; 
Interim Final Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interim Final Reference Value means the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, 
as the case may be, determined on the Interim Final Observation Date and which will be (i) in the case of 
a Basket Constituent or single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the 
Final Terms or, if the Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms 
or (ii) in the case of a Basket, determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation"

--- Page 165 ---
164 
 
 
Interim Initial Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interim Initial Reference Value means (a) the predetermined value(s) indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the value of the relevant Underlying, Basket or Basket Constituent, as the case may be, 
determined on the Interim Initial Observation Date and which will be (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent 
or single Underlying, the value published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of 
a Basket, determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket Calculation" 
Margin means the percentage to be added or to be subtracted (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
to the amount of the Spread multiplied by the Participation Factor; 
Participation Factor or PF means the multiplier used to determine the exposure of the Note to the spread 
between the values or the performances of two Underlyings; 
The Participation Factor may be higher than, or lower than, or equal to 1 (i.e. 100%) or equal to 0; 
Performance means the performance of the Underlying calculated according to the following formula: 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙−𝑃× 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
 
Where: 
P means the multiplier that (i) may be higher than, or lower than, or equal to 1 (i.e. 100%) or 
equal to 0 and (ii) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 means the Final Reference Value of the relevant Underlying;  
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 means the Initial Reference Value of the relevant Underlying; 
Reference Value means in relation to a Spread Interest Amount and an Underlying: 
(a) 
where such Spread Interest Amount is linked to the Spread between the prices or levels or values 
of two Underlyings:  
(i) 
if a single Observation Date is specified in the Final Terms in relation to the Underlying, 
the value of the Underlying on the relevant Observation Date as (i) in the case of a Basket 
Constituent or single Underlying, published by the Information Source specified in the 
Final Terms or, if the Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance 
with the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of a Basket, determined in accordance with the 
definition of "Basket Calculation";  
(ii) 
if more than one Observation Date is specified in the Final Terms in relation to the 
Underlying, the arithmetic mean of the values of such Underlying determined on the 
relevant Observation Dates, as (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single 
Underlying, published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms or 
(ii) in the case of a Basket, determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket 
Calculation".  
(b) 
where the Spread Interest Amount is linked to the Spread between the performance of two 
Underlyings, as the case may be, the Initial Reference Value or the Final Reference Value, the 
Interim Initial Reference Value or the Interim Final Reference Value of such Underlying, as the 
case may be;

--- Page 166 ---
165 
 
 
Spread means the value expressed as percentage calculated in accordance with one of the formulas below, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In particular, depending on the Underlyings, the Spread is 
calculated as the difference either: 
(i) 
in relation to Underlyings which are interest rates, inflation rates or swap rates only: 
Spread = Min[Cap1; Max(Floor1; Reference Value of Underlying 1)] – Min[Cap2; Max(Floor2; Reference 
Value of Underlying 2)]   
(ii) 
in relation to Underlyings other than interest rates, inflation rates or swap rates: 
Spread = Min[Cap1; Max(Floor1; Performance of Underlying 1  Rate Days Count Fraction)] – 
Min[Cap2; Max(Floor2; Performance of Underlying 2 Rate Days Count Fraction)]   
 
Where: 
Cap1 means, if applicable, the value expressed as a percentage, always higher than 0 per 
cent., indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
Floor1 means, if applicable, the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Cap2 means, if applicable, the value expressed as a percentage, always higher than 0 per 
cent., indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
Floor2 means, if applicable, the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Rate Days Count Fraction if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, has the meaning 
ascribed to it in the General Definitions above. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether, for the purpose of the calculation of the Spread, the Cap1 
and/or the Floor1 and/or the Cap2 and/or Floor2 will be applicable and the formula with only the components 
specified as applicable will be reflected in the relevant item “Formula for calculating the Spread”. 
Spread Interest Amount means the amount of interest determined as specified in this paragraph V; 
Spread Interest Payment Date means one or more Business Day(s), specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, on which the Issuer shall pay, in arrear the Spread Interest Amounts; 
Spread Option means the option that provides exposure to the difference between the values or the 
performance of two Underlyings multiplied by the Participation Factor; 
Underlying 1 means the underlying financial asset specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Underlying 2 means the underlying financial asset specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
V-2: 
The Spread Interest Amount provides exposure, to the extent of the Participation Factor, to the difference 
(the Spread) between the Reference Values or the Performances of two Underlyings. 
Each Spread Interest Amount will be paid to the Noteholder in arrear on the relevant Spread Interest 
Payment Date. The Maturity Date may fall on the Spread Interest Payment Date or, if there is more than 
one Spread Interest Payment Date, it may fall on one of the Spread Interest Payment Dates.

--- Page 167 ---
166 
 
 
The amount of each Spread Interest Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the formulas set out in paragraph V-3, where such amount is rounded to the nearest EUR cent (with 0.005 
EUR being rounded upwards) and it will be equal to the product of (A) the Calculation Amount, (B) the 
lower of (i) the Maximum Rate (if applicable); and (ii) the higher of (x) the Minimum Rate (if applicable) 
and (y) the Participation Factor multiplied by the higher of (a) 0 and (b) the Spread between the Reference 
Values or performances of two Underlyings specified in the applicable Final Terms, and increased or 
decreased by the Margin and (C) the Day Count Fraction (if applicable). 
It should be noted that the Participation Factor may be equal to, lower than or higher than 1 (100%) or equal 
to 0. In the case the Participation Factor is equal to 100% and the Margin is equal to 0, the Spread Interest 
Amount will be calculated by reference to the whole Spread. Conversely, if the applicable Participation 
Factor is lower than 100%, the Spread Interest Amount will be calculated by reference to a fraction of the 
Spread. Finally, if the applicable Participation Factor is higher than 100%, the Spread Interest Amount will 
be calculated by reference to a multiple of the Spread. 
V-3: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether, for the purpose of the calculation of the Spread Interest 
Amount, the Maximum Rate and/or the Minimum Rate and/or the Margin will be applicable and the formula 
with only the components specified as applicable will be reflected in the relevant item “Spread Interest 
Amount”. The formula applicable to the calculation of Spread Interest Amounts is as follows: 
C = CA  min {Maximum Rate; max {Minimum Rate; [PF  max (0; Spread) + Margin]}}  
Day Count Fraction 
Or  
C = CA  min {Maximum Rate; max {Minimum Rate; [PF  max (0; Spread) - Margin]}}  
Day Count Fraction 
Where: 
C means the Spread Interest Amount; 
CA means the Calculation Amount of the Notes; 
PF means the Participation Factor.  
(b) 
Fixed Rate Interest 
This Condition 3(b) applies to Notes bearing Fixed Rate Interest only. The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 3(b) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated 
on the Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, 
the Fixed Interest Accrual Dates, Fixed Interest Period(s), the Rate(s) of Interest, the Fixed Interest 
Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the 
Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Determination Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable Final Terms either (x) as 
the same Rate of Interest for all Fixed Interest Periods or (y) as a different Rate of Interest in respect 
of one or more Fixed Interest Periods. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest in respect of each Fixed Interest Period at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Fixed Interest Payment Date(s) 
in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. Such interest will be payable in respect of each

--- Page 168 ---
167 
 
 
Fixed Interest Period. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Fixed Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Fixed Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Fixed Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Fixed Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Fixed Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(3) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Fixed Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Where the Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Not 
applicable", the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Fixed Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Fixed Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by: 
(1) applying the relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount 
and,  
(2) in each case, multiplying such result by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of (i) the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount, (ii) the Specified 
Denomination and (iii) the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 169 ---
168 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Reset Rate Interest 
This Condition 3(c) applies to Notes bearing Fixed Reset Rate Interest only. The applicable Final 
Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed reset rate interest and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 3(c) for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on the Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Fixed Reset Interest Period, the Fixed Reset Interest Accrual Dates, the 
Initial Rate of Interest, the Fixed Reset Interest Payment Date(s), the Reset Date(s), the Reset Rate, 
the Reset Reference Rate(s), the Reset Margin(s), the Reset Determination Date(s), the Reset Rate 
Time, the Reset Rate Screen Page, the Mid Swap Maturity, the Day Count Fraction and the Relevant 
Financial Centre. 
Each Fixed Reset Rate Note bears interest: 
i. 
in respect of the period from (and including) first Fixed Reset Interest Accrual Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there is more 
than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the first Fixed Reset Interest 
Accrual Date (or the Interest Commencement Date)), at the rate per annum equal to the 
Initial Rate of Interest; and 
ii. 
in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each successive 
Reset Period thereafter), at such rate per annum as is equal to the relevant Reset Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in 
accordance with this Condition 3(c), 
(such periods under (a) and (b) above, collectively, the Fixed Reset Interest Period) 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the interest payment dates(s) (specified in the Final Terms) 
(each a Fixed Reset Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Fixed Reset Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Fixed Reset Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Fixed Reset Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Fixed 
Reset Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Fixed Reset Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Where the Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Not 
applicable", the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention.  
In these Terms and Conditions:

--- Page 170 ---
169 
 
 
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or, if the Specified 
Currency is not euro, the rate specified in the “Mid Swap Benchmark Rate” field in the applicable 
Final Terms for the Specified Currency. 
Mid Swap Maturity means the maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mid Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term 
of equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (b) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, and (c) has a floating leg based on the Mid 
Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be a 
state so specified in the applicable Final Terms) selected by the Issuer as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of bank debt 
securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant 
Reset Period. 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if 
the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations.   
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer), or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) 
market makers in pricing bank bond issues. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer. 
Reset Determination Date means for each Reset Period the date as specified in the Final Terms 
falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying 
during such Reset Period will be determined. 
Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Reset Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (if any) if there is only one Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each period 
from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date 
(or the Maturity Date).

--- Page 171 ---
170 
 
 
Reset Rate for any Reset Period means either (i) the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii), in the event (i) above does not apply, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the 
applicable Reset Reference Rate and (b) the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to four decimal 
places, with 0.00005 being rounded down). 
Reset Reference Rate means either: 
(A) 
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the 
Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date for such Reset Period; or 
(B) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference 
Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its 
nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
If "Mid Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms and if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the 
Calculation Agent (or the Issuer, if the Calculation Agent is the Principal Paying Agent) shall apply 
the Disruption Fallback(s) in respect of the Reset Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (provided that, if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are specified, unless otherwise provided in 
the applicable Final Terms, such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reset Reference Rate 
cannot be determined by applying the first specified Disruption Fallback, then the next specified 
Disruption Fallback shall apply).  
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Fixed Reset Interest Payment Date in respect of the period ending on (but 
excluding) the relevant accrual date will amount to the interest amount (the Fixed Reset Interest 
Amount). Payments of interest on any Fixed Reset Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Reset Interest Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Fixed Reset Interest Amount payable on the Fixed Reset Rate Notes for the relevant period by: 
(1) applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Reset Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Reset Rate Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Reset Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and,  
(2) in each case, multiplying such result by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Reset Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the

--- Page 172 ---
171 
 
 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Reset Rate Note shall be 
the product of (i) the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount, 
(ii) the Specified Denomination and (iii) the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.  
The Agent will cause the Reset Rate and each Fixed Reset Interest Amount for each Reset Period to 
be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant 
Fixed Reset Rate Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter.   
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3(c) by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c), Reset Date, Reset Margin, Reset Rate Screen Page and 
Reset Rate Time should have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Interest 
This Condition 3(d) applies to Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest only. The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 3(d) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated 
on Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any 
Floating Interest Payment Dates, any Floating Interest Period, any Floating Interest Accrual Dates, 
any Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention and any Additional Business Centres. 
In respect of Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party 
who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Calculation Agent, the Margin (if any), 
the Rate Multiplier (if any), whether Difference in Rates applies as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, any maximum or minimum interest rates, the Rate Day Count Fraction 
(if any) and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity 
and Reset Date. Where the Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination 
Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
i. 
Floating Interest Payment Dates 
Notes may bear interest in respect of each Floating Interest Period (which expression 
shall, in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) the first Floating Interest 
Accrual Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Floating Interest Accrual Date) and such interest will be payable in arrear on the interest 
payment dates(s) specified in the Final Terms (each a Floating Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Floating Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Floating Interest Payment Date would otherwise

--- Page 173 ---
172 
 
 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Floating Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Floating Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Floating Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Where the Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Not applicable", the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
ii. 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Notes bearing Floating Rate Interests 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Floating Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the 
relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the relevant Margin, if any, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and provided that the Rate of Interest may not be less than zero. For the 
purposes of this sub paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for a Floating Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(4) 
the applicable Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub paragraph (A): (i) Floating Rate, Calculation 
Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date and 
Disruption Fallbacks have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions; (ii) Margin and Rate Multiplier have the meanings given to those

--- Page 174 ---
173 
 
 
terms in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) "ISDA Definitions" means, in relation 
to any Series of Notes: 
(1) 
unless "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series), as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") (copies of which 
may be obtained from ISDA website); or 
(2) 
if "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) 
(and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA website), on 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest other than 
Notes bearing CMS Rate Linked Interest – Term Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination and Term Rate are both specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Floating Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 
a.m. Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, or at the Specified Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms on the Interest Determination Date in question, in 
each case multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and provided that the Rate of Interest may 
not be less than zero. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (ii)(B)(1) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii)(B)(2) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the 
preceding paragraph, in order to determine the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Agent shall apply the Disruption Fallback(s) in respect of the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that, if two or more Disruption 
Fallbacks are specified, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order specified in the applicable

--- Page 175 ---
174 
 
 
Final Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference 
Rate cannot be determined by applying the first specified Disruption Fallback, 
then the next specified Disruption Fallback shall apply). 
However, if in relation to any Interest Determination Date: 
(i) the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) 
an arithmetic mean in accordance with the provisions set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; or  
(ii) a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean cannot be published in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations (in particular, the 
Benchmark Regulation) in relation to any Interest Determination Date,  
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Floating Interest Period 
will be (i) the last offered quotation or (i) the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the last offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, which appeared on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in each case multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), Interest Determination Date, 
Disruption Fallbacks, Margin, Rate Multiplier, Reference Rate, Relevant 
Screen Page and Specified Time shall have the meanings given to those terms 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest other than 
CMS Rate Linked Interest Notes – Overnight Rate (SONIA, SOFR and Other 
Overnight Rate)  
(1) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(1) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Floating Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(1): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to a Floating Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑

--- Page 176 ---
175 
 
 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Floating 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
"do" means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Floating Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means each London Banking Day from one to do; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Floating Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Floating Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days preceding the first 
day of such Floating Interest Period (and the first Floating Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days preceding the Floating Interest Payment Date 
for such Floating Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Floating Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms which 
shall not be less than 3 (three) London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate 
for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for:

--- Page 177 ---
176 
 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a 
non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate 
for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Floating Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then the Calculation Agent shall apply the 
Disruption Fallback(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided 
that, if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are specified, unless otherwise 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply in the order specified in the applicable Final Terms, such that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate cannot be 
determined by applying the first specified Disruption Fallback, then the 
next specified Disruption Fallback shall apply). However, if in relation to 
any Interest Determination Date: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may 
be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the provisions set out in 
the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean cannot be published 
in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations (in particular, 
the Benchmark Regulation) in relation to any Interest Determination 
Date,  
for the determination of the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Floating Interest Period , the rate to be used will be the last rate available on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or which has been otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors).  
The Rate of Interest for such Floating Interest Period will be the Compounded 
Daily SONIA so determined multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
(2) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR  
(i) 
This Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(2) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Floating Interest Period will, subject as provided

--- Page 178 ---
177 
 
 
below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each 
Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(2): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Floating Interest Period in accordance with the specific 
formulas and other provisions set out in this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(2). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this 
reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula 
and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then 
the provisions under Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(2)(v) below will apply. 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Floating Interest Period, means:  
a. 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily 
SOFR", the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed 
in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
Where 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Floating 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. 
"do" means : 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Floating Interest Period; or

--- Page 179 ---
178 
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day from one to do; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Floating 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Floating Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first day in such Floating Interest Period (and the first Floating 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Floating Interest Payment Date for such Floating Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Floating Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms which shall not be less than 3 (three) U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i";  
b. where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily 
SOFR Index", the rate computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to 0.00001): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 −1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
 
Where 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR 
Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website

--- Page 180 ---
179 
 
 
at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value for the day which is 5 
(five) U.S. Government Securities Business Days, or such other number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (“SOFR IndexStart Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days”), preceding the first date of the relevant Floating Interest 
Period; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value for the day which is 5 
(five), or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days (“SOFR IndexEnd Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days”), preceding the Floating Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Floating Interest Period;  
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR 
IndexStart to (but excluding) SOFR IndexEnd; 
“Interest Determination Date” means the day that is the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Floating Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the relevant Floating Interest Period, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(2)(v) below, if the rate specified in (i) 
above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
(iv) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily 
SOFR Index" and if, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the SOFR Index value does not so appear on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at the SOFR Determination Time, then:

--- Page 181 ---
180 
 
 
a) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR shall be 
the rate determined pursuant to the "SOFR Index Unavailable" provisions 
below; or  
b) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR shall be the 
rate determined pursuant to Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(2)(v) below.  
SOFR Index Unavailable 
If a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the associated Interest 
Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(2)(v) 
below) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR shall be, 
for the applicable Floating Interest Period for which such index is not available, 
the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated in 
accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required for 
such formula, published on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-ratesinformation.  
For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be 
replaced with "Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- 
calendar days" shall be removed. If the daily SOFR (SOFRi) does not so appear 
for any day, “i" in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website;  
(v) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any select 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; 
(iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders 
of the Notes or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR 
used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 182 ---
181 
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(iii) the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as 
a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
or an Independent Adviser giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current 
Benchmark 
with 
the 
applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or an Independent Adviser 
decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent or an Independent Adviser decide that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent or an Independent Adviser determine that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or an Independent Adviser 
determine is reasonably necessary). Provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if 
a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred with regard to the daily published 
component used in the calculation of a Benchmark, but not with regard to the 
Benchmark itself, “Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” shall also 
mean that the Calculation Agent or an Independent Adviser may calculate the 
Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark in accordance with the formula

--- Page 183 ---
182 
 
 
for and method of calculating such Benchmark last in effect prior to Benchmark 
Replacement Date affecting such component, substituting the affected 
component with the relevant Benchmark Replacement for such component; 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of the definition of 
"Benchmark Transition Event" below, the later of (x) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(y) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), (e) or (f) of the definition of 
"Benchmark Transition Event" below, the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) the Benchmark has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
or 
(b) a public statement by the administrator of the Benchmark that it has 
ceased, or will cease, publishing such Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of such Benchmark); or 
(c) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Benchmark that such Benchmark has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (as applicable) that means that such Benchmark will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Benchmark that, in the view of such supervisor, such Benchmark is no 
longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(f) it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
relevant Benchmark (as applicable) (including, without limitation, 
under the BMR, if applicable). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the 
Benchmark methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Transition Event. In 
the event of a change in the formula and/or (mathematical or other) methodology

--- Page 184 ---
183 
 
 
used to measure the Relevant Benchmark, reference shall be made to the 
Benchmark based on the formula and/or methodology as changed. 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No. 596/2014 as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser of recognised 
standing with relevant experience in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any 
successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time 
to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and 
(ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the 
Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(2)(v) above will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) 
the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(2); and

--- Page 185 ---
184 
 
 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
and/or 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment. 
(vii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for 
a variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(2)(v) above.  
(viii) However, if in relation to any Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
is unable to determine the Reference Rate or the Reference Rate or (as the case 
may be) an arithmetic mean cannot be published in accordance with the 
applicable laws and regulations (in particular, the Benchmark Regulation), for 
the determination of the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Floating Interest Period, the Reference Rate applicable to such Floating Interest 
Period shall be equal to the last value published on the Relevant Screen Page to 
be used for the determination of the Reference Rate as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Margin (if any). For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Floating Interest Period. 
(3) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Other Overnight Rate  
Where Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Calculation Method 
either as Compounded Daily Rate (in which case the provisions of paragraph (1) 
below shall apply) or Weighted Average Rate (in which case the provisions of 
paragraph (2) below shall apply). 
If, in respect of any Relevant Business Day on which an applicable rate is 
required to be determined, such rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
(and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
then the Calculation Agent shall apply the Disruption Fallback(s) in respect of 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that, if two 
or more Disruption Fallbacks are specified, unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Rate cannot be determined by applying the first 
specified Disruption Fallback, then the next specified Disruption Fallback shall 
apply). However, if in relation to any Interest Determination Date: 
(i) the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) 
an arithmetic mean in accordance with the provisions set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; or  
(ii) a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean cannot be published in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations (in particular, the 
Benchmark Regulation) in relation to any Interest Determination Date,  
for the determination of the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Floating Interest Period , the rate to be used in the Calculation Method specified 
in the applicable Final Terms will be the last rate available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or which has been otherwise published by the relevant authorised

--- Page 186 ---
185 
 
 
distributors).  
The Rate of Interest for such Floating Interest Period will be the Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate or the Weighted Average Reference Rate so determined 
(depending on the Calculation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), Interest Determination Date, 
Disruption Fallbacks, Margin, Rate Multiplier, Reference Rate and 
Relevant Screen Page shall have the meanings given to those terms in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(1) Calculation Method – Compounded Daily Rate  
Where the applicable Final Terms specify the Calculation Method as 
Compounded Daily Rate, the Rate of Interest for a Floating Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin, where:  
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to a Floating 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the 
Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate – being the Other 
Overnight Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):  
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 𝐷
𝑑 
 
where:  
“D” is the number of calendar days specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“d” means: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Floating Interest 
Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
“do” means: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final

--- Page 187 ---
186 
 
 
Terms, the number of Relevant Business Days in the relevant Floating 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Relevant Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period;  
“i” means each Relevant Business Day from one to d0;  
“ni” for any Relevant Business Day “i”, in the relevant Floating Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Relevant Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following 
Relevant Business Day;  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of a Floating Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" Relevant Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Floating Interest Period (and the first Floating Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, 
the date falling "p" Relevant Business Days preceding the Floating Interest 
Payment Date for such Floating Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Relevant 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
“p” for any Floating Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of Relevant Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
which shall not be less than 3 (three) Relevant Business Days;  
“r” means, if “Other Overnight Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the applicable Reference Rate, the Other Overnight Rate in respect of the 
Relevant Business Day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“ri” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” above 
for:  
(a) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Relevant Business Day falling “p” Relevant Business 
Days prior to the applicable Relevant Business Day “i”; or  
(b) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Relevant Business Day “i”. 
“RBD” means a “Relevant Business Day”, being any day which is a business 
day within the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(2) Calculation Method – Weighted Average Rate  
Where the applicable Final Terms specify the Calculation Method as Weighted 
Average Rate, the Rate of Interest for a Floating Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin, where:  
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means, as calculated by the Calculation

--- Page 188 ---
187 
 
 
Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the 
following sub-paragraphs (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):  
(a) where ‘Lag’ is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the Reference Rates in respect of each calendar day during 
the relevant Floating Interest Period divided by the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Floating Interest Period (and, for these purposes, the Reference Rate 
in respect of any such calendar day which is not a Relevant Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day); or  
(b) where ‘Lock-out’ is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the Reference Rates in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Floating Interest Period divided by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Floating Interest Period (and, for these purposes, the 
Reference Rate in respect of any such calendar day which is not a Relevant 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day), provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Floating Interest Period falling in the 
Lock-out Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Reference 
Rate will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in respect of the Relevant Business 
Day immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the relevant 
Floating Interest Period.  
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest which are 
Notes bearing CMS Rate Linked Interest  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Floating Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the CMS 
Rate multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and provided that the Rate of Interest may 
not be less than zero. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent (or the Issuer, 
if the Calculation Agent is the Principal Paying Agent) shall apply the 
Disruption Fallback(s) in respect of the CMS Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (provided that, if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are specified, 
unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, such Disruption 
Fallbacks shall apply in the order specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
that if the Calculation Agent determines that the CMS Rate cannot be 
determined by applying the first specified Disruption Fallback, then the next 
specified Disruption Fallback shall apply).  
However, if in relation to any Interest Determination Date: 
(i) the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) 
an arithmetic mean in accordance with the provisions set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; or

--- Page 189 ---
188 
 
 
(ii) a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean cannot be published in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations (in particular, the 
Benchmark Regulation) in relation to any Interest Determination Date,  
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be 
the last CMS Rate appeared on the Relevant Screen Page multiplied by the 
relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the relevant Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D): 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Designated Maturity, Interest Determination Date(s), Margin, Rate 
Multiplier, Reference Currency, Relevant Screen Page and Specified Time 
shall have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Swap Rate means 
1) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Floating 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters or EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the ISDA and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes)  with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market 
practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
2) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on 
the first day of the relevant Floating Interest Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) 
day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than 
one year, to GBP LIBOR-BBA or GBP-LIBOR (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity of six months or (B) if the 
Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP LIBOR-BBA or GBP-
LIBOR with a designated maturity of three months; 
3) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market

--- Page 190 ---
189 
 
 
semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on 
the first day of the relevant Floating Interest Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to USD LIBOR-BBA or USD-LIBOR (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and 
4) where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(E) 
Difference in Rates 
Where Difference in Rates is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Floating Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Difference 
in Rates multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and provided that the Rate of Interest may 
not be less than zero. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (E): 
Difference in Rates means an amount equal to Rate 2 minus Rate 1, provided 
that if such amount is less than zero, it shall be deemed to be zero; and 
Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable 
Final Terms, and each shall be determined in accordance with subparagraph (A), 
(B), (C) (C) above as specified in the applicable Final Terms, as if each of Rate 
1 and Rate 2 were an ISDA Rate, a Reference Rate or a CMS Rate, as 
appropriate. 
(F) 
Benchmark replacement 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply. 
If the Substitute Rate is specified as "Not applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
then: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser for the determination of a Successor Rate or of an alternative rate

--- Page 191 ---
190 
 
 
(the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") (if the Independent Adviser 
determines that there is no Successor Rate) and, in either case, an 
alternative screen page or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than ten (10) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period (the "Interest Determination Cut-off 
Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(F)); 
(ii) the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines has replaced the relevant Reference 
Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating 
rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith believes is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such 
page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the 
Independent Adviser cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, 
then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no 
such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Reference 
Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined 
by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page 
of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
provided however that if (a) this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer 
is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page no later than five (5) Business Days prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), or (b) in case of Notes 
which qualify as eligible liabilities under MREL Requirements and 
Benchmark Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
provisions under this Condition 3(d)(ii)(F) would cause the occurrence of 
a MREL Disqualification Event, then the Reference Rate applicable to 
such Interest Period shall be equal to the last value published on the 
Relevant Screen Page to be used for the determination of the Reference 
Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by the relevant 
Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the relevant Margin (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period, and 
any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 
3(d)(ii)(F);

--- Page 192 ---
191 
 
 
(iv) if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the Reference Rate and the 
Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(F) and shall 
be multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Margin (if any) for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all 
future Interest Periods; 
(v)  if the Independent Adviser determines that (a) an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and (b) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate;  
(vi) if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser may also specify amendments to the Day Count 
Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate 
applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, 
which amendments shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(F)); and 
(vii) references to the Reference Rate in the Conditions and the Final Terms will 
be deemed to be references to the Successor Rate or to the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in paragraphs (v) and (vi) if applicable, 
the Independent Adviser will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as 
reasonably practicable and the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Noteholders and the Agent specifying the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate, as well as the details described in this 
paragraph. The replacement by the Successor Rate or by the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and the other matters referred to above will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Agent and the Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for 
a variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with paragraphs (v) and 
(vi) above. 
If the Substitute Rate is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
then: 
(i) 
such rate (and the spread adjustment indicated in the relevant Final

--- Page 193 ---
192 
 
 
Terms, if applicable) and the related screen page or source (indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) shall automatically replace the Reference 
Rate for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods; 
(ii) 
references to the Reference Rate in the Conditions and the Final Terms 
will be deemed to be references to the Substitute Rate; and 
(iii) 
the replacement by the Substitute Rate and the other matters referred to 
above will be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Agent and the Noteholders. 
Provided that, if the applicable Final Terms specifies more than one Successor 
Rate and/or more than one spread adjustment, this means that – if the Calculation 
Agent cannot determine the first Successor Rate and/or the first spread 
adjustment – the Reference Rate shall be substituted by one of the other 
Substitute Rates in the order specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
adjustment spread shall be one of the other alternatives in the order specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(F), if in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under 
this Condition 3(d)(ii)(F), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination 
and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
iii. 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will - at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined - determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable in relation to the relevant Interest Period by:   
(1) 
applying the Rate of Interest, multiplied to the Rate Days Count Fraction if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms to: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, 
(2) in each case, multiplying such result by the applicable Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 194 ---
193 
 
 
The resultant figure will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of (i) the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and (ii) the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
iv. 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
v. 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest are for the time being 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the first day on the Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes 
bearing Floating Rate Interest are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
vi. 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3 by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such

--- Page 195 ---
194 
 
 
provisions. 
vii. 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with this Condition 3 above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with this Condition 3 above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
The Minimum Rate of Interest and the Maximum Rate of Interest may be the same 
throughout all the Interest Periods, or it may change in relation to each Interest Period, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Minimum Rate of Interest and the Maximum Rate of Interest may be: 
(i) 
a Fixed Rate; 
(ii) 
a Reference Rate increased or decreased by a Margin, specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms;  
(iii) 
a rate linked to the Reference Value or to the performance of an Underlying 
(determined in accordance to the method of calculation of the Call Performance 
(as set out in Condition 3(a)), to the extent of the Participation Factor (that may 
be equal to, higher than or lower than 100%, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).  
viii. 
Global Cap / Global Floor 
The Notes may provide for the application of a Global Cap or a Global Floor. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for a Global Cap, this means that the sum of the 
Interest Amounts paid during the life of the Note may not be higher than the percentage 
of the Calculation Amount indicated in the Final Terms as "Global Cap". 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for a Global Floor, this means that the sum of the 
Interest Amounts paid during the life of the Note may not be lower than the percentage 
of the Calculation Amount indicated in the Final Terms as "Global Floor". When the sum 
of the Interests does not reach the Global Floor, the Note will pay, at maturity, an 
additional Interest Amount whose amount is equal to the difference between the Global 
Floor and the sum of the Interest Amounts paid during the life of the Note. 
(e) 
Change of Interest Basis 
i. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
3(a), Condition 3(b), Condition 3(c) or Condition 3(d) above, each applicable only for

--- Page 196 ---
195 
 
 
the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ii. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
option (any such option, a Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, 
change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Fixed Reset 
Rate or from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or Fixed Reset Rate  or as otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option 
Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), 
provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the 
outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will 
be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the 
Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch 
Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where 
a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, 
the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis 
shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject 
to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant 
to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 15 prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date. 
(f) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal and/or delivery of all assets deliverable is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
i. 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid and/or all assets 
deliverable in respect of such Note have been delivered; and 
ii. 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and/or all assets in respect of such Note have been 
received by any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
(i) 
Method of payment – Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of

--- Page 197 ---
196 
 
 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) 
where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or any other relevant clearing system are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business 
on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (the Record 
Date). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account 
or (ii) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or integral 
multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a 
Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account means the account 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
Designated Bank means (i) (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a 
bank in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and (ii) (in the 
case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured 
mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located 
immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of 
the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is 
a business day) before the Record Date at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date 
and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than 
three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due 
date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by 
transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application 
for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on 
redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made 
the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of 
such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
(ii) 
Method of payment – Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of Bearer Notes will be made against presentation outside the 
United States or its possessions and surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes to the Issuer and Paying 
Agent at the office of the Principal Paying Agent outside of the United States or its possessions as

--- Page 198 ---
197 
 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payments of interest in respect of Bearer Notes will be made against presentation outside the 
United States or its possessions of the relevant Bearer Notes to the Issuer and Paying Agent at the 
office of the Issuer and Paying Agent outside the United States or its possessions as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject, in the case of payments made in respect of the Temporary 
Global Note of any Series, to certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not United States persons, or persons who have 
purchased for resale directly or indirectly to any United States person or to a person within the 
United States or its possessions, as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. 
In either case, with regard to Bearer Global Notes, such payments will be made outside the United 
States by transfer to the account of the bearer. 
(iii) 
Method of payment - General 
Subject as provided above and below: 
i. 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
ii. 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque. 
(iv) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases, to (a) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, (b) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any U.S. 
Treasury Regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto, and (c) if the Structured Rate Interest is determined by reference to shares in a U.S. 
company, any withholding or deduction by reason of Section 871(m) of the Code and the U.S. 
Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, or any published administrative guidance 
implementing such Section or regulations, imposing a U.S. withholding tax on certain “dividend 
equivalents” under certain “equity linked instruments”. 
(v) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 4(ii) above only against presentation and surrender of 
definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender of Coupons, in 
each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction). 
Bearer Notes in definitive form bearing Fixed Rate Interest should be presented for payment

--- Page 199 ---
198 
 
 
together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose 
include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years 
from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Bearer Note in definitive form bearing Fixed Rate Interest becoming due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Bearer Note bearing Structured Rate Interest and/or Floating Rate 
Interest in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) 
relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
(vi) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made 
by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
i. 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
ii. 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
iii. 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 200 ---
199 
 
 
(vii) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
(viii) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
i. 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7; 
ii. 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
iii. 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
iv. 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
v. 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
vi. 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
vii. 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
viii. 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest 
under Condition 7. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE - GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(i) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note (other than 
any Note specified to be a Dual Currency Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms) will be 
redeemed at least at par by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note specified 
to be a Dual Currency Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Payment Currency on the Maturity 
Date. The relevant Reference Exchange Rate shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7 
below.  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are Instalment Notes, each Note will be 
redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Redemption for tax reasons

--- Page 201 ---
200 
 
 
If Condition 8(i) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part at any time (if this Note is not bearing 
Structured Rate Interest and/or Floating Rate Interests) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is bearing Structured Rate Interest and/or Floating Rate Interest and/or is a Dual Currency 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 15, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
i. 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8(i) as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, the Republic of Italy having the power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
ii. 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent: (x) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the relevant 
requirement referred to in Condition 8(ii)a) above will apply on the occasion of the next payment 
due in respect of the Notes and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; and (y) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(ii) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (v) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
If Condition 8(ii) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 8(ii) shall not 
apply to the Notes. 
In relation to Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, any early 
redemption is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements (including, 
without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if required, as 
specified in paragraph (vii) below of this Condition). 
(iii) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
i. 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15; and 
ii. 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in i, notice to the Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or

--- Page 202 ---
201 
 
 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed 
Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (iii) and 
notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
In relation to Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, any early 
redemption is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements (including, 
without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if required, as 
specified in paragraph (vii) below of this Condition). 
(iv) 
Redemption or sale at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer notice in accordance with Condition 15 and within the terms specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, (i) redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date or (ii) buy 
such Note on the date and at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption or sale of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver at 
least 5 (five) Business Days before the exercise of the right to require redemption/sale of this Note 
(the Put Notice Period), at the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, any Paying 
Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Registrar or Paying Agent falling within 
the Put Notice Period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, 
an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. If this Note is in definitive form, 
the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Registrar or the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and 
held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption/sale of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the Put Notice Period, give notice 
to the Registrar or Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for them to the Registrar or Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form

--- Page 203 ---
202 
 
 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is 
represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant 
Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption/sale an Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith 
due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
In relation to Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, any early 
redemption is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements (including, 
without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if required, as 
specified in paragraph (vii) below of this Condition). 
(v) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8(ii) and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount as follows: 
i. 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
ii. 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note) 
with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price 
or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is 
denominated, at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount 
or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
iii. 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at the Amortised Face Amount. 
(vi) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(vi): 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by means, if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified 
as applicable, the n-th futures contract that has the same features of the futures contract indicated 
as Underlying. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify:  
(i) 
the ordinal number of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by to be used for the 
determination of the: 
- 
Mandatory Initial Reference Value or the Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value 
and/or  
- 
the Reference Value (other than the Mandatory Initial Reference Value or Mandatory 
Interim Initial Reference Value); and  
(ii) 
if the Mandatory Initial Reference Value or Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value 
of the Underlying will be determined on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by.

--- Page 204 ---
203 
 
 
In such case, the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will be the n-th futures contract that 
has an expiration date which is the closest (but beyond) to the Mandatory Initial 
Observation Date or Mandatory Interim Initial Observation Date(s); and/or  
(iii) 
if Rolling is specified as applicable. In such case, the Reference Value (other than the 
Mandatory Initial Reference Value or Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value) will 
be determined on the basis of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by that will be the n-th 
futures contract with an expiration date which is the closest (but beyond) to any 
observation date/period during the lifetime of the Notes.  
When the Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the futures contract indicated as Underlying, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant N-th Near-by Initial Date and/or the relevant 
Rollover Date(s). On the N-th Near-by Initial Date and/or the Rollover Dates, the Noteholders will 
be 
notified 
through 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature means, if specified as applicable and when the 
Underlying is a futures contract, the feature pursuant to which the Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to determine, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Mandatory Initial Reference Value or Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value will 
be determined on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by; and/or 
(ii) 
if Rolling is specified as applicable. In such case, the Reference Value in relation to any 
observation date/period during the lifetime of the Notes (other than the Mandatory Initial 
Reference Value or Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value) will be determined on the 
basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by; 
Mandatory Early Payment Date means the Business Day on which the Issuer will pay the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount to the Noteholders; 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is an amount that will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and will be paid to the Noteholders on the relevant Mandatory Early Payment Date if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event occurs;  
Mandatory Early Redemption Event means, if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent determines that in the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation 
Period the Reference Value, Performance or Spread, as applicable, as determined pursuant to the 
terms set out in the relevant Final Terms is lower, equal to or higher than the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Level, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Level means, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, the 
value or the percentage specified in relation to the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Period 
in the relevant Final Terms;  
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Period means the period composed of one or more 
day(s), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, for which the Calculation Agent determines 
whether the Reference Value, Performance or Spread of the Underlying is lower than, equal to, or 
higher than the Mandatory Early Redemption Level and therefore whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Event has occurred. For the purposes of calculating the arithmetic mean of a 
Reference Value, two or more Mandatory Interim Observation Dates may be specified in relation 
to a Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Period, in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 205 ---
204 
 
 
If there is more than one Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Period, the relevant Final Terms 
will specify the First Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Period, the Second Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Period and so forth.  
The above provisions apply provided that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Market 
Disruption Event pursuant to Condition 6 below has not occurred in the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Period. In such case, without prejudice to the provisions contained in 
Condition 6 below relating to the Reference Value continuously observed, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Period will be postponed to the immediately following Business Day on 
which the Market Disruption Event is no longer taking place; 
Mandatory Initial Observation Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Mandatory Initial Reference Value means (i) the predetermined value(s) indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) the Reference Value as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Mandatory Initial Observation Date. 
Mandatory Interim Initial Observation Date means the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value means (i) the predetermined value(s) indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the Reference Value as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Mandatory Interim Initial Observation Date. 
Mandatory Interim Reference Value means the Reference Value as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Mandatory Interim Observation Date. 
Mandatory Observation Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
N-th Near-by Initial Date means, when the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and that the Mandatory Initial Reference Value or 
Mandatory Interim Initial Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the Futures Contract 
N-th Near-by, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by will replace the futures contract indicated as Underlying.  
As soon as the Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the futures contract on the N-th Near-by 
Initial Date, the Noteholders will be notified of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by which will be 
the 
Underlying, 
by 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Performance means  
1) the performance of the relevant Underlying calculated as:  
(A) 
The value of the relevant Underlying (the Underlying(i)) determined in accordance with 
the following formula (the Single Performance SV): 
Single Performance(i) SV =   
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙−𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
 
Where: 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 means the Reference Value of the relevant Underlying on the relevant

--- Page 206 ---
205 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Period;  
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 means the Initial Reference Value of the relevant Underlying; 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the value of the relevant Underlying (the Underlying(i)) 
determined in accordance with one of the following formulas specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the Single Performance AM): 
Single 
Performance(i) 
AM 
= 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
 
or 
Single Performance(i) AM =
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
 
or 
Single Performance(i) AM =
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 −𝑃×𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖)
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
 
Where 
P means the multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Multiplier Factor; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍  means the Reference Value of the relevant Underlying in the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Period;  
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍  means the Mandatory Initial Reference Value of the relevant 
Underlying; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆 means the arithmetic mean of the Mandatory Interim 
Reference Values of the relevant Underlying; 
𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈(𝒊)
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 𝑨𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆 means the arithmetic mean of the Mandatory Interim Initial 
Reference Values of the relevant Underlying; 
2) the performance of the relevant Basket (the Basket Performance) calculated as  
(A) 
the performance of the Basket (the Basket(i)) determined as the sum of the performance 
of each Basket Constituent multiplied by the relevant Basket Constituent Weight, in 
accordance with the following formula (the Basket Performance SV): 
Basket Performance(i) SV = ∑
𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝑆𝑉 × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
n means the number of the Basket Constituents; 
𝑺𝒊𝒏𝒈𝒍𝒆 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆(𝒊)𝑺𝑽 means the performance calculated as a value for each

--- Page 207 ---
206 
 
 
Basket Constituent in accordance with the formula specified above at paragraph 1(A); 
W(i) means the Basket Constituent Weight. The Basket Constituent Weight is a percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the performance of the Basket (the Basket(i)) determined as the 
sum of the performances calculated as the arithmetic mean of the performance of each 
Basket Constituent multiplied by the relevant Basket Constituent Weight, in accordance 
with the following formula (the Basket Performance AM): 
Basket Performance(i) AM = ∑
𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑖)𝐴𝑀 × 𝑊(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
n means the number of the Basket Constituents; 
𝑺𝒊𝒏𝒈𝒍𝒆 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆(𝒊)𝑨𝑴 means the performance calculated as the arithmetic mean 
of the performance of each Basket Constituent determined in accordance with one of the 
formulas specified above at paragraph 1(B); 
W(i) means the Basket Constituent Weight. The Basket Constituent Weight is a percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Value means the value of the Underlying as (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or 
single Underlying, either (a) observed continuously in the regular trading hours during the relevant 
period, as displayed on the applicable Information Source and as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (b) published by the Information Source specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
Information Source is not available, as determined in accordance with the Final Terms; or (ii) in 
the case of a Basket, determined in accordance with the foregoing definition of "Calculation of 
Basket". When the Underlying is represented by a futures contract and if the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by Feature and/or Rolling are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, means 
the value of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by on the relevant observation date/period;  
Rolling means the feature that may be specified as applicable when the Futures Contract N-th 
Near-by Feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to which the Issuer 
will be entitled to determine the Reference Value in relation to any observation date during the 
lifetime of the Notes (other than the Mandatory Initial Reference Value or Mandatory Interim 
Initial Reference Value) on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by; 
Rollover Date(s) means, if Rolling is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will replace 
the futures contract indicated as the Underlying in the applicable Final Terms. As soon as the 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the futures contract specified as Underlying on the 
Rollover Date, the Noteholders will be notified of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by which will 
be 
the 
Underlying, 
by 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com; 
Spread means the value expressed as percentage calculated in accordance with one of the formulas 
below, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In particular, depending on the Underlyings, the 
Spread is calculated as the difference either:: 
(i) 
in relation to Underlyings which are interest rates, inflation rates or swap rates only: 
Spread = Reference Value of the Underlying 1 – Reference Value of the Underlying 2

--- Page 208 ---
207 
 
 
(ii) 
in relation to Underlyings other than interest rates, inflation rates or swap rates: 
Spread = Performance of the Underlying 1 – Performance of the Underlying 2   
*** 
The Notes, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for the possibility of automatic 
early redemption. Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Event, the Noteholders 
are entitled to receive the payment of the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount. 
A Mandatory Early Redemption Event may occur if the Reference Value, Performance or Spread 
with reference to a Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Period is lower than, equal to or higher 
than Mandatory Early Redemption Level (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms), in which case 
the Notes will be automatically redeemed and the Noteholder will receive on the Mandatory Early 
Payment Date the payment of the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount. 
In relation to Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, any early 
redemption is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements. 
(vii) 
Redemption of Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
a) Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase  
Any call, redemption, repurchase, repayment or modification of eligible Notes is subject, to 
the extent such Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements (so called eligible liabilities), to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in 
the Relevant Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authtority, in 
agreement with the Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the 
Relevant Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from 
time to time under the applicable laws and regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) 
such Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that any 
such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-
paragraphs (a) or (b) of the preceding paragraph.

--- Page 209 ---
208 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
b) Exercise due to a MREL Disqualification Event  
In relation to Notes qualified as f MREL eligible liablities at the time of their issuance, if the 
Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the 
Issuer in its discretion may, having given a notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), which will specify the scheduled date for redemption and payment 
of the relevant amount, redeem such Series of Notes, in whole but not in part, then 
outstanding at any time at their nominal amount together with any outstanding interest.   
(viii) 
Purchases 
The Issuer  may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
In relation to Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the Issuer 
may at any time purchase Notes in compliance with the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority, if 
required, as specified in paragraph (vii) above of this Condition).  
(ix) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together, in the case of definitive Bearer 
Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the 
time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
paragraph (vii) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall 
be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(x) 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 
5(v) above. 
(xi) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 5 (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in the definition of 
Amortised Face Amount as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or 
the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of: 
i. 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and

--- Page 210 ---
209 
 
 
ii. 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
6. 
MARKET DISRUPTIONS AND ADJUSTMENTS  
(a) 
Market Disruption Events in relation to Underlyings 
If during the tenor of the Notes, a disruption to the regular determination of the Reference 
Value of an Underlying occurs in relation to such Underlying (a Market Disruption 
Event), the Calculation Agent will act as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Reference Value of an Underlying cannot be determined on the scheduled date, the 
Calculation Agent or the entity responsible for the determination and publication of the 
value of the relevant Underlying will determine such value on the basis of: 
1) 
the first determination immediately prior to or following the scheduled determination 
date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
2) 
a determination method in accordance with the best market practice and with the 
applicable laws and regulations (in particular, the Benchmark Regulation) of the 
relevant Underlying. 
Such determinations will be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
However, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value continuously 
observed cannot be determined at any time on any relevant period by reason of the 
occurrence of an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event, then the Reference Value 
continuously observed at such time on such period shall be disregarded for the purposes of 
determining the occurrence of the Knock-out Event, the Knock-in Event and/or the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event, as the case may be. 
If on the eighth scheduled date from the scheduled date originally expected, a Market 
Disruption Event is continuing, the value of the relevant Underlying will be determined as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, the Issuer may redeem the Notes 
early at their nominal amount together with any outstanding interest, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In relation to Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early redemption of such Notes is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements.  
(b) 
Adjustment Event in relation to Underlyings 
If during the tenor of the Notes, an exceptional event that modifies the structure of an 
Underlying or threatens its existence or adversely affects the calculation of its value or any 
other similar event of an exceptional nature (an Adjustment Event) occurs, the Calculation 
Agent will act as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such events may include, without termination: 
1) 
the occurrence of an extraordinary event (such as a merger, a share split, a 
consolidation, an increase of corporate capital) in relation to the issuer of the 
relevant Underlying;

--- Page 211 ---
210 
 
 
2) 
the delisting of the Underlying from the relevant market; 
3) 
the modification of the method of calculation of the Underlying; 
4) 
the replacement or cancellation of the relevant Information Source. 
On the occurrence of one of these events, the Calculation Agent or the entity responsible 
for the calculation and publication of the value of the relevant Underlying, will make 
appropriate adjustments to one or more of the calculation parameters and, if necessary, will 
replace the Underlying, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and 
with the aim of preserving as far as possible the original features of the Notes and in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations (in particular, the Benchmark 
Regulation). 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred and its negative effects cannot be corrected as 
described, the Issuer may: (i) apply the provisions of Market Disruption Events as detailed 
under 6(a) above, or, as alternative, (ii) redeem the Notes early at their nominal amount 
together with any outstanding interest. The Noteholders will be notified by the Issuer by 
way of a notice on the Issuer's website.  
In relation to Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early redemption of such Notes is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements.  
(c) 
Incorrect values published by the Information Source 
If during the tenor of the Notes, the Information Source of the Underlying publishes 
incorrect values in relation to such Underlying and subsequently rectifies such incorrect 
values, the Calculation Agent will consider the values of the Underlying as amended by the 
Information Source, provided that these amendments are promptly disclosed in accordance 
with the methodologies specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
DUAL CURRENCY NOTES 
(i) 
Payments in Payment Currency 
If the Notes are specified to be Dual Currency Interest Notes in the applicable Final Terms, all 
payments of interest in respect of such Dual Currency Interest Notes shall be made in the Payment 
Currency. 
If the Notes are specified to be Dual Currency Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, 
all amounts payable in respect of such Dual Currency Redemption Notes upon redemption of such 
Dual Currency Redemption Notes pursuant to Conditions 5(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above or upon 
their becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 8 shall be made in the Payment 
Currency. 
The Calculation Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the Payment Currency by applying 
the Reference Exchange Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the Specified 
Currency were it not for this Condition 7(i). 
Such payment shall be made on the date such payment would otherwise be payable, provided that, 
if the Rate Calculation Date is postponed in accordance with the provisions below, such payment 
shall be made the Number of Rate Calculation Business Days after the Rate Calculation Date (as 
so postponed). No additional interest shall be payable in respect of any such delay.

--- Page 212 ---
211 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, Condition 4(vi) (Payment Day) shall apply to such payment. 
(ii) 
Definitions 
Cumulative Postponement Longstop Date means, in respect of any postponement by a number 
of days equal to the Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement, the last day of such 
postponement. 
EM Fallback Valuation Longstop Date means, in respect of any postponement by a number of 
days equal to the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Fallback Postponement, the last day of such 
postponement. 
EM Valuation Longstop Date means, in respect of any postponement by a number of days equal 
to the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement, the last day of such postponement. 
FX Business Day means, in relation to the Reference Exchange Rate, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), or but for the occurrence of a FX 
Market Disruption Event would have settled payments and been open for general business in each 
of the Specified Financial Centres for the Reference Exchange Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
FX Disrupted Day means any day on which a FX Market Disruption Event occurs. 
FX Disruption Fallback means, in respect of the Reference Exchange Rate, Calculation Agent 
Determination, Currency Reference Dealers, EM Fallback Valuation Postponement, EM 
Valuation Postponement, Fallback Reference Price, Other Published Sources and Postponement. 
The applicable Disruption Fallback in respect of the Reference Exchange Rate shall be as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, and if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are specified, unless 
otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the 
order specified in the applicable Final Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Reference Exchange Rate cannot be determined by applying the first specified Disruption 
Fallback, then the next specified Disruption Fallback shall apply. 
FX Price Source(s) means the price source(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
Reference Exchange Rate or if the relevant rate is not published or announced by such FX Price 
Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price source or page or publication for the 
relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement means such number of calendar days (or other 
type of days) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Days of EM Fallback Valuation Postponement means such number of calendar days 
(or other type of days) as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement means such number of calendar days (or other 
type of days) as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Maximum Days of Postponement means the number of calendar days (or other type of days) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Days of Unscheduled Holiday Postponement means the number of calendar days (or

--- Page 213 ---
212 
 
 
other type of days) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Number of Rate Calculation Business Days means the number of Rate Calculation Business 
Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
Rate Calculation Business Centre(s) means each business centre that is relevant for determining 
whether a day is a Rate Calculation Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if no business centre is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate Calculation 
Business Centre(s) shall be the Specified Financial Centres for the relevant currencies. 
Rate Calculation Business Day means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the Rate Calculation Business Centre(s). 
Rate Calculation Date means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date or 
other date in which an Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount or other 
amount is due, the day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no day is specified as 
such, the day falling the Number of Rate Calculation Business Days prior to such Interest Payment 
Date, Maturity Date or other date (as the case may be), provided that if any such day is an 
Unscheduled Holiday (if applicable) or an FX Disrupted Day, the Rate Calculation Date shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 7(iv) (FX Market Disruption Event Adjustment 
Provisions) and Condition 7(v) (EM Currency Provisions) below; 
Reference Dealers means, in respect of the relevant exchange market, four leading dealers in the 
relevant foreign exchange market, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other number 
of dealers as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Reference Exchange Rate means the spot rate of exchange of the Specified Currency into the 
Payment Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Payment Currency for 
which one unit of the Specified Currency can be exchanged) appearing on the FX Price Source at 
the Valuation Time on the Rate Calculation Date. 
Specified Financial Centres means the financial centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Unscheduled Holiday means a day that is not an FX Business Day and the market was not aware 
of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until a time later than 9.00 a.m., local time in the relevant Specified Financial Centre 
two FX Business Days prior to such day. 
Valuation Time means time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no time is 
specified as such, the time selected by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
FX Market Disruption Events 
FX Market Disruption Event means in relation to the Reference Exchange Rate: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion, of any FX Price Source Disruption and/or any FX Trading 
Suspension or Limitation and/or, if Currency Disruption Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any Currency Disruption Event; and 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply,

--- Page 214 ---
213 
 
 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion, of any FX Price Source Disruption and/or any Price Materiality 
Event and/or, if Currency Disruption Event is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, any Currency Disruption Event. 
For which purpose: 
Currency Disruption Event means any of Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability and Dual 
Exchange Rate, each such term as defined below. 
Dual Exchange Rate means the occurrence of an event that splits any currency exchange rate 
specified for the Reference Exchange Rate into dual or multiple currency exchange rates; 
FX Price Source Disruption means (i) it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain 
and/or execute the Reference Exchange Rate on the Rate Calculation Date or other relevant date 
or, if different, the day on which rates for that Rate Calculation Date would in the ordinary course 
be published or announced by the relevant FX Price Source and/or (ii) there is a failure by the 
relevant FX Price Source to publish any relevant price or rate; 
FX Trading Suspension or Limitation means the suspension of and/or limitation of trading in 
the rate(s) required to calculate the Reference Exchange Rate (which may be, without limitation, 
rates quoted on any over-the-counter or quotation-based market, whether regulated or unregulated) 
provided that such suspension or limitation of trading is material in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent; 
Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that, from a legal or practical perspective, 
makes it or is likely to make it impossible and/or not reasonably practicable for the Issuer to 
convert one relevant currency into another through customary legal channels (including, without 
limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or restricting 
convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange or any 
current or future restrictions on repatriations of one currency into another currency); 
Non-Transferability means, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, the occurrence of any event in or affecting any relevant jurisdiction that makes it or is 
likely to make it impossible and/or not reasonably practicable for the issuer to deliver any relevant 
currency into a relevant account; 
Price Materiality Event means, in respect of the Reference Exchange Rate and the Rate 
Calculation Date that the FX Price Source differs from the Fallback Reference Price by at least the 
Price Materiality Percentage (and if both an FX Price Source Disruption and a Price Materiality 
Event occur or exist on any day, it shall be deemed that an FX Price Source Disruption and not a 
Price Materiality Event occurred or existed on such day). 
Price Materiality Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(iv) 
FX Market Disruption Event Adjustment Provisions 
(a) 
Consequences of FX Disrupted Days 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7(ii) and 7(iii) above, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that any Rate Calculation Date is an FX Disrupted Day, the Issuer may,

--- Page 215 ---
214 
 
 
in its sole and absolute discretion, direct the Calculation Agent to determine the 
Reference Exchange Rate in respect of such Rate Calculation Date in accordance with 
the terms of the applicable FX Disruption Fallback(s). The applicable Final Terms may 
provide that one or more FX Disruption Fallbacks may apply, and if two or more FX 
Disruption Fallbacks are specified, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, such FX Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Exchange 
Rate cannot be determined by applying the first specified FX Disruption Fallback, then 
the next specified FX Disruption Fallback shall apply.  
If "Unscheduled Holiday" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the references to "Rate Calculation Date" in the paragraph immediately above shall be 
deemed to mean the Rate Calculation Date as postponed in accordance with Condition 
7(v)(a) (Unscheduled Holiday) below. 
(b) 
FX Disruption Fallbacks 
(A) 
Calculation Agent Determination 
Calculation Agent Determination means, in respect of a Reference Exchange 
Rate that is affected by the occurrence of an FX Disrupted Day and any relevant 
day, that such Reference Exchange Rate for such relevant day (or a method for 
determining such Reference Exchange Rate) will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that in 
good faith it deems relevant; 
(B) 
Currency Reference Dealers 
Currency Reference Dealers means, in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate 
that is affected by the occurrence of an FX Disrupted Day and any relevant day, 
that the Calculation Agent will request each of the Reference Dealers to provide 
a quotation of its rate at which it will buy one unit of the Specified Currency in 
units of the Payment Currency at the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant 
day. If, for any such rate, at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate 
will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are 
provided for any such rate, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
relevant rates quoted by major banks in the relevant market, selected by the 
Calculation Agent at or around the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant 
day. 
(C) 
Fallback Reference Price 
Fallback Reference Price means, in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate that 
is affected by an FX Disrupted Day, that the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Reference Exchange Rate in respect of such FX Disrupted Day pursuant to 
the alternate FX Price Source(s) specified as Fallback Reference Price(s) in the 
applicable Final Terms, applied in the order specified in the applicable Final 
Terms until a rate has been determined or all Fallback Reference Price(s) have 
been used. 
(D) 
Other Published Sources

--- Page 216 ---
215 
 
 
Other Published Sources means, in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate that 
is affected by an FX Disrupted Day, that the Calculation Agent will determine 
such Reference Exchange Rate on such FX Disrupted Day on the basis of the 
exchange rate for one unit of the Specified Currency in terms of the Payment 
Currency published by available recognised financial information vendors (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) other than the applicable FX Price Source, at 
or around the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant day. 
(E) 
Postponement 
Postponement means, in respect of a Rate Calculation Date, if such day (or, if 
applicable, if the original date on which such Rate Calculation Date is scheduled 
to fall is postponed on account of such original day not being a FX Business 
Day, such postponed day) is an FX Disrupted Day, then such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day that is not an FX Disrupted 
Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive FX 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Postponement 
immediately following such Rate Calculation Date is an FX Disrupted Day. In 
that case (i) the last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Rate Calculation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be an FX 
Disrupted Day) and (ii) the next applicable FX Disruption Fallback shall apply. 
(v) 
EM Currency Provisions 
(a) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
If "Unscheduled Holiday" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
the Reference Exchange Rate, if the Calculation Agent determines that a Rate Calculation Date is 
an Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the Reference Exchange Rate, then the Rate Calculation 
Date in respect of such Reference Exchange Rate shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day 
which is not an Unscheduled Holiday, unless the Calculation Agent determines that such first FX 
Business Day has not occurred on or before the date falling the Maximum Days of Unscheduled 
Holiday Postponement immediately following such Rate Calculation Date. In that case, the next 
day after that period that would be an FX Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday shall be 
deemed to be the Rate Calculation Date (such date, the Adjusted Rate Calculation Date). 
(b) 
 Additional FX Disruption Fallbacks 
In addition to the FX Disruption Fallbacks set out in Condition 7(iv)(b) (FX Market Disruption 
Event Adjustment Provisions – FX Disruption Fallbacks) above, the applicable Final Terms may 
also specify any of the following additional FX Disruption Fallbacks to apply in respect of a 
Reference Exchange Rate:  
(A) 
EM Valuation Postponement 
EM Valuation Postponement means, in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate (which 
term shall include, where the applicable Final Terms provide that the prior applicable FX 
Disruption Fallback is ''Fallback Reference Price'', the Reference Exchange Rate 
determined using the applicable Fallback Reference Price), that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that any Rate Calculation Date is an FX Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Reference Exchange Rate, then the Rate Calculation Date shall be the first FX Business 
Day which is not an FX Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that no

--- Page 217 ---
216 
 
 
such FX Business Day has occurred on or before the Maximum Days of EM Valuation 
Postponement immediately following such Rate Calculation Date. In that case, the next 
FX Business Day after the EM Valuation Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Rate 
Calculation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be an FX Disrupted Day) 
and the next FX Disruption Fallback specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such Reference Exchange Rate shall apply.  
(B) 
EM Fallback Valuation Postponement 
EM Fallback Valuation Postponement means, in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate 
(which term shall include, where the applicable Final Terms provide that the prior 
applicable FX Disruption Fallback is ''Fallback Reference Price'', the Reference 
Exchange Rate determined using the applicable Fallback Reference Price), that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Exchange Rate (as determined by 
reference to the applicable Fallback Reference Price) is not available on (a) the first FX 
Business Day following the end of the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement 
(where an FX Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of the Reference 
Exchange Rate throughout the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement) or (b) 
the Adjusted Rate Calculation Date (as defined in Condition 7(v)(a) above), then the Rate 
Calculation Date shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day which is not an FX 
Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that no such FX Business Day 
has occurred on or before the Maximum Days of EM Fallback Valuation Postponement 
immediately following such first FX Business Day following the end of the Maximum 
Days of EM Valuation Postponement or the Adjusted Rate Calculation Date, as the case 
may be. In that case, the next FX Business Day after the EM Fallback Valuation Longstop 
Date shall be deemed to be the Rate Calculation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such 
day may be an FX Disrupted Day) and the next FX Disruption Fallback specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such Reference Exchange Rate shall apply.  
(c) 
Cumulative Events 
If Cumulative Events is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a 
Reference Exchange Rate (which term shall include, where the applicable Final Terms provide 
that the prior applicable FX Disruption Fallback is ''Fallback Reference Price'', the Reference 
Exchange Rate determined using the applicable Fallback Reference Price), then the total number 
of consecutive calendar days during which such Rate Calculation Date is deferred due to (i) an 
Unscheduled Holiday, (ii) an EM Valuation Postponement or (iii) an EM Fallback Valuation 
Postponement (or any combination of (i), (ii) and (iii)), shall not exceed the Maximum Days of 
Cumulative Postponement in the aggregate.  
Accordingly, if by the operation of the paragraph immediately above, a Rate Calculation Date is 
postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of Cumulative 
Postponement, then such Rate Calculation Date shall be the Cumulative Longstop Date. If such 
Cumulative Postponement Longstop Date is an FX Disrupted Day or an Unscheduled Holiday, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Exchange Rate in respect of such 
Cumulative Postponement Longstop Date in accordance with the next applicable FX Disruption 
Fallback. 
(vi) 
Correction To Published And Displayed Rates 
In any case where the Reference Exchange Rate is based on information obtained from the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any other financial information service, the Reference Exchange

--- Page 218 ---
217 
 
 
Rate will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently displayed by that 
source within one hour of the time when such rate is first displayed by such source, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to take 
into account such correction. 
(vii) 
Successor Currency 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that ''Successor Currency'' is applicable in respect of 
the Reference Exchange Rate, then: 
(a) 
each Specified Currency and Payment Currency will be deemed to include any 
lawful successor currency to the Specified Currency or Payment Currency (the 
Successor Currency); 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that on or after the Issue Date but on or before 
any relevant date on which an amount may be payable in respect of Dual Currency 
Notes, a country has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged 
its currency in effect on the Issue Date or any Successor Currency, as the case may 
be (the Original Currency) for a Successor Currency, then for the purposes of 
calculating any amounts of the Original Currency or effecting settlement thereof, 
any Original Currency amounts will be converted to the Successor Currency by 
multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio of Successor Currency to 
Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate 
set forth by the relevant country of the Original Currency for converting the Original 
Currency into the Successor Currency on the date on which the elimination, 
conversion, redenomination or exchange took place, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If there is more than one such date, the date closest to such 
relevant date will be selected (or such other date as may be selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 
(c) 
notwithstanding paragraph (b) above but subject to paragraph (d) below, the 
Calculation Agent may (to the extent permitted by the applicable law), in good faith 
and in its sole and absolute discretion, select such other exchange rate or other basis 
for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the Successor Currency 
and, will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any 
variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any 
other terms in respect of the Notes to account for such elimination, conversion, 
redenomination or exchange of the Specified Currency or Payment Currency, as the 
case may be; and 
(d) 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, with respect to any Specified Currency or 
Payment Currency that is substituted or replaced by the Euro, the consequences of 
such substitution or replacement will be determined in accordance with applicable 
law. 
8. 
TAXATION 
(i) 
Gross-Up 
If Condition 8(i) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, principal and interest 
shall be payable to the holders of the Notes or Coupons by the Issuer without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any

--- Page 219 ---
218 
 
 
nature whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by or in the Republic of Italy or by or on behalf of 
any political subdivision or any authority therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts of 
principal and interest as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
the Notes or Coupons after such deduction or withholding shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal, in case of Notes not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements only, and interest in case of any Notes, which would have been receivable 
had no such deduction or withholding been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
i. 
for or on account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of April 1, 1996 or, for the avoidance of doubt, Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as any of the same amended or 
supplemented from time to time) or any related implementing regulations; and 
ii. 
in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
April 1, 1996 in order to benefit from a tax exemption have not been met or complied 
with except where such requirements and procedures have not been met or complied with 
due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
iii. 
for any deduction or withholding under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, or any 
successor provisions or any current or future U.S. Treasury Regulation promulgated 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, published administrative guidance 
implementing such Sections or regulations whenever promulgated or published, or any 
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation thereof 
such Sections of the Code are referred to herein collectively as "FATCA". 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 7, all payments in respect of 
the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
FATCA; or 
iv. 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
v. 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such 
withholding or deduction in respect of such Note or Coupon by making a declaration or 
any other statement, including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
vi. 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined in the 
General Definitions) except to the extent that the holder of such Notes or Coupons would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Notes or Coupons for 
payment on such thirtieth day (assuming such day to have been a Payment Day as defined 
in the General Definitions); or 
vii. 
presented for payment in Italy; or 
viii. 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another 
Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; or

--- Page 220 ---
219 
 
 
ix. 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does 
not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy; or 
x. 
in respect of any Note where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973; or 
xi. 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction 
is required under law decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; or 
xii. 
if the Structured Rate Interest is determined by reference to shares in a U.S. company, 
for any deduction or withholding by reason of Section 871(m) of the Code and the U.S. 
Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, or any published administrative guidance 
implementing such Section or regulations, imposing a U.S. withholding tax on certain 
“dividend equivalents” under certain “equity linked instruments”. 
(ii) 
No Gross-Up 
If Condition 8(ii) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall not be 
liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise 
as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of 
any Note and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding 
or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Any Noteholder may give notice to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 that any Note held 
by such Noteholder is, and shall accordingly immediately become, due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment if any of the 
following events (an Event of Default) occurs and is subsisting: 
i. 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest in respect of the Notes or any of 
them within 30 days of the relevant due date; or 
ii. 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer fails to perform any other obligation arising under 
the Notes and such failure continues for more than 60 days after the Issuer has received 
notice thereof from Noteholders of a least one-quarter in principal amount of the Notes 
of the relevant Series demanding redemption; or 
iii. 
Suspension of payments: the Issuer suspends its payments generally; or 
iv. 
Bankruptcy etc.: a court in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer institutes 
bankruptcy or composition proceedings to avert bankruptcy or similar proceedings 
against the assets of the Issuer, or the Issuer applies for the institution of such proceedings 
concerning its assets. 
In relation to Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
Noteholders are not entitled to accelerate the payments of Notes under this Condition, other than 
in the case of the occurance of the Event of Default described in letter d above (insolvency or 
liquidation of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria

--- Page 221 ---
220 
 
 
imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default 
for the Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements for any purpose). 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 
years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in the General Definitions) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4(iv) 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4(iv). 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
12. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(i) 
Substitution of Issuer 
The Issuer (or any previously substituted company from time to time) shall, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, be entitled at any time to substitute for the Issuer any other company (the 
Substitute) as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the 
Notes provided that (i) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done 
(including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Notes represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute have been taken, fulfilled and done and are 
in full force and effect; (ii) the Substitute shall have assumed all obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes and shall have become a party to the Agency Agreement, with any 
consequential amendments; (iii) the obligations of the Substitute in respect of the Notes shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer; (iv) each stock exchange or listing 
authority on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that following the proposed 
substitution of the Substitute the Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; (v) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days' prior notice of the date of such substitution to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15; and (vi) in relation to Notes which qualify as 
eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, if required by the Relevant Regulations, the 
Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority. 
(ii) 
Modification of Terms and Conditions as a result of Substitution of Issuer 
After any substitution or change of branch pursuant to Condition 12(i), the Terms and Conditions 
will be modified in all consequential respects including, but not limited to, replacement of 
references to the Republic of Italy in the Terms and Conditions where applicable, by references to 
the country of incorporation, domicile and/or residence for tax purposes of the Substitute or the 
new branch, as the case may be. Such modifications shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15.

--- Page 222 ---
221 
 
 
13. 
AGENTS AND REGISTRAR 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
i. 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
ii. 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union that 
will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 
2003/48/EC or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to 
conform to, such Directive; 
iii. 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent (which may be the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes)) with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
iv. 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in the 
United States in the circumstances described in Condition 4(iv). Notice of any variation, 
termination, appointment or change will be given to the Noteholders promptly in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including 
(if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 10. 
15. 
NOTICES 
(i) 
All notices to the holders of Registered Notes will be valid if mailed to their registered addresses. 
(ii) 
All notices regarding the Notes, both Bearer and Registered will be deemed to be validly given (i) 
if published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and 
(ii) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Luxembourg Stock Exchange

--- Page 223 ---
222 
 
 
Regulated Market, and listed on the Official List of Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the notice is 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (which 
shall include publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com); 
(iii) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on stock exchanges other than the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any such other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given  if published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London, on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders 
of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(iii) 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
(i) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is two or 
more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of 
the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be 
two or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders,

--- Page 224 ---
223 
 
 
to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as 
practicable thereafter.  
In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(d)(ii)(F) (Benchmark Replacement), certain changes may be 
made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
(ii) 
This Condition 16(ii) applies to Notes qualified as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
Requirements at the time of the issuance. If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs 
and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment 
of the Italian Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given 
to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of the such Notes of that Series) and having given not less 
than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Paying Agent and the Noteholders of 
the Notes of that Series, which notice shall be irrevocable, at any time either substitute all (but not 
some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become Qualifying Notes (as defined above), provided that such variation or substitution does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a substitution or 
variation (as applicable) of such Notes in accordance with this Condition 16(ii). 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount, issue date, issue price and/or date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
COVENANT TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION 
Each Noteholder (being in the case of Notes held by a nominee or held in a clearing system, the 
beneficial owner of the Notes), by subscribing or purchasing the Notes or an interest in the Notes: 
(a) 
agrees to provide to the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) all information and 
documentation available to it that is reasonably requested by the Issuer (or agents acting 
on its behalf) in connection with legal, tax or regulatory matters, including any 
information that is necessary or advisable in order for the Issuer to comply with legal, tax 
and regulatory requirements applicable to the Issuer from time to time; 
(b) 
agrees to provide to the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) all information and

--- Page 225 ---
224 
 
 
documentation available to it that is reasonably requested by the Issuer (or agents acting 
on its behalf) to verify the Noteholder's identity and the source of the payment used by 
such Noteholder or its subsequent transferee when purchasing Notes; and 
(c) 
agrees that the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) may, subject to any applicable 
banking secrecy laws and relevant confidentiality provisions (1) provide such information 
and documentation and any other information concerning its investment in the Notes to 
any relevant governmental, banking, taxation or other regulatory authority and (2) take 
such other steps as they deem necessary or helpful (in all cases, in the sole discretion of 
the Issuer or its respective agents) to comply with any applicable law or regulation. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes and the Coupons (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes and the Coupons) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
Notwithstanding this, in respect of the loss absorption provisions described in Condition 21 
(Acknowledgement of Italian Bail-in Power) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with such provisions will be governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
i. 
Subject to Condition 20(b)(iii) below, the courts of England have jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
ii. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20(b), the Issuer hereby waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to 
settle any Dispute. 
iii. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction, (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
The Issuer hereby appoints Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch which is presently at 90 Queen 
Street, London EC4N 1SA or its address for the time beingat its office for the time being , as its 
agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London 
Branch ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in

--- Page 226 ---
225 
 
 
England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings 
in any other manner permitted by law. 
(c) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts in terms substantially similar to those set out above. 
21. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN BAIL-IN POWER 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of 
the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 21, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution Authority, 
which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in 
relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of 
the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount in 
respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of 
the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the interest payable on the Notes, or the date on 
which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and 
b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Italian Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution Authority shall not constitute 
an event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the 
Italian Resolution Authority in accordance with this Condition 21. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which 
the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify 
the holders of the Notes without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 21. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Italian Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 227 ---
226 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. 
A substantial portion of the proceeds from the issue of certain Notes may be used to hedge market risk with 
respect to such Notes. If in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the use of proceeds section of the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer intends 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of Notes specifically for green and social 
projects. Such Notes refers to Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability Bonds and Climate Bonds. 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the ICMA 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects, Eligible 
Social Projects or a combination of both Green and Social Projects as the case may be, and complying with 
the relevant eligibility criteria and any other criteria set out in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined below) and which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available in the investor 
relations section of the Issuer' website at the section sustainability/environment/green-products/Green-
bonds (the "Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework") (including as amended, restated or 
otherwise updated on such website from time to time) will be classified as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, 
as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds. 
For the purposes of this section: 
Eligible Green Projects means projects identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework. 
Eligible Social Projects means projects identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 228 ---
227 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Organisation of the Group 
Intesa Sanpaolo Origins 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the result of the merger by incorporation of Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. with Banca Intesa 
S.p.A. (effective 1 January 2007). 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. was originally established in 1925 under the name of La Centrale and invested in the 
business of the production and distribution of electricity. After the nationalisation of companies in this 
sector in the early 1960s, the company changed its name to La Centrale Finanziaria Generale, acquiring 
equity investments in various companies in the banking, insurance and publishing sector. The company 
merged by incorporation with Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano in 1985 and assumed its name and constitutional 
objects. Following the acquisition of Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde S.p.A. ("Cariplo") in 
January 1998, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to Gruppo Banca Intesa. Then, in 2001, 
Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A. was merged into Gruppo Banca Intesa and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
name was changed to "Banca Intesa Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A.". On 1 January 2003 the corporate 
name was changed to "Banca Intesa S.p.A.". 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo IMI") was formed in 1998 through the merger of Istituto Mobiliare 
Italiano S.p.A. ("IMI") and Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo"). 
Sanpaolo originated from the "Compagnia di San Paolo" brotherhood, which was set up in 1563 to help the 
needy. The "Compagnia di San Paolo" began undertaking credit activities and progressively developed into 
a banking institution during the nineteenth century, becoming a public law credit institution (Istituto di 
Credito di Diritto Pubblico) in 1932. Between 1960 and 1990, Sanpaolo expanded its network nationwide 
through a number of acquisitions of local banks and medium-sized regional banks, ultimately reaching the 
level of a multifunctional group of national importance in 1991 after its acquisition of Crediop. On 31 
December 1991, Sanpaolo became a stock corporation (società per azioni) with the name Istituto Bancario 
San Paolo di Torino Società per Azioni. 
IMI was established as a public law entity in 1931 and during the 1980s it developed its specialist credit 
and investment banking services and, with Banca Fideuram, its professional asset management and 
financial consultancy services. IMI became a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) in 1991. 
The merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI and the creation of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
The boards of directors of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI unanimously approved the merger of Sanpaolo 
IMI with Banca Intesa on 12 October 2006 and the merger became effective on 1 January 2007. The 
surviving entity changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the parent company of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. 
Merger of Banca IMI 
Intesa Sanpaolo announced on 2 April 2020 that following authorization given by the European Central 
Bank, the plan for the merger by incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed with the 
Companies Register of Turin. The merger, which was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa

--- Page 229 ---
228 
 
 
Sanpaolo on 5 May 2020 and by the shareholders’ meeting of Banca IMI S.p.A., was completed on 20 July 
2020. 
UBI Banca S.p.A. 
Unione di Banche Italiane S.p.A. ("UBI Banca") is the entity resulting from the merger by incorporation 
of Banca Lombarda e Piemontese S.p.A. into Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.a. (the "Merger"). The Merger 
became legally effective on 1 April 2007, with the surviving entity, BPU, changing its name to UBI Banca. 
On 12 October 2015, UBI Banca was the first Italian banca popolare to become a Joint Stock Company 
(S.p.A.). On 12 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders' meeting of UBI Banca appointed a Board of 
Directors and a Management Control Committee for the three-year period 2019-2020-2021, implementing 
the one-tier governance model adopted on 19 October 2018 through the resolution of a shareholders' 
meeting in extraordinary session. 
The merger between Intesa Sanpaolo and UBI Banca 
Intesa Sanpaolo acquired the control of UBI Banca on 5 August 2020 and merged it by incorporation on 12 
April 2021. 
Legal Status 
As specified in Article 2 of the Articles of Association, Intesa Sanpaolo is a company limited by shares, 
incorporated in 1925 under the laws of Italy and registered with the Companies' Registry of Turin under 
registration number 00799960158. It is also registered on the National Register of Banks under no. 5361 
and is the parent company of "Gruppo Intesa Sanpaolo". Intesa Sanpaolo operates subject to the Banking 
Law. 
Registered Office 
Intesa Sanpaolo's registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy) and its telephone number 
is +39 0115551. Intesa Sanpaolo's secondary office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan (Italy). 
Website 
Intesa Sanpaolo's website is https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/. The information on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
Intesa Sanpaolo mission 
As specified in Article 4 of the Articles of Association, the purpose of Intesa Sanpaolo is the deposit-taking 
and the carrying-on of all forms of lending activities, both directly and through its subsidiaries. Intesa 
Sanpaolo may, in compliance with laws and regulations applicable from time to time and subject to being 
granted the required authorisations, directly and through its subsidiaries, provide all banking and financial 
services, including the establishment and management of open-ended and closed-ended pension schemes, 
as well as carry out any other transactions that are instrumental for, or related to, the achievement of its 
corporate purpose. 
Ratings 
The credit ratings assigned to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. are the following: 
- 
BBB (high)(1) by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar");

--- Page 230 ---
229 
 
 
- 
BBB(2) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings"); 
- 
Baa1(3) by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"); and 
- 
BBB(4) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings"). 
Each of DBRS Morningstar, Fitch Ratings, Moody's and S&P Global Ratings is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 21 October 2022) on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
(1) BBB (high): Adequate credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered 
acceptable. May be vulnerable to future events. (Source: DBRS Morningstar) 
(2) BBB: Good credit quality. ‘BBB’ ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. The 
modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories. 
(Source: Fitch Ratings) 
(3) Baa1: issuers rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risk. Their bonds are considered medium-grade 
and as such may possess speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to 
each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks 
in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the 
modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. (Source: Moody's) 
(4) BBB: adequate capacity to meet financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. 
(Source: S&P Global Ratings) 
Share Capital 
As at 3 May 2023, Intesa Sanpaolo's issued and paid-up share capital amounted to €10,368,870,930.08, 
divided into 18,282,798,989 ordinary shares without nominal value. Since 3 May 2023, there has been no 
change to Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital. 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change of control of the Issuer. 
Information on the material changes in the issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last 
financial year 
Since 31 December 2022, the closing date of the last financial year, there have been no substantial changes 
in the Issuer's financing and borrowing structure. 
Description of the expected financing of the issuer’s activities 
Group liquidity remains high: as at 31 December 2022, both the regulatory indicators LCR (Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio) and NSFR (Net Stable Funding Ratio), also adopted as internal liquidity risk measurement 
metrics, were still well above fully phased-in requirements established by Regulation 575/2013 and 
Directive 2013/36/EU. The unencumbered liquidity reserves at the various Group’s treasury departments, 
including the high-quality liquid assets (HQLAs) and other eligible components reached a total of 177.7 
billion Euro (192.4 billion Euro at the end of 2021). The loan to deposit ratio at the end of December 2022, 
calculated as the ratio between loans to customers and the direct deposits from banking business, came to 
81.9% (83.6% at the end of 2021). The participation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to the TLTRO funding

--- Page 231 ---
230 
 
 
transactions with the ECB amounted at 31 December 2022 to an approximately nominal €96 billion 
(approximately nominal €132 billion at the end of 2021). 
Organisational Structure of the Divisions as at 29 March 2023  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND 
CEO 
C. Messina 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BANCA DEI 
TERRITORI(*) 
DIVISION 
 
IMI 
CORPORATE 
& 
INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
DIVISION 
 
INTERNATIONAL 
SUBSIDIARY 
BANKS DIVISION 
 
PRIVATE 
BANKING 
DIVISION 
 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
DIVISION 
 
INSURANCE 
DIVISION 
S. Barrese 
 
M. Micillo 
 
M.E. Rottigni 
 
T. Corcos 
 
S. Perissinotto 
 
N.M. 
Fioravanti 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Isybank 
 
Banca Intesa 
(**) 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Ireland 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank 
Luxembourg 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Brasil 
 
Banca Intesa 
Beograd 
Bank of Alexandria 
CIB Bank 
Eximbank 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank (***) 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Albania 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Romania 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina 
Pravex Bank 
Privredna Banka 
Zagreb 
VUB Banka 
 
Fideuram 
Fideuram 
Asset 
Management 
Ireland 
Fidueram – 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Private 
Banking 
Asset 
Management 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Private 
Banking 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Wealth 
Management  
 
IW Private 
Investments 
Reyl Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
SIREF 
Fiduciaria 
 
Epsilon SGR 
Eurizon Asset 
Management 
Croatia 
Eurizon Asset 
Management 
Hungary 
Eurizon Asset 
Management 
Slovakia 
Eurizon Capital 
Eurizon Capital 
Asia Limited 
Eurizon Capital 
Real Asset SGR 
Eurizon Capital 
S.A. 
Eurizon SLJ 
Capital LTD 
 
Fideuram Vita 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Insurance 
Agency 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Assicura 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Life 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
RBM Salute 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Vita

--- Page 232 ---
231 
 
 
 ______________________  
(*) 
Domestic commercial banking 
(**) 
Russian Federation 
(***) Slovenia 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is one of the top banking groups in Europe with a significant ESG commitment. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a banking group in Italy with 13.6 million customers and over 3,600 branches 
as at 31 December 2022. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a provider of financial products and services to both households and 
enterprises in Italy. 
The Group has a strategic international presence, with over 950 branches and 7.1 million customers as at 
31 December 2022. It is among the top players in several countries in Central Eastern Europe and in the 
Middle East and North Africa, through its local subsidiary banks: the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ranks first in 
Serbia, second in Croatia and Slovakia, fourth in Albania and Slovenia, sixth in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
and Egypt, seventh in Moldova and eighth in Hungary. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group had total assets of €975,683 million, customer loans 
of €446,854 million, direct deposits from banking business of €545,386 million and direct deposits from 
insurance business and technical reserves of €173,597 million. The Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates through 
six divisions: 
(a) 
The Banca dei Territori division: focuses on the market and centrality of the territory for stronger 
relations with individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and non-profit entities. The 
division includes the activities in industrial credit, leasing and factoring, as well as instant banking 
through the partnership between the subsidiary Isybank and the ENEL Group (Mooney). 
(b) 
The IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division: a global partner which, taking a medium-
long term view, supports corporates, financial institutions and public administration, both 
nationally and internationally. Its main activities include capital markets and investment banking. 
The division is present in 25 countries where it facilitates the cross-border activities of its 
customers through a specialist network made up of branches, representative offices and subsidiary 
banks focused on corporate banking. 
(c) 
The International Subsidiary Banks division: includes the following commercial banking 
subsidiaries: Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania in Albania, Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Privredna Banka Zagreb in Croatia, the Prague branch 
of VUB Banka in the Czech Republic, Bank of Alexandria in Egypt, Eximbank in Moldova, CIB 
Bank in Hungary, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania in Romania, Banca Intesa Beograd in Serbia, 
VUB Banka in Slovakia, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank in Slovenia and Pravex Bank in Ukraine. 
(d) 
The Private Banking division: serves the customer segment consisting of Private clients and High 
Net Worth Individuals with the offering of products and services tailored for this segment. The 
division includes Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking with 6,648 private bankers. 
(e) 
The Asset Management division: asset management solutions targeted at the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's customers, commercial networks outside the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, and institutional 
clientele. The division includes Eurizon with €304 billion of assets under management.

--- Page 233 ---
232 
 
 
(f) 
The Insurance division: insurance and pension products tailored for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
clients. The division holds direct deposits and technical reserves of €174 billion and includes Intesa 
Sanpaolo Vita - which controls Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura, Intesa Sanpaolo Life, Intesa Sanpaolo 
RBM Salute and Intesa Sanpaolo Insurance Agency – and Fideuram Vita. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the last two years 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2021 – Highlights 
Integration of the UBI Group 
On 14 January 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it will hire 1,000 people in addition to the 2,500 hires 
already envisaged in the agreement that the Bank signed on 29 September 2020 with Trade Unions FABI, 
FIRST/CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN. The agreement, which aims at enabling generational 
change at no social cost as well as enhancing the skills of the people of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group resulting 
from the acquisition of UBI Banca, offered the possibility to retire or access the Solidarity Fund, on a 
voluntary basis, to at least 5,000 people. Intesa Sanpaolo, following verification with the Trade Unions that 
the offer for voluntary exit was taken up by at least 5,000 people, intends to accept the total of the over 
7,200 voluntary exit applications submitted which fulfil the requirements, and consequently, as sought by 
the Trade Unions, to hire 3,500 people in total by the end of the first half of 2024. This decision confirms 
the effective progress of the process for the integration of UBI Banca into the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. It 
follows the agreement signed with the Trade Unions on 30 December 2020 regarding the 5,107 people who 
are part of the going concern to be sold to BPER Banca. 
On 29 January 2021, following the authorisation released by the European Central Bank, in accordance 
with the regulations in force, the plan for the merger by incorporation of UBI Banca into Intesa Sanpaolo 
was filed with the Torino Company Register, as provided for by Article 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code. 
The merger was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 2 March 2021.  
2021 EU-Wide Stress Test Results 
On 30 July 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo was subject to the 2021 EU-wide stress test conducted by the European 
Banking Authority (EBA), in cooperation with the Bank of Italy, the European Central Bank (ECB), and 
the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB). Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcements made by the EBA 
on the EU-wide stress test and fully acknowledges the outcomes of this exercise. 
The 2021 EU-wide stress test did not contain a pass fail threshold and instead is designed to be used as an 
important source of information for the purposes of the SREP. The results assisted competent authorities in 
assessing Intesa Sanpaolo's ability to meet applicable prudential requirements under stressed scenarios. 
The adverse stress test scenario was set by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon (2021-
2023). The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 2020, 
and therefore did not take into account future business strategies and management actions. It was not a 
forecast of Intesa Sanpaolo profits. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo fully loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ("CET1 ratio") resulting from the stress test 
for 2023, the final year considered in the exercise, stands at: 
− 
15.06% under the baseline scenario; and 
− 
9.38% under the adverse scenario.

--- Page 234 ---
233 
 
 
This compares with the starting-point figure of 14.04% as of 31 December 2020. 
The impact of the exercise under the adverse scenario, equivalent to 466 basis points, would be equivalent 
to 448 basis points when restoring the actual neutral effect on capital ratios of the 2018-2021 Long-term 
Incentive Plan LECOIP 2.0 based on financial instruments (which is not captured by the stress test 
assumption of a static balance sheet). 
The fully loaded CET1 ratio under the adverse scenario would be 9.97% when considering both the said 
restored neutrality and the sale transactions of the going concerns, related to the acquisition of UBI Banca 
in 2020, finalised in the first half of 2021, other things being equal. 
Intesa Sanpaolo launched ordinary share buy-back programme for free assignment to employees 
On 8 September 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo announced an ordinary share buy-back programme to be launched 
on 13 September 2021 and completed by 24 September 2021. The programme relates to plans of 
assignment, free of charge, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares to employees, in relation to: (i) the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group share-based incentive plan for 2020 reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in excess 
of the so-called "materiality threshold"(1), as well as for those who are paid a "particularly high" amount(2), 
and for those who, among middle management or professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue "relevant 
bonuses"(3); (ii) the former UBI Banca Group share-based incentive plan for 2020 reserved for Risk 
Takers(4); and (iii) outstanding portions in shares of bonuses deriving from past incentive systems of the 
former UBI Banca Group. In addition, the programme is implemented in order to grant, when certain 
conditions occur, severance payments upon early termination of employment. The programme is in 
accordance with the terms approved at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo on 28 April 2021 and 
disclosed to the market. 
The number of shares to be purchased on the market to meet the total requirement of the above-mentioned 
incentive plans and/or compensation by way of severance for the Group is equal to 20,000,000, 
corresponding to a percentage of Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 0.10%. This is in compliance with the 
resolution passed at the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 28 April 2021, which authorised the 
purchase, in one or more tranches, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, for both the Parent Company and 
the companies it directly or indirectly controls, up to a maximum number of 22,479,270, corresponding to 
a maximum percentage of Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 0.12%. 
Purchases of shares to be assigned, without charge, will be executed in compliance with provisions included 
in Article 2357 and following of the Italian Civil Code within the limits of distributable income and 
available reserves, as determined in the financial statements most recently approved. Pursuant to Article 
132 of the TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases will 
be executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods 
laid down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, as for the purchase modality, transactions will be carried out in compliance with the conditions 
and the restrictions under Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 April 2014, and Articles 2, 3 and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
 
(1) Equal to €80,000. 
(2) Pursuant to the Group Remuneration and Incentive Policies, for the three-year period 2019-2021, a variable 
remuneration exceeding €400,000 constitutes a "particularly high" amount. 
(3) Exceeding €80,000 and 100% of the fixed remuneration. 
(4) With bonuses exceeding €50,000 and 25% of the fixed remuneration.

--- Page 235 ---
234 
 
 
In accordance with the authorisation obtained at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo, which is 
effective for up to 18 months, purchases will be executed at a price identified on a case-by-case basis, net 
of accessory charges, within a minimum and a maximum price range. This price can be determined using 
the following criteria: 
− 
the minimum purchase price cannot be lower than the reference price the share recorded in the 
stock market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, less 10%; and 
− 
the maximum purchase price cannot be higher than the reference price the share recorded in the 
stock market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, plus 10%. At any rate, 
the purchase price will not be higher than the higher of the price of the last independent trade and 
the highest current independent bid on the market. Purchases may occur at one or more times. 
Purchases will be executed between 13 September 2021 and 24 September 2021 (included). The maximum 
number of shares to be purchased daily will not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2021, which was equal to 68.7 million shares. Furthermore, a 
constraint has been added to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and restrictions, establishing that 
the daily volume of purchases must not exceed 15% of the volume traded on the MTA on the respective 
day. 
Pursuant to Article 2357-ter of the Italian Civil Code, the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting authorised 
the disposal on the regulated market of own ordinary shares exceeding the actual requirement under the 
same conditions as applied to their purchase and at a price of no less than the reference price recorded by 
the share in the stock market session on the day prior to each single disposal transaction, less 10%. 
Alternatively, these shares can be retained for future incentive plans and/or remuneration payable upon 
early termination of employment relationship (severance). 
On 15 September 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo communicated that it concluded, on 14 September 2021, the 
ordinary share buy-back programme launched on 13 September 2021 and announced to the market in the 
press release dated 8 September 2021. 
On the two days of execution of the programme (13 and 14 September 2021), the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
purchased a total of 20,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares through its IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking Division (which was responsible for the programme execution). These represent approximately 
0.10% of the share capital of the Parent Company. The average purchase price was €2.391 per share, for a 
total countervalue of €47,822,401. The parent company purchased 16,787,550 shares at an average 
purchase price of €2.392 per share, for a countervalue of €40,155,587. 
Purchase transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and following 
and 2359-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits of number of shares and 
consideration as determined in the resolutions passed by the competent corporate bodies. Pursuant to Article 
132 of TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases were 
executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid 
down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases were arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under Article 5 
of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and 
Articles 2, 3, and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
The number of shares purchased daily did not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2021, which was equal to 68.7 million shares, and 15% of the

--- Page 236 ---
235 
 
 
volume traded on the MTA on each of the days when purchases were executed – in accordance with the 
constraint added in the programme to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and restrictions. 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
On 14 October 2021 the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held. The Meeting was 
validly constituted, on single call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the appointed 
representative, in accordance with Article 106 of Decree Law no. 18 dated 17 March 2020, converted by 
Law no. 27 dated 24 April 2020, as subsequently amended, counted 3,317 holders of voting rights attached 
to 10,992,742,757 ordinary shares without nominal value equalling 56.57478% of the share capital. The 
resolutions detailed below were passed. 
Resolutions regarding reserves: 
(a) distribution of part of the Extraordinary reserve for the 2020 results. The Shareholders approved 
the cash distribution of part of the Extraordinary reserve for a total amount of €1,935,274,145.18 
to be assigned to each of the 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares constituting the share capital, 
corresponding to a unit amount of €9.96 cents per share. Votes in favour were 10,983,707,581, 
equivalent to 99.91781% of the ordinary shares represented at the Meeting. This distribution is in 
addition to the €694 million cash dividends approved in April this year and paid out in May, and 
brings to the payment of a total amount for 2020 which corresponds to a payout ratio of 75% of 
the €3,505 million adjusted consolidated net income(1), in line with the 2018-2021 Business Plan. 
The aforementioned distribution of reserves will be subject to the same tax regime as the 
distribution of dividends. The amount not distributed in respect of any own shares held by the 
Bank at the record date shall be kept in the Extraordinary reserve. The distribution took place on 
20 October 2021, with coupon presentation on 18 October 2021 and record date on 19 October 
2021. Based on the ratio between the aforementioned unit amount and the stock price registered 
on 13 October 2021, the dividend yield is 4%; including in the ratio the unit amount of €3.57 cents 
per share paid out in May this year, the total dividend yield for 2020 is 5.4%; 
(b) placing of a tax suspension constraint on part of the Share premium reserve, following the tax 
realignment of certain intangible assets. The Shareholders also approved the placing of a tax 
suspension constraint for an amount of €1,473,001,006.40 on part of the Share premium reserve, 
following the tax realignment of certain intangible assets in accordance with Article 110, 
paragraphs 8 and 8-bis, of Decree Law no. 104 dated 14 August 2020, as a result of the provisions 
of Article 14 of Law no. 342 dated 21 November 2000 to which the aforementioned Decree Law 
refers. Votes in favour were 10,991,707,581, equivalent to 99.99058% of the ordinary shares 
represented at the Meeting. 
Partial demerger of IW Bank S.p.A. in favour of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. and 
of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
On 28 October 2021 notice was given that, following the authorisation released by the European Central 
Bank in accordance with the regulations in force, on 28 October 2021 the plan for the partial demerger of 
IW Bank S.p.A. in favour of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. and of Fideuram-Intesa 
Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. was filed with the Torino Company 
Register, as provided for by Article 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code. 
 
(1) Excluding the items related to the acquisition of UBI Banca consisting of the effect of the purchase price allocation, 
including negative goodwill, and integration charges, as well as the write-off of goodwill of the Banca dei Territori 
Division from the stated net income.

--- Page 237 ---
236 
 
 
The demerger was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 23 November 2021. 
Agreement with Trade Unions with regard to a further 2,000 voluntary exits and 1,100 hires by 2025 
On 16 November 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with Group Trade Delegations FABI, FIRST 
CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN which aims at enabling generational change at no social cost 
while continuing to ensure an alternative to the possible paths for reskilling and redeploying people, in the 
context of adding value for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s people, including through an improved work-life 
balance. 
The agreement identifies ways and criteria to reach the target of 2,000 additional people voluntary leaving 
the Group by 2025, either by retiring or accessing the Solidarity Fund. 
Furthermore, by 2025 the Group will hire people on indefinite-term contracts according to a proportion of 
one hire for each two voluntary exits up to 1,000 people, against the 2,000 additional voluntary exits 
envisaged, and a further 100 people falling under the agreement signed on 29 September 2020. The new 
hires will sustain the Group’s growth and its new activities and are in addition to those envisaged in the 
agreement of 29 September 2020. New hires will be 4,600 in total by December 2025 against 9,200 people 
in total leaving the Group by the end of the first quarter 2025. 
2021 EU-wide Transparency Exercise 
On 3 December 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcement made by the European Banking Authority 
regarding the information of the 2021 EU-wide Transparency Exercise. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2022 – Highlights 
Intesa Sanpaolo comfortably meets the capital requirement set by the ECB 
On 3 February 2022 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it had received notification of the ECB’s final decision 
concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 March 2022, 
following the results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). 
The overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 
8.81%. 
This is the result of: 
- a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.79% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.79%, of which 1.01% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying the regulatory 
amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
- additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
▫ 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%, 
▫ 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.75%, 
▫ 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.05%7. 
 
7 Calculated taking into account the exposure as at 30 September 2021 in the various countries where the Group has a 
presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating to 2023, where 
available, or the most recent update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 1Q 2022).

--- Page 238 ---
237 
 
 
As announced on 3 February 2022 relating to the ECB final decision, Intesa Sanpaolo’s capital ratios as at 
30 September 2021 on a consolidated basis - after the deduction from capital of €1,932m of reserves 
distributed in October 2021, €2,804m of dividends accrued in 9M 2021 (of which €1,399m paid as an 
interim dividend in November 20218) and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues - were as 
follows: 
• 14.3% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, 
• 19% in terms of Total Capital ratio, 
calculated by applying the transitional arrangements for 2021; 
• 13.8% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, 
• 18.8% in terms of Total Capital ratio, calculated on a fully loaded basis; 
• 15.1% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis9, 
• 20.3% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis. 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
On 29 April 2022, the Shareholders’ Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held, validly constituted, on single 
call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the appointed representative – in accordance with 
Article 106, paragraph 4, of Law Decree 18 dated 17 March 2020, converted by Law 27 dated 24 April 
2020, as subsequently amended – counted 2,901 holders of voting rights attached to 10,884,970,586 
ordinary shares without nominal value equal to 56.02013% of the share capital. The Shareholders’ Meeting 
voted in favour of all the items on the agenda. 
In the ordinary session, the resolutions concerned the 2021 Financial Statements, the distribution of the 
dividend and part of the share premium reserve; the appointment of the members of the Board of Directors 
and of the Management Control Committee for the years 2022-2023-2024; the remuneration policies and 
incentive plans; and own share buybacks to service the incentive plans and for market operations. 
In the extraordinary session, the resolutions concerned the annulment of own shares without reducing the 
share capital and the consequent amendment of Article 5 (Share Capital) of the Articles of Association, as 
well as the mandate to the Board of Directors to approve a share capital increase without payment and with 
payment to service the approved incentive plans. 
Long-Term incentive plans 
With specific regard to the delegated powers approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting of 29 April 2022 for 
share capital increases to service the incentive plans authorised in the ordinary session, it should be noted 
that, in order to maximise the key role of the Group’s employees in achieving the objectives of the 2022-
2025 Business Plan, approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank on 4 February 2022, through a broad-
based shareholding in the capital of the Bank, on 15 February the Parent Company’s Board of Directors 
 
8 Net of the portion not distributed to own shares held by the Bank at the record date. 
9 Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2021, taking into 
account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan adjustments, the first 
time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285m covering the integration and 
rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, 
as well as the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and DTAs on the acquisition of UBI Banca, and 
the expected distribution on the 9M 2021 net income of insurance companies.

--- Page 239 ---
238 
 
 
had resolved to submit the following two long-term incentive plans to the Shareholders’ Meeting, based on 
financial instruments of Intesa Sanpaolo and reserved for all Group employees: 
− the 2022-2025 Performance Share Plan, reserved for Group’s Management, which provides for the 
assignment of newly issued ordinary shares of Intesa Sanpaolo deriving from a share capital increase 
without payment, subject to performance conditions in relation to specific key objectives to be achieved 
over the course of the Business Plan; 
− the 2022-2025 Leveraged Employee Co-Investment Plan LECOIP 3.0, reserved for employees of the 
Group in Italy, belonging to the Professional clusters, which provides for: i) the assignment of newly issued 
ordinary shares of Intesa Sanpaolo deriving from a share capital increase without payment (Free Shares) 
for an amount equivalent to the Variable Result Bonus advance for 2022 (employees may opt to receive the 
advance in cash and, therefore, not to participate in LECOIP 3.0); ii) the assignment, free of charge, of 
additional shares in exchange for the same share capital increase without payment (Matching Shares) based 
on the role held and seniority; iii) the subscription, in set proportions with respect to the free shares received, 
of newly issued ordinary Intesa Sanpaolo shares deriving from a share capital increase with payment 
reserved for employees, at a discounted issue price (Discounted Shares) against market value. 
On 13 June 2022, the period ended for exercising the right to withdraw from the subscription to the offer, 
expired on 30 May 2022, of the Certificates issued by J.P. Morgan and reserved for Professionals employed 
by the Group in Italy under the 2022-2025 LECOIP 3.0 Plan. A total of 45,629 employees, corresponding 
to 66.43% of those eligible, have participated in LECOIP 3.0 for a countervalue of the assigned shares (Free 
Shares and Matching Shares) of 139,931,221 euro. 
On 21 June 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo’s Board of Directors exercised the authority granted to it by the 
Shareholders’ Meeting for capital increases in favour of the Group’s employees to service the 
implementation of the 2022-2025 LECOIP 3.0 Plan. More specifically, the following were approved: 
− a share capital increase without payment for a maximum amount of 350,000,000 euro, through the issue 
of a maximum number of 160,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, having the same characteristics as 
those already outstanding and with regular dividend entitlement; 
− a share capital increase with payment, with the exclusion of the option right pursuant to Article 2441, 
paragraph 8, of the Italian Civil Code, for a maximum amount, net of a discount at issue, of 850,000,000 
euro, through the issue of a maximum number of 387,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, with the 
same characteristics as the shares already outstanding and with regular dividend entitlement, applying a 
maximum discount of 19.5% to the stock market price calculated as the average of the prices recorded in 
the 30 days prior to the issue date. 
On 30 June 2022, on the basis of the average price of the shares of Intesa Sanpaolo recorded on each 
business day in the 30 preceding calendar days – equal to 1.9080 euro – a total of 33,745,462 Free Shares, 
39,591,828 Matching Shares, and 386,972,658 Discounted Shares subscribed were assigned to the Group’s 
employees. Consequently, 73,337,290 Certificates issued by J.P. Morgan, i.e. financial instruments 
corresponding to the abovementioned sum of Free Shares plus Matching Shares, were assigned to Group 
employees. 
The following was also carried out on the same day: 
− the implementation of: 
• 
a share capital increase without payment – pursuant to Article 2349, paragraph 1 of the Italian 
Civil Code - for 83,200,000 euro, through the issue of 160,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary 
shares, using of the Extraordinary Reserve;

--- Page 240 ---
239 
 
 
• 
a share capital increase with payment, with the exclusion, pursuant to Article 2441, paragraph 8 
of the Italian Civil Code, of the option right in favour of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s employees, 
for an amount of 201,225,782.16 euro, through the issue of 386,972,658 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary 
shares at a price of 1.5671 euro (applying a discount of 17.867% to the abovementioned arithmetic 
average of the VWAP recorded in the preceding 30 calendar days), of which 0.52 euro to be 
allocated to share capital and 1.0471 euro to share premium; 
− for the Performance Share Plan, the assignment of rights to the managers that, at the end of the Plan, will 
accrue in Intesa Sanpaolo shares, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions envisaged in the related rules 
and in compliance with the number and value limits established by the Shareholders’ Meeting of 29 April 
2022. 
A total of 546,972,658 ordinary Intesa Sanpaolo shares were therefore issued without nominal value, having 
regular entitlement as coupon 47. Intesa Sanpaolo’s share capital consequently increased from 
10,084,445,147.92 euro (represented by 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares) to 10,368,870,930.08 euro, 
divided into 19,977,435,963 ordinary shares without nominal value. 
The capital increase with payment led to an increase in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s consolidated 
shareholders’ equity of 606.4 million euro, of which 201.2 million euro in share capital and 405.2 million 
euro in share premium reserve. 
Intesa Sanpaolo launched buyback approved by the Shareholders’ meeting of 29 April 2022 and 
authorized by the ECB  
On 24 June 2022, following the ECB decision, which authorises the purchase of own shares for annulment 
(buyback) for a maximum total outlay of 3,400 million euro and a number of shares not exceeding 
2,615,384,615 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares – as approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting of 29 April 
2022 and already disclosed to the market – the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo, made the resolution 
to execute the purchase carrying out an initial programme for an outlay of 1,700 million euro, and to defer 
to a subsequent date, by the time the results as at 31 December 2022 are approved, the decisions regarding 
the execution for the remaining authorised amount. 
The above-mentioned buyback programme, which may be executed partially and/or in instalments, will be 
launched on 4 July 2022 and is expected to be completed by the end of October 2022. 
The purchase programme will be carried out by an appointed third-party intermediary, operating in full 
independence and without any involvement of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, in compliance with the terms of 
the authorisation granted by the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders’ Meeting of 29 April 2022 and the resolution 
passed on 24 June 2022 by the Bank’s Board of Directors. 
As required by Article 113-ter of Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998 (the TUF- Consolidated Law 
on Finance) and Article 144-bis of Consob Resolution 11971/99 (the Issuers’ Regulation), the details of the 
share buyback programme are provided below. 
 
Share purchase transactions will be executed in compliance with provisions included in Article 2357 and 
following of the Italian Civil Code within the limits of distributable income and available reserves, as stated 
in the most recently approved financial statements. Pursuant to Article 132 of the TUF and Article 144-bis 
of the Issuers’ Regulations and subsequent amendments, purchases will be made on the regulated market 
Euronext Milan managed by Borsa Italiana, in accordance with trading methods laid down in the market 
rules for these transactions. 
Furthermore, as for the purchase modalities, transactions will be carried out in compliance with the 
conditions and restrictions under Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament

--- Page 241 ---
240 
 
 
and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and Articles 2, 3 and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
In accordance with the authorisation obtained from the Shareholders’ Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo, which 
will be effective until the ex-right date of the dividend related to the financial statements for the year ending 
31 December 2022, purchases will be made at a price identified on a case-by-case basis, net of accessory 
charges, within a minimum and a maximum price  range. This price can be determined using the following 
criteria: 
- the minimum purchase price cannot be lower than the reference price the share recorded in the stock 
market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, less 10%; 
- the maximum purchase price cannot be higher than the reference price the share recorded in the stock 
market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, plus 10%. 
At any rate, the purchase price will not be higher than the higher of the price of the last independent trade 
and the highest current independent bid on the market. Purchases may occur at one or more times. 
The maximum number of shares to be purchased daily will not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in May 2022, which was equal to 109 million shares. 
Purchases will be suspended during the period of execution of the share buyback programme relating to 
plans of assignment, free of charge, to employees of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares. The above-mentioned 
period will be duly disclosed to the market and will foreseeably fall in September 2022. 
Any subsequent changes to the programme will be duly communicated to the market in accordance with 
modalities and terms established by applicable regulations. 
The annulment of the own shares purchased will be carried out without nominal reduction of the share 
capital and may also be executed by means of several partial acts, before the purchase programme has been 
completed. Intesa Sanpaolo will notify the market of the own shares annulment transactions, in compliance 
with applicable regulations, and will update the Articles of Association and communicate the new 
composition of its share capital. 
On 11 October 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo concluded the programme launched on 4 July 2022, having purchased 
a total of 988,632,803 shares, equal to around 4.95% of its pre-annulment share capital, at an average 
purchase price of 1.7195 euro per share, for a total countervalue of 1,699,999,999.44 euro. 
On the dates of 3 August, 7 September and 14 October 2022, the own shares purchased during the period 
from 4 July to 29 July 2022 (322,814,884 shares), 1 August to 2 September 2022 (387,343,682 shares) and 
5 September to 11 October 2022 (278,474,237 shares), respectively, were annulled. As a result, the share 
capital (which before the launch of the programme was divided into 19,977,435,963 ordinary shares without 
nominal value) changed its composition, due to the reduction in the number of shares constituting it, while 
its amount remained unchanged at 10,368,870,930.08 euro. 
Intesa Sanpaolo launched ordinary share buy-back programme for free assignment to employees 
From 12 to 14 September 2022, on the other hand, a share buyback programme was implemented to service 
plans of assignment, free of charge, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares to the employees and the Financial 
Advisors of the Group10. The purchases relate to: (i) the Intesa Sanpaolo Group share-based incentive plan 
 
10 During the period of execution of the programme, the purchases of own shares for annulment (buybacks) were 
suspended.

--- Page 242 ---
241 
 
 
for 2021 reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in excess of the so-called “materiality threshold”11, 
as well as for those who are paid a “particularly high” amount12, and for those who, among Middle 
Management or Professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue “relevant bonuses”13; (ii) the Privredna 
Banka Zagreb (PBZ) Group share-based incentive plan for 2021 and the outstanding portions in financial 
instruments deriving from previous plans; (iii) the long-term incentive plans reserved for the Financial 
Advisors of the Networks of the Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking Group. In addition, the 
programme is implemented in order to grant, when certain conditions occur, severance payments upon early 
termination of employment.  
 
In the three days during which the programme was executed, a total of 46,216,652 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary 
shares were purchased, through the IMI Corporate & Investment Banking Division. These represent around 
0.24% of the share capital of the Parent Company. The average price was 1.8932 euro per share, for a total 
countervalue of 87,496,321.48 euro. The Parent Company purchased 12,967,930 shares at an average price 
of 1.8938 euro per share, for a countervalue of 24,558,315.42 euro.  
 
The transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and following and 
2359-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits determined in the resolutions passed 
by the competent corporate bodies. Specifically, in the case of the Parent Company Intesa Sanpaolo, in 
accordance with the terms approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting of 29 April 2022. 
 
Pursuant to Article 132 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and Article 144-bis of the Issuers’ Regulation 
and subsequent amendments, purchases were executed on the regulated market Euronext Milan managed 
by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid down in the market rules for these transactions. 
 
Moreover, purchases were arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under Article 5 
of Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and 
Articles 2, 3, and 4 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
 
The number of shares purchased daily did not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2022, which was equal to 108.1 million shares, and 15% of the 
volume traded on the Euronext Milan market on each of the days when purchases were executed - in 
accordance with the constraint added in the programme to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and 
restrictions. 
November 2022 Dividend 
On 4 November 2022 Intesa Sanpaolo decided to distribute an interim dividend on the 2022 results equal 
to €7.38 cents per share, before tax, corresponding to €1,401 million in aggregate. The decision was based 
on the absence of limitations to dividend distributions, including recommendations from the regulators 
regarding capital requirements applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo, as well as on the basis of Intesa Sanpaolo’s 
capital ratios. No distribution will be made to own shares held by the Bank at the record date. The interim 
dividend was paid on 23 November 2022. 
Exposure to Russia 
 
11 Equal to 50 thousand euro or one third of the total remuneration (unless otherwise provided for by specific local 
regulations). 
12 Pursuant to the Group Remuneration and Incentive Policies, for the three-year period 2019-2021 a variable 
remuneration exceeding 400 thousand euro constitutes a “particularly high” amount. 
13 Exceeding 80 thousand euro (unless otherwise provided for by specific local regulations) and 100% of the fixed 
remuneration.

--- Page 243 ---
242 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo has a direct presence in Russia, through its Russian subsidiary Banca Intesa Russia, which 
employs approximately 900 people spread in 27 branches. In addition, Intesa Sanpaolo has cross-border 
exposures stemming from its corporate and investment banking activities. In particular, in its lending 
activities, the IMI Corporate & Investment Banking Division has over time financed counterparties resident 
in the Russian Federation. Over two-thirds of the loans to Russian customers involve leading industrial 
groups, which have established commercial relationships with customers belonging to the main 
international supply chains, a significant amount of which derives from commodity exports. 
As of 31 December 2022, loans to customers exposures amounted, in terms of gross values, to €372 million 
for Banca Intesa Russia and €1,257 million for cross-border exposures to customers resident in Russia, net 
of guarantees by the ECA. As of 31 December 2022, due from banks amounted to €797 million and 
securities amounted to €73 million. At the same date, Intesa Sanpaolo’s exposure to Russian counterparties 
included in the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (“SDN”) amounted to €0.4 billion. 
As of 31 December 2022, loans to Russian customers, net of guarantees by the ECA, account for 
approximately 0.3% of the Group’s total customer loans, in terms of net values. As of 31 December 2022, 
loans to customers exposures amounted, in terms of net values, to €205 million for Banca Intesa Russia and 
€963 million for cross-border exposures to customers resident in Russia, net of guarantees by the ECA. As 
of 31 December 2022, in terms of net values, due from banks amounted to €782 million and securities 
amounted to €41 million.  
Exposure to Ukraine 
Intesa Sanpaolo operates in Ukraine through its subsidiary Pravex Bank, which employs approximately 730 
people spread across 43 branches. As of 31 December 2022, exposures to customers resident in Ukraine 
amounted, in terms of gross values, to €216 million, of which €112 million related to the subsidiary Pravex 
Bank (figures as at 30 September 2022 updated to the exchange rate of 31 December 2022) and €104 million 
for cross-border exposures. As of 31 December 2022, in terms of gross values, due from banks amounted 
to €63 million and securities amounted to €11 million. 
As of 31 December 2022, exposures to customers resident in Ukraine amounted, in terms of net values, to 
€103 million, of which nil book value related to the subsidiary Pravex Bank. As of 31 December 2022, in 
terms of net values, due from banks and securities amounted to €64 million. 
Intesa Sanpaolo comfortably meets the capital requirement set by the ECB 
On 15 December 2022 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it had received notification of the ECB’s final 
decision concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 
January 2023, following the results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). 
The overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 
8.91%. 
This is the result of: 
- 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.72% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.72%, of which 0.97% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying the regulatory 
amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
- 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to:

--- Page 244 ---
243 
 
 
o 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%, 
o 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.75%, 
o 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.19%14. 
Sovereign risk exposure 
As at 31 December 2022, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted 
to approximately €27 billion (3% of the total assets of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to 
which should be added approximately €8 billion represented by loans. On the same date, the investments 
in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries, Italy included, corresponded to €56 billion (6% of the 
total assets of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to which should be added approximately €10 
billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central banks and other 
public entities represented 11% of the total financial assets (excluding the insurance business but including 
financial assets represented by due from banks and loans to customers). 
Recent Events 
Lastly, to complete the disclosure for 2022, the continuation is confirmed of the voluntary exits plan in 
accordance with the trade union agreements of 29 September 2020 and 16 November 2021. Total voluntary 
exits were 2,019 over the twelve months – 80 in the fourth quarter, 928 in the third quarter, 111 in the 
second quarter and 900 in the first quarter – for a total of 4,858 exits from the beginning of 2021 against 
the 9,200 exits envisaged by the first quarter of 2025 under the two above-mentioned trade union 
agreements. With regard to the hiring under those agreements, since the beginning of 2021, there have been 
about 1,300 new hires, with 4,600 envisaged by the end of 2025.  
In addition, on 1 January 2023, the amendments to the Articles of Association of Banca 5 S.p.A. took effect, 
with the company’s new name of Isybank S.p.A. This is the first formal step in the project underway to 
create a new digital bank within the Group, as envisaged in the 2022-2025 Business Plan. The amendments, 
approved by the ECB on 10 October 2022, were approved by the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 
Banca 5 of 28 October 2022.  
Lastly, as part of the agreements between Risanamento, a company controlled by Intesa Sanpaolo with a 
48.88% stake, and LendLease, a leading international operator, for the development of the real estate 
initiative called Milano Santa Giulia, on 2 February 2023 the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo 
approved a complex transaction, whose structure and procedures are currently being agreed between the 
parties, aimed at enabling the following, as part of a plan to ensure the economic and financial equilibrium 
of the Risanamento Group pursuant to Article 56 of the Insolvency Code (“IC”): (i) the obtainment by the 
Risanamento Group of the financial resources necessary to fulfil its commitments made to the public 
authorities and third parties in relation to the completion of both the reclamation of the area and the 
execution of the Olympic infrastructure works under the Variant Agreement; and (ii) the transfer of the 
Milano Santa Giulia area at values in line with its book value to a mutual fund, whose units will be held by 
the lending banks or their assignees, with the concurrent novation to the aforementioned fund of the 
financial debt due to the lending banks (or their assignees) from the Risanamento Group and the payment 
to Risanamento, under particular terms and conditions, of the additional amount with respect to the values 
referred to above.  
Management 
 
14 Calculated taking into account the exposure as at 31 December 2022 in the various countries where the Group has a 
presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating to 2024, where 
available, or the most recent update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 2022 and 
for the first quarter of 2023).

--- Page 245 ---
244 
 
 
Board of Directors 
The composition of Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors as at the date hereof is as set out below. 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities  
Gian Maria Gros-Pietro 
Chair 
Director of ABI Servizi S.p.A. 
Paolo Andrea Colombo 
(#) (##) 
Deputy Chair 
Director of Colombo & Associati S.r.l. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Humanitas 
S.p.A. 
Carlo Messina (*) 
Managing 
Director 
and 
CEO 
None 
Bruno Picca(#) 
Director 
None 
Livia Pomodoro (##) 
Director 
Chair of Sustainability and Inclusion for Food S.r.l. 
Franco Ceruti 
Director 
Chair of Intesa Sanpaolo Expo Institutional Contact S.r.l. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
Chair of Società Benefit Cimarosa 1 S.p.A. 
Daniele Zamboni (##)(1) (#) 
Director 
None 
Maria Mazzarella (##)(1) 
Director 
None 
Milena Teresa Motta (##) 
(#) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Strategie & Innovazione S.r.l. 
Alberto 
Maria 
Pisani 
(##)(1) (#) 
Director 
and 
Chair 
of 
the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Maria-Cristina 
Zoppo(##)(#) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Newlat Food S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Michelin Italiana S.p.A. - 
SAMI 
Luciano Nebbia 
Director 
Deputy Chair of Equiter S.p.A. 
Maria 
Alessandra 
Stefanelli(##) 
Director 
None 
Anna Gatti(##)(1) 
Director 
Director of WiZink Bank S.A. 
Director of Wizz Air Holdings PLC 
Fabrizio Mosca(##) (#) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Olivetti 
S.p.A.

--- Page 246 ---
245 
 
 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities  
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Aste Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
Metalli Preziosi S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of DiaSorin 
Italia S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Mindicity 
S.r.l. 
Roberto Franchini (##) (#)(1) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Bruno Maria Parigi(##) 
Director 
None 
Liana Logiurato(##) 
Director 
None- 
Paola Tagliavini(#)(##) 
Director 
Director of Saipem S.p.A. 
Director of Interpump Group S.p.A. 
Director of Rai Way S.p.A. 
______________ 
(*) 
Was appointed Managing Director and CEO by the Board of Directors on 29 April 2022. He is the only executive director 
on the Board. 
(#) 
Is enrolled on the Register of Statutory Auditors and has practiced as an auditor or been a member of the supervisory body 
of a limited company 
(##) 
Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Article 13.4.3 of the Articles of Association, the Corporate Governance 
Code and Article 148, paragraph 3, of the Consolidated Law on Finance (TUF), and banking regulations. 
(1) 
Is a representative of the Minority Slate. 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the Issuer's registered office in Piazza 
San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy). 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and to Intesa Sanpaolo's knowledge, no member of the Board of 
Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo has potential conflicts of interests between their obligations arising out of their 
office or employment with the Issuer or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and any personal or other interests. 
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted special controls in place to manage the risk deriving from 
potential conflicts of interest connected with the particular proximity of certain parties to its decision-
making centers. 
Principal Shareholders

--- Page 247 ---
246 
 
 
As of 3 May 2023, the shareholder structure of Intesa Sanpaolo was composed as follows (holders of shares 
exceeding 3% (*)).   
Shareholder 
Ordinary shares 
% of ordinary shares 
Compagnia di San Paolo 
1,188,947,304 
6.503% 
Fondazione Cariplo 
961,333,900 
5.258% 
_____________ 
(*) Shareholders that are fund management companies may be exempted from disclosure up to the 5% 
threshold. 
BlackRock Inc. disclosed a 5.005% holding in the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo, notified in Form 
120 A dated 9 December 2020, as well as a 5.066% aggregate holding in the Bank’s share capital, 
notified in Form 120 B dated 4 December 2020, and has not provided any update of these holdings 
following the subsequent changes in the number of shares into which the share capital of Intesa 
Sanpaolo is divided. 
 
Note: figures may not add up exactly due to rounding differences. 
Figures updated based on the results from the register of shareholders and the latest communications 
received. 
The Italian regulations (Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Finance "TUF") set forth that holdings 
exceeding 3% of the voting capital of a listed company should be communicated to both that company and 
CONSOB. Moreover, under Article 19 of the Consolidated Law on Banking "TUB", prior authorisation by 
the Bank of Italy is required for the acquisition of holdings of capital in banks that are either significant or 
make it possible to exercise significant influence, or confer a share of voting rights or capital equal to at 
least 10%. 
The Italian regulations also set forth the obligation to disclose any agreements between shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 120, paragraph 4-bis, of the "TUF" sets forth the obligation for investors who acquire 
holdings in listed issuers with Italy as home Member State, equal to or above 10% of the relevant capital 
or a lower threshold as defined by CONSOB, to declare the objectives they are pursuing. 
Legal Proceedings 
Disputes relating to anatocism and other current account and credit facility conditions, as well as usury 
During 2022, the disputes of this type – which for years have been a significant part of the civil litigation 
brought against the Italian banking industry – decreased both in number and in total value of claims made 
compared to the previous year. Overall, the number of disputes, including mediations, with likely risk 
amounted to around 2,860. The remedy sought amounted to 491 million euro, with provisions of 180 million 
euro. As is the case for the other civil disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is 
carried out individually, taking into account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the 
proceedings and case-law decisions, for each dispute.  
In 2014 and 2016, Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Banking, which governs the compounding of 
interest in banking transactions, was amended with the establishment of the ban on anatocism and the 
delegation of the CICR (Interdepartmental Committee for Credit and Savings) to regulate this matter. In 
February 2017, the Italian Antitrust Authority initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo for alleged 
unfair business practices involving, among other things, the methods used to request the above-mentioned

--- Page 248 ---
247 
 
 
authorisation from customers for the charging of the interest to the account imposed by the new regulations 
introduced in 2016. The Authority completed the proceedings in October 2017, ruling that Intesa Sanpaolo 
had implemented an “aggressive” policy aimed at acquiring the authorisation, by soliciting customers to 
provide it through various means of communications and without putting them in a position to consider the 
consequences of that choice in terms of the interest calculation on the compounded debt interest. As a result, 
the Authority issued a fine of 2 million euro against Intesa Sanpaolo. Intesa Sanpaolo has submitted an 
appeal with the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, on the grounds that the ruling was unfounded. With 
ruling of 2 January 2023, the Regional Administrative Court confirmed the fine and the Bank will appeal 
to the Council of State.  
Disputes relating to investment services 
Also in this area, the disputes showed a downtrend in terms of number compared to the previous year. The 
most significant sub-group was disputes concerning derivatives. There were a total of around 350 disputes 
relating to investment services with likely risk. The total remedy sought amounted to around 242 million 
euro, with provisions of 144 million euro. As is the case for the other civil disputes, the assessment of the 
risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking into account the claims made, the 
defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and the case-law guidance, for each dispute. We also 
note approximately 154 disputes with a remedy sought of 142 million euro initiated by “wiped out” 
shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former “Old Banks” of Banca delle Marche, Banca 
Popolare dell’Etruria e del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti, deemed to be of possible 
risk. Those disputes are backed by the warranties and obligations to indemnify by the Seller (National 
Resolution Fund) for the benefit of the former UBI Banca, and now Intesa Sanpaolo, and therefore also 
cover any liabilities arising from the activities carried out by the Banks (the “Old Banks”) before they were 
subject to the resolution procedure, in relation to, inter alia, risks of a legal nature or generally related to 
ongoing or threatened disputes, or violations of the law and any potential liabilities. 
Dispute regarding financial derivative instruments 
With regard to derivative transactions, the legal risks linked to legal proceedings with local authorities, their 
subsidiaries and individuals continue to be subject to careful monitoring.  
Specifically, disputes are pending with 20 local authorities, with possible or probable risk, for total claims 
of 142 million euro, and disputes with 5 Companies controlled by public entities, with total claims of 66 
million euro. Disputes with individuals, assessed as having possible or probable risk, total around 197, and 
of these, around 43 positions also regard requests for refunds of amounts on other accounts held with the 
Bank. Net of those latter positions, the total value of the claims lodged in the proceedings regarding only 
derivatives amounts to around 84 million euro. 
With regard to contracts entered into with local authorities, during 2022, 6 new disputes were initiated 
against the Bank (Province of Catanzaro, Province of Varese, Province of Rovigo, Municipality of 
Marsciano, Municipality of Soriano del Cimino and Municipality of Servigliano) with total claims of 27 
million euro. In the same year, 4 rulings were issued relating to the following proceedings: 
− Municipality of Faenza: with decision dated 1 February 2022, the Court of Appeal of Bologna confirmed 
that the contract was null and void. In execution of the first instance ruling, the Bank paid 2.8 million euro. 
An appeal was lodged with the Court of Cassation. 
− Municipality of Santa Maria Capua Vetere: the Court of Rome, in its ruling of 2 March 2022, rejected 
the claim of invalidity of the two derivative contracts, made by the Municipality, and, instead upheld the 
claim for implicit costs not disclosed at the time of signing and ordered the Bank to pay 1.1 million euro 
plus interest and revaluation.

--- Page 249 ---
248 
 
 
− Municipality of Vittorio Veneto: the Court of Venice, with non-final ruling of 29 March 2022, voided 
two contracts, referring to the final decision for the quantification of the restitutionary effects, whose 
potential risk amounts to 5.8 million euro. 
− Province of Pavia: with decision dated 4 May 2022, the Court of Appeal of Milan confirmed that the 
contract was null and void. In execution of the first instance ruling, the Bank had already paid 10.1 million 
euro. An appeal was lodged with the Court of Cassation.  
A summary of the most significant disputes with local authorities is provided below:  
− Municipality of Venice: the dispute regards a contract governed by the ISDA, with remedy sought of 71 
million euro. With ruling of 14 October 2022, the High Court of Justice in London held that the 
Municipality did not have the capacity to enter into speculative derivative contracts involving debt. As a 
result, the High Court established that the Municipality was entitled to the restitution of the differentials 
paid to the Bank solely in the amount exceeding the outlays of the Bank incurred for the back-to-back 
hedging derivatives (at least until December 2020, the date on which the Municipality formally challenged 
the validity of the transaction). In this case, the application of that principle would significantly reduce the 
restitutionary obligation to the Municipality. The parties formalised the grounds for appeal by the set 
deadline of 3 February 2023. In a subsequent hearing of 6 February 2023, the request was upheld to defer 
to the outcome of the appeal the settlement of the credit/debit amounts between the parties (“consequential 
hearing”) due to the High Court’s ruling. The Bank was also ordered to pay 70% of the legal fees requested 
by the Municipality, of which 35%, equal to around 2 million GBP, to be paid by 20 February. With regard 
to the second proceedings with the Municipality of Venice before the Italian court, regarding alleged 
breaches deriving from the mandate and investment services agreements, the Court has set a new hearing 
for 22 March 2023, “as it would be appropriate to hear testimony from the parties and obtain clarifications, 
given the likely settlement of the proceedings held in the UK.” 
− Municipality of Perugia: at the end of 2020, the Municipality of Perugia served a summons relating to 
four derivative contracts entered into in 2006, asking for repayment of the amounts paid, to be quantified 
during the lawsuit. The Court permitted an expert’s report, adjourning to the hearing of 9 March 2023 for 
the examination of the expert witness report.  
With regard to the contracts entered into with subsidiaries of local authorities, no new disputes were 
initiated, while 2 rulings were issued regarding the following proceedings: 
− Azienda Socio Sanitaria territoriale Valle Olona: with ruling dated 6 April 2022, the Court of Busto 
Arsizio declared the contract null and void. In execution of the ruling, the Bank paid 1.8 million euro and 
lodged an appeal. 
− Aler S.p.A.: with ruling dated 1 August 2022, the Court of Appeal of Milan confirmed that the contract 
entered into with the then Banca OPI was null and void. As a result of the first instance ruling, the Bank 
had paid 4.6 million euro. The possibility of filing an appeal with the Court of Cassation is being evaluated.  
A summary of the most significant disputes with subsidiaries of local authorities is provided below: 
− Terni Reti Sud S.r.l.: the dispute concerns a derivative contract entered into in August 2007 by the former 
Banca delle Marche15 with Terni Reti Sud S.r.l., whose capital is 100% held by the Municipality di Terni. 
The opponent claims that the derivative is null and void due to failure to communicate the MTM and the 
 
15 Note that those disputes are backed by the warranties and obligations to indemnify by the Seller (National Resolution 
Fund) for the benefit of UBI Banca in relation to the acquisition of the New Banks deriving from the resolution of 
Banca delle Marche, Banca Popolare dell’Etruria e del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti and 
therefore also cover any liabilities arising from the activities carried out by the Banks (the “Old Banks”) before they 
were subject to the resolution procedure, in relation to, inter alia, risks of a legal nature or generally related to ongoing 
or threatened disputes, or violations of the law and any potential liabilities.

--- Page 250 ---
249 
 
 
probabilistic scenarios, and the breach of disclosure obligations, formulating a demand of 22 million euro. 
The Court ordered a court-appointed expert’s report and adjourned the case to 13 June 2023. 
− EUR S.p.A.: in May 2021, a writ of summons was served by EUR S.p.A., a company held by the Ministry 
of the Economy and Finance and Roma Capitale. In addition to ISP, the company is also suing other 
intermediaries due to derivative contracts governed by the ISDA, entered into in relation to a syndicated 
loan granted. At the hearing of 8 November 2022, the Court deemed that the lawsuit was ready for a ruling 
on the objection raised by the defendants regarding the lack of jurisdiction of the Italian court, and granted 
the terms for filing the closing briefs. Intesa Sanpaolo’s risk amounts to 22 million euro.  
Disputes with individuals are decreasing, in terms of both stock and flows. 
Dispute relating to loans in CHF to the Croatian subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb Dd 
As already noted in the previous financial statements, Privredna Banka Zagreb ("PBZ") and seven other 
Croatian banks are defending themselves within an action brought by Potrošač (Croatian Union of the 
Consumer Protection Association) in relation to loans denominated or indexed to Swiss francs granted in 
the past. According to the plaintiff, the defendant banks behaved improperly by allegedly using illegitimate 
interest rate forecasts, which could be changed unilaterally by the bank, and by denominating the loans 
granted in Swiss francs (or indexing them to Swiss francs) without allegedly duly informing consumers of 
all the risks before the signing of the respective loan agreements.  
In September 2019, the Croatian Supreme Court rendered a ruling in the collective action proceedings, 
rejecting the appeals filed by the sued banks against the High Commercial Court ruling from 2018 and 
confirming the position of courts of lower instance that banks had breached collective interests and rights 
of consumers by incorporating unfair and null and void provisions on the CHF currency clause. The 
decision of the Supreme Court was challenged by PBZ before the Constitutional Court, which rejected the 
claim at the beginning of 2021. The subsidiary thus lodged an appeal before the European Court of Human 
Rights, which was rejected near the end of 2022.  
In connection with the mentioned proceedings for the protection of the collective interests of consumers, 
numerous individual proceedings have been brought by customers against PBZ, despite the fact that most 
of them voluntarily accepted the offer to convert their CHF loans into EUR denominated loans retroactively, 
in accordance with the Act on the Amendments to the Consumer Credit Act (Croatian Official Gazette 
102/2015 – "Conversion Law").  
In March 2020, the Croatian Supreme Court, within model case proceedings (a Supreme Court proceedings 
with obligatory effect on lower instance courts with the aim of unifying/harmonising case law), ruled that 
the conversion agreements concluded between banks and borrowers under the Croatian Conversion Law of 
2015 produce legal effects and are valid even in the case when the provisions of the underlying loan 
agreements on variable interest rate and currency clause are null and void. In May 2022, the EU Court of 
Justice, in proceedings regarding reference for a preliminary ruling involving another intermediary, 
established that the Court of Justice has jurisdiction over the conversion agreements concluded under the 
Conversion Law, as they occurred after Croatia joined the European Union, and that the EU Directive on 
unfair terms in consumer contracts does not apply to those conversion agreements, whose content 
reproduces provisions of national law. 
On 20 December 2022, the Civil Law Department of the Croatian Supreme Court provided an interpretation 
of the legal effects of the agreements for the conversion of loan agreements from CHF to EUR and on 
consumers’ rights. By virtue of that interpretation, consumers that entered into a conversion agreement 
pursuant to the aforementioned Conversion Law of 2015 have the right to receive legal interest on excess 
amounts paid that the bank calculated on converting the loans, from the date of each single payment up to 
the date of conversion. Once this judicial interpretation is recorded with the Court Practice Records 
Department, it will be final and binding for lower instance courts.

--- Page 251 ---
250 
 
 
The number of new individual lawsuits filed against PBZ in 2022 was lower than those in 2021. At the end 
of 2022, the total pending cases amounted to a few thousand. It cannot be excluded the possibility that 
additional lawsuits might be filed against PBZ in the future in connection with CHF loans. 
Dispute with the foreign subsidiary Banca Intesa Beograd (Serbia)  
The following areas of the mass disputes that have impacted the entire Serbian banking system shown 
below.  
1) Processing fees  
Legal dispute regarding processing fees applied by banks at the time of disbursing loans. The claimants, 
individuals and legal persons, are requesting the repayment of those charges, as they are deemed as not 
owed. The first claims arose in 2017 and recorded a significant increase in lawsuits was recorded in the 
following years, though for modest amounts on average. At the end of 2022 Banca Intesa Beograd had been 
summoned in around 18,600 lawsuits deemed as having possible or probable risk (at the end of 2021, these 
amounted to around 24,500); the related total amounts of principal requested to be repaid by the Bank came 
to around 1.3 million euro. Most of the courts accepted the customers’ requests, based on an interpretation 
of regulations that the banks oppose. In September 2021, the Supreme Court of Serbia recognised the 
legitimacy of the costs and fees applied to loans at the time of their disbursement, provided they are 
indicated in the contract proposal. During 2022, the flows of new disputes significantly decreased on 2021, 
and several customers dropped pending disputes. 
2) NKOSK  
Legal dispute relating to real estate loans insured through the National Housing Loan Insurance Corporation 
(NKOSK), whose premium is paid by the borrowers. The borrowers deem that, as the Bank is the 
Beneficiary of the insurance, the premium should be paid by the Bank. At the end of 2022 Banca Intesa 
Beograd had been summoned in around 1,100 lawsuits deemed as having possible or probable risk (at the 
end of 2021, these amounted to around 1,000); the related total amounts of principal requested to be repaid 
by the Bank came to around 1.1 million euro. Most of the courts accepted the customers’ requests, based 
on an interpretation of regulations that the banks oppose. In September 2021, the Supreme Court of Serbia 
recognised the legitimacy of requiring the insurance premium to be paid by the borrowers, provided that 
the obligation is clearly described to the borrowers during precontractual procedures. In 2022, the flows of 
new disputes grew slightly on 2021, and several customers dropped pending disputes.  
Ruling of the EU Court of Justice of 11 September 2019 on credit agreements for consumers - so-called 
Lexitor ruling  
Article 16, paragraph 1, of Directive 2008/48 on credit agreements for consumers states that in the event of 
early repayment of the loan the consumer is “entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, such 
reduction consisting of the interest and the costs for the remaining duration of the contract”. According to 
the Lexitor ruling, this provision must be interpreted as meaning that the right to a reduction in the total 
cost of the credit includes all the costs incurred by the consumer and therefore also includes the costs 
relating to services prior to or connected with the signing of the contract (upfront costs such as processing 
costs or agency fees).  
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 has been transposed in Italy through Article 125 sexies of the 
Consolidated Law on Banking, according to which in the event of early repayment “the consumer is entitled 
to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, equal to the amount of interest and costs due for the remaining 
life of the contract”. On the basis of this rule, the Bank of Italy, the Financial Banking Arbitrator and case 
law have held that the obligation to repay only relates to the charges that have accrued during the course of 
the relationship (recurring costs) and have been paid in advance by the customer to the lender. In the event

--- Page 252 ---
251 
 
 
of early repayment, these costs must be repaid in the amount not yet accrued and the obligation to repay 
does not include the upfront costs.  
Following the Lexitor judgment, the question has arisen as to whether Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated 
Law on Banking should be interpreted in accordance with the principle laid down therein or whether the 
new principle requires a legislative amendment.  
According to the EU principle of “consistent interpretation”, it cannot be (re)interpreted by the court in 
order to bring it into line with the various provisions of a European directive: the principles recognised by 
European Union law prevent the national court from being required to make an interpretation that goes 
against the provisions of the domestic law. In this regard, we note that Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated 
Law on Banking has always been interpreted as meaning that, in the event of early repayment, the obligation 
to repay relates only to recurring costs and therefore does not include upfront costs.  
In December 2019, following the Lexitor ruling, the Bank of Italy issued “guidance” for the implementation 
of the principle established by the EU Court of Justice, to the effect that all costs (including upfront costs) 
should be included among the costs to be refunded in the event of early repayment, both for new 
relationships and for existing relationships.  
Intesa Sanpaolo has decided to follow the Bank of Italy “guidance”, even though it believes that the legal 
arguments set out above regarding the fact that Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking 
cannot be interpreted in a manner that complies with the Lexitor ruling are well founded. A provision has 
therefore been made in the Allowance for Risks and Charges corresponding to the estimated higher charges 
resulting from the decision to follow the Bank of Italy “guidance”.  
On 25 July 2021, Article 11-octies of Law 106/2021 took effect, which modified paragraph 1 of Article 
125 sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking, with the intention of resolving the situation of uncertainty 
caused by the Lexitor ruling, with the following provisions:  
− 
with regard to the rules on mortgage lending to consumers, removal of the reference to Article 
125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking and insertion of a specific provision on the early 
redemption of this type of loan, limiting repayment to only the interest and costs due for the 
remaining life of the loan agreement;  
− 
with regard to the rules on consumer credit, the text of Article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Law 
on Banking is modified so as to implement the principles of the Lexitor ruling, indicating, 
however, the amortised cost criterion as the preferred criterion for calculating repayment;  
− 
these provisions only apply to loan agreements signed after the entry into force of the law 
converting the decree. Loan agreements signed before that date are expressly to be governed by 
the provisions of law and Supervisory Provisions previously in force.  
The new rule does not have significant impacts on new contracts: for personal loans, the contractual clauses 
already comply with the rule, and for salary-backed loan products, the companies in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group have adopted the “tutto TAN” (All APR) model, which does not apply incidental costs to the 
customer, aside from interest. As regards consumer credit agreements concluded before the date of entry 
into force of the new rule, even if the agreements expired after that date, the repayment of the upfront costs 
could be limited to the amount established in the agreement.  
The Coordination Board of the Banking and Financial Ombudsman (ABF), which was assigned the issue 
of repayment of the upfront costs following the entry into force of the “Lexitor amendment”, issued 
Decision no. 21676 on 15 October 2021, stating the following principle: in application of the legislative

--- Page 253 ---
252 
 
 
change pursuant to Article 11 octies, paragraph 2, last sentence of Law Decree No. 73 of 25 May 2021, 
converted into Law no. 106 of 23 July 2021, in the event of early repayment of a loan entered into before 
the entry into force of the specific regulatory provisions, there must be a distinction between costs relating 
to activities over the course of the contractual relationship (recurring costs) and costs relating to the 
fulfilment of preliminary obligations for granting the loan (upfront costs). This means that the former, but 
not the latter, can be repaid, limited to the portion not accrued due to the early repayment.  
The guidance from the Coordination Board of the Banking and Financial Ombudsman continues to be 
followed by the single panels, which reject the requests for pro rata repayment of upfront costs. The 
decisions were not suspended even after the issue of the legitimacy of the legislative change was referred 
to the Constitutional Court. This will be explained further below. On 1 December 2021, the Bank of Italy 
also notified intermediaries that, as a result of the changes made by Law 106/2021 to Article 125 sexies of 
the Consolidated Law on Banking, its “guidelines” of 4 December 2019 are to be considered invalid. Those 
guidelines requested that, in the event of the early repayment of consumer credit loans, the reduction in the 
total cost of the loan be calculated, including all costs borne by the consumer (recurring and upfront costs), 
excluding taxes. Conversely, ordinary case law is divided over the application of the new rule. Several 
judges have applied the new provision by rejecting the claimant’s request for pro rata repayment of upfront 
fees following early repayment. However, in a significant number of cases, particularly in disputes before 
Justices of Peace, the customer’s right to pro rata repayment of the upfront costs was recognised, deeming 
that - with varying, questionable grounds - the Lexitor principles should be applied also following the entry 
into force of the legislative change. Those rulings have generally been challenged by the Bank.  
With ruling no. 263 of 22 December 2022, the Constitutional Court accepted the question of 
constitutionality raised by the Court of Turin in November 2021, in a lawsuit brought against an 
intermediary specialising in salary-backed loans, for repayment of the upfront costs, declaring only the 
section of Article 11 octies, paragraph 2 of Law Decree no. 73 of 25 May 2021, converted with amendments 
into Law no. 106 of 23 July 2021 with the wording “and the secondary regulations contained in the 
transparency and supervisory provisions of the Bank of Italy” to be unconstitutional.  
In light of the ruling of the Constitutional Court, the Bank made an initial estimate of the potential charge 
connected with the effects of the partial declaration of unconstitutionality of Article 11 octies, paragraph 2 
of Law Decree no. 73 of 25 May 2021, making a specific provision to the allowance for risks and charges. 
On 9 February 2023, the European Court of Justice, within proceedings originating from a reference for a 
preliminary ruling from the Austrian Supreme Court, ruled on the applicability of the Lexitor principle to 
mortgage lending to consumers. The Austrian Court asked the European Court of Justice whether Directive 
2014/17 on mortgage lending to consumers precluded national legislation providing that the right of the 
consumer to a reduction in the total cost of the credit in the event of early repayment of the credit covers 
only interest and costs that are dependent on the duration of the agreement. The Court declared that 
Directive 2014/17 does not preclude such legislation.  
According to the Court, that right to reduction does not, therefore, include costs which, irrespective of the 
duration of the agreement, are payable by the consumer to either the creditor or third parties for services 
previously rendered in their entirety at the time of early repayment (such as processing and appraisal fees). 
Moreover, in 2021 the European Commission launched the process for the revision of EU Directive no. 
2008/48 on consumer credit, on which the Lexitor ruling had been handed down. Following the legislative 
proposal initially formulated by the Commission, the phase of involving the European Parliament and 
Council began and, in the last few months, these bodies defined their positions by publishing their 
respective proposals. 
Dispute between Intesa Sanpaolo Vita S.p.A. and RB Holding S.p.A. and the Favaretto family

--- Page 254 ---
253 
 
 
In May 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo Vita S.p.A. finalised an investment in RBM Assicurazioni Salute S.p.A., the 
leading Italian insurance company in the healthcare class held by RB Holding S.p.A. referring to the family 
of Roberto Favaretto, an operation that resulted in Intesa Vita S.p.A. currently controlling the insurance 
company, now named Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute S.p.A. 
In May, Intesa Sanpaolo Vita sent the minority shareholders RB Holding S.p.A. an indemnity request 
pursuant to and in accordance with the investment contract, in relation to the emerging situations that gave 
rise (or could give rise) to liabilities currently quantifiable at over 129 million euro, which substantially 
involve: 
− the increase in the charges for claims concerning the mètaSalute Policy due to the elimination of 
unfair business practices subject to proceedings launched by the AGCM (Italian Competition 
Authority); 
− credit positions (per ‘premium settlements’) posted to balance sheet assets at the time of closing and 
fully written down following the closing, due to their verified uncollectibility; 
− penalties for delays in payments of claims relating to the ASDEP – Healthcare for Employees of 
Public Entities Policy. 
RB Holding S.p.A. rejected all charges and, in the third week of July, along with the Favaretto family, 
submitted a petition to the Arbitration Chamber of Milan, claiming the invalidity of several clauses in the 
investment contract and shareholders’ agreement of 2020 (including those relating to the put and call 
options on the minority interest and the non-competition agreement), breaches by Intesa Sanpaolo Vita of 
contractual commitments (such as the consultation clause relating to the renewal of the mètaSalute contract 
and the termination of the relationship with the previous Managing Director), the breach by the latter of the 
rules of good faith and fairness, with a request for compensation for damages totalling 423.5 million Euro. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Vita S.p.A. filed its defence to the Arbitration Chamber by the assigned deadline of 5 
September 2022, fully contesting the adverse party’s arguments and also making a counterclaim for the 
payment of a total amount of 129.4 million euro, for the breach, by RB Hold S.p.A., of the representations 
and warranties issued and commitments undertaken through the investment contract, as well as the 
obligation to act in accordance with fairness and good faith, making full reference to the claims set out in 
the indemnity request of last May.  
As the appearing parties did not reach an agreement on the appointment of the President of the Arbitration 
Tribunal, they submitted a joint request to the Arbitration Board to postpone the appointment. Where 
consultation between the parties identifies the interest in an amicable settlement, the fact that the dispute is 
pending shall not impede the verification of the feasibility of such cases. 
Disputes arising from the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships of Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in 
compulsory administrative liquidation  
Preliminarily, the following is noted:  
a) 
based on the agreements between the two banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and Intesa 
Sanpaolo (Sale Contract of 26 June 2017 and Second Acknowledgement Agreement of 17 January 
2018), two distinct categories of disputes have been identified (also relating to the subsidiaries of the 
former Venetian banks included in the sale):  
− 
the previous disputes, included among the liabilities of the aggregate set transferred to Intesa 
Sanpaolo, which include civil disputes relating to judgements already pending at 26 June 2017,

--- Page 255 ---
254 
 
 
with some exceptions, and in any case different from those included under the excluded disputes 
(see the point below);  
− 
the excluded disputes, which remain under the responsibility of the banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation and which concern, among other things, disputes brought (also before 
26 June 2017) by shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate bondholders of one of the two 
former Venetian banks, disputes relating to non-performing loans, disputes relating to 
relationships terminated at the date of the transfer, and all disputes (whatever their subject) arising 
after the sale and relating to acts or events occurring prior to the sale. The excluded disputes also 
include the disputes attributable to all the categories listed herein brought against Banca Nuova 
and Banca Apulia (or Intesa Sanpaolo as their absorbing company). The relevant provisions were 
transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo along with the previous disputes; in any case, if the allowances 
transferred prove insufficient, Intesa Sanpaolo is entitled to be indemnified by the Banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation, at the terms provided for in the sale contract of 26 June 
2017; 
b) 
after 26 June 2017, a number of lawsuits included within the excluded disputes were initiated or 
resumed against Intesa Sanpaolo. With regard to these lawsuits:  
− 
Intesa Sanpaolo is pleading and will plead its non-involvement and lack of capacity to be sued, 
both on the basis of the provisions of Law Decree 99/2017 (Article 3), and the agreements signed 
with the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and in compliance with the European 
Commission provisions on State Aid (Decision C(2017) 4501 final and attachment B to the Sale 
Contract of 26 June 2017), which prohibit Intesa Sanpaolo from taking responsibility for any 
claims made by the shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former Venetian banks;  
− 
if there were to be a ruling against Intesa Sanpaolo (and in any event for the charges incurred by 
Intesa Sanpaolo for any reason in relation to its involvement in any excluded disputes), it would 
have the right to be fully reimbursed by the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation;  
− 
the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation have contractually acknowledged their 
capacity to be sued with respect to the excluded disputes, such that they have entered appearances 
in various proceedings initiated (or re-initiated) by various shareholders and convertible and/or 
subordinate bondholders against Intesa Sanpaolo (or in any case included in the category of 
excluded disputes), asking for the declaration of their exclusive capacity to be sued and the 
consequent exclusion of Intesa Sanpaolo from those proceedings;  
All the obligations and liabilities for indemnity assumed by the Banks in compulsory administrative 
liquidation in relation to Intesa Sanpaolo are covered by a public guarantee (“Indemnification Guarantee”), 
whose issue was an essential prerequisite of the sale contract. This guarantee was formalised on 15 
November 2022.  
Over time, by virtue of the contractual obligations assumed by the two Venetian Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation, Intesa Sanpaolo has sent them several claims containing requests (or reserving 
the right to make requests) for reimbursement/indemnity relating to previously incurred or potential damage 
concerning previous disputes or excluded disputes, as well as the breach of representations and warranties 
regarding certain assets and liabilities transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo. 
Pending the formalisation of the “Indemnification Guarantee”, on 14 October 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo and 
the two Venetian Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation negotiated and signed a “Third 
Agreement” to govern several aspects for the performance of the Sale Contract of 26 June 2017 (as occurred 
for two previous acknowledgement agreements signed in 2017 and in 2018). At that time, Intesa Sanpaolo 
and the two Venetian Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation:

--- Page 256 ---
255 
 
 
− extended the duration of the loan agreements on the net debt of the sale and the sale of high risk loans 
and their conditions, aligning the guarantees; 
− specified, both regarding the claims already sent by Intesa Sanpaolo and for the future, several aspects 
concerning the timing and methods of managing the related requests for compensation, covered by the 
Indemnification Guarantee in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
− agreed on several methods to effectively manage disputes in which Intesa Sanpaolo will be involved. 
By order of 20 July 2021, in the proceedings relating to the excluded disputes brought for the alleged 
misselling of BPVi shares in which Intesa Sanpaolo (which claimed it lacks the capacity to be sued based 
on Law Decree 99/2017 and the sale contract) is also a party, the Court of Florence referred the question of 
the constitutionality of Law Decree 99/2017 to the Constitutional Court. This is the first case of referral to 
the Constitutional Court of issues relating to Law Decree 99/2017. To date, the numerous applications for 
referral to the Constitutional Court formulated by the adverse parties in proceedings relating to the excluded 
disputes have always been rejected by judges, as they were deemed immaterial or clearly unfounded. 
In filing an appearance in court, the Bank challenged the order of referral, claiming that it was inadmissible 
and unfounded; this, considering EU and Italian regulations on State aid as part of the operations on the 
Venetian Banks, correctly applied by the national legal system, and the absence of discriminatory effects 
against the shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the Venetian Banks. The Presidency of the 
Council of Ministers and BPVi in compulsory administrative liquidation (as well as the Bank of Italy, as 
amicus curiae) filed appearances in the proceedings, concluding in favour of the inadmissibility and lack 
of grounds of the issues of unconstitutionality raised. 
With ruling no. 225 filed on 7 November 2022, accepting the defences of Intesa Sanpaolo, the Attorney 
General and Banca Popolare di Vicenza in compulsory administrative liquidation, the Court declared all 
the issues of unconstitutionality raised to be inadmissible, also taking a position on their lack of grounds, 
in line with the defences submitted by Intesa Sanpaolo. 
In January 2018, as part of a criminal proceeding before the Court of Rome for the alleged market rigging 
and obstructing the Supervisory Authorities in the performance of their functions with respect to officers 
and executives of Veneto Banca, the preliminary hearing judge decided that Intesa Sanpaolo could be 
charged with civil liability, assuming that the exclusion from the sale to Intesa Sanpaolo of the debts, 
responsibilities and liabilities deriving from the sale of shares and subordinated bonds – envisaged by Law 
Decree 99/2017 – would not be objectionable by third parties, while Article 2560 of the Italian Civil Code 
would be applicable in the case in question and Intesa Sanpaolo should therefore take on those liabilities. 
As a result of this decision, more than 3,800 civil plaintiffs holding Veneto Banca shares or subordinated 
bonds joined the proceedings. Intesa Sanpaolo thus filed an appearance, requesting that it be excluded from 
the proceedings. In turn, Veneto Banca in compulsory administrative liquidation intervened voluntarily 
affirming its exclusive, substantial and procedural capacity to be sued.  
In March 2018, the preliminary hearing judge declared his lack of territorial jurisdiction, transferring the 
files to the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Treviso. The charge of civil liability and the joinders of the civil 
parties were therefore removed. After the case documents were forwarded to the Public Prosecutor’s Office 
of Treviso, the former Managing Director of Veneto Banca, Vincenzo Consoli, was committed to trial for 
the offences of market-rigging, obstructing banking supervisory authorities and financial reporting 
irregularities.  
The Judge for the Preliminary Hearing rejected the motion to authorise the summons of Intesa Sanpaolo as 
civilly liable party. A similar motion was rejected in the criminal proceedings before the Court of Vicenza

--- Page 257 ---
256 
 
 
against management board members and key function holders and executives of Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza. 
Disputes relating to bank guarantees  
This type of dispute derives from a decision of the Court of Cassation in 2017, based on a Bank of Italy 
measure of 2005 relating to a bank guarantee scheme submitted to it by the ABI (agreed with the main 
consumers’ associations). The Bank of Italy deemed that three clauses in this scheme could have anti-
competition effects if applied in a standard manner by banks. Referring to that measure, the Court of 
Cassation formulated the following new principle of law: once the existence of an unlawful, and therefore, 
null and void anticompetitive agreement has been ascertained, bank guarantees that constitute the 
application of the unlawful agreement shall also be deemed unlawful, even if issued prior to the verification 
of the agreement. Recently, as part of recovery proceedings managed by Italfondiario on behalf of the Bank, 
the issue relating to the consequences of the principle stated by the Court in 2017 on individual bank 
guarantees issued based on the Italian Banking Association (ABI) scheme was referred to the Joint Sections.  
Specifically, they were asked to assess:  
a) 
whether the inclusion of the unlawful clauses in the contract justifies the declaration that the contracts 
are null and void or exclusively legitimises the claim for damages;  
b) 
in the event of nullity, what type of defect determines such nullity and which party is entitled to enforce 
it;  
c) 
whether the partial nullity of the bank guarantee is admissible;  
d) 
whether, in addition to verifying that the clauses match those deemed unlawful, the intention of the 
parties regarding the operation must be investigated and, that is, whether they would have gone ahead 
even knowing the clauses were unlawful.  
On 30 December 2021, the Joint Sections declared the partial nullity of the bank guarantees drawn up based 
on the Italian Banking Association (ABI) template, in relation to clauses 2, 6 and 8. An initial examination 
of the ruling shows that the Joint Sections opted for an intermediate solution, excluding the other two 
possible solutions: on one side, they ruled out the full validity of the bank guarantee, a solution which would 
have exclusively permitted compensation for damages as the only remedy to be used by the guarantor (as 
suggested in the conclusions of the General Prosecutor prior to the hearing of 23 November 2021); on the 
other side, they ruled out the possibility of deeming the entire bank guarantee contract null and void.  
The ruling of the Court of Cassation could result in an increase in disputes on this matter.  
Andrea Abbà + 207  
This is a dispute pending before the Court of Milan, Business Section, initiated in 2019 by Mr. Abbà and 
207 subordinated bondholders of Banca delle Marche16. The claimants seek a declaration voiding the bonds 
and compensation for the damages suffered. The claim has been quantified at approximately 31 million 
Euro.  
The Bank filed its appearance, objecting that it lacked the capacity to be sued, arguing in particular that the 
bonds in question were outside the scope of the sale by the Bridge Entity to UBI. UBI also argued that the 
claimant’s claims had become time barred and that the adverse parties lacked capacity, since they were not 
the “first borrowers” and thus by law were not entitled to claim that the original bonds were inherently 
 
16 See the previous note.

--- Page 258 ---
257 
 
 
flawed. Finally, the lack of grounds to void the bonds and of evidence of the causal relationship between 
the Bank’s conduct at issue and the damages was underscored. 
As the manager of the National Resolution Fund, the Bank of Italy intervened in the proceedings, upholding 
the arguments and conclusions formulated by the former UBI Banca. Following its interruption due to the 
death of one of the claimants, the lawsuit was resumed.  
AC Costruzioni S.r.l.  
Proceedings brought by AC Costruzioni S.r.l. (subsequently declared bankrupt) and Aurelio Cava 
(deceased during the trial) seeking a declaratory judgment establishing contractual and/or extracontractual 
liability of the Bank for the revocation of the credit facilities in 1998 and a judgment ordering the bank to 
provide compensation for the damages resulting from revocation, quantified at a total of around 33 million 
Euro.  
The adverse party’s claims were rejected in full by both the Court of Cosenza and the Catanzaro Court of 
Appeal, which upheld the arguments made by the Bank. The judgment of the second instance was appealed 
by Cava’s heirs and then by the receiver to AC Costruzioni by counter-appeal and cross-appeal. 
By order filed at the end of July 2022, the Court of Cassation rejected the appeals filed by the adverse 
parties in their entirety and ordered them to pay the cost to the bank. 
Metropolitan City of Rome Capital (formerly the Province of Rome) 
Criminal proceedings are pending before the Rome Public Prosecutor’s Office against a former Banca IMI 
manager for co-commission of aggravated fraud against the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital (formerly 
the Province of Rome).  
The proceedings relate to the overall transaction for the purchase by the local authority, through the real 
estate fund Fondo Immobiliare Provincia di Roma (fully owned by the Province of Rome), of the new EUR 
premises.  
The real-estate transaction received financing of 232 million Euro from UniCredit, BNL and Banca IMI 
(each with 1/3).  
The former Banca IMI employee is accused of having misled – with three other managers of the two other 
lending banks, seven managers of the asset management company that manages the provincial fund and 
two public officials – the fund’s internal control bodies and representatives of the Province, allowing the 
lending banks to obtain an unjust profit and thus causing significant damages to the public authority. In 
addition, the Public Prosecutor claims that the lending banks and the Fund entered into a loan under 
different, more burdensome conditions than those provided for in the call for tenders held by the public 
entity for the transaction.  
Intesa Sanpaolo (as the company that absorbed Banca IMI) is investigated in the criminal proceeding 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01 together with the other two lending banks and the real-estate fund 
management company.  
By measures dated 23 May 2022 and 14 June 2022, the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Rome ordered the 
closure of the positions of both the former manager of Banca IMI and of ISP to request their dismissal. By 
order dated 27 June 2022, which became final in December, the Public Prosecutor’s Office ordered the 
dismissal of the proceedings against the Bank. It is also expected that the request for dismissal be formalised 
also against the former manager of Banca IMI.

--- Page 259 ---
258 
 
 
Disputes regarding tax-collection companies  
In the context of the government’s decision to re-assume responsibility for tax collection, Intesa Sanpaolo 
sold to Equitalia S.p.A., now the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division, full ownership of Gest 
Line and ETR/ESATRI, companies that managed tax-collection activities, undertaking to indemnify the 
buyer against any expenses associated with the collection activity carried out up to the time of purchase of 
the equity investments.  
In particular, such expenses refer to liabilities for disputes with tax authorities, taxpayers and employees 
and out-of-period expenses and capital losses with respect to the financial situation at the time of the sale.  
Overall, the claims made amount to approximately 74.9 million Euro. A technical roundtable has been 
formed with the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division in order to assess the parties’ claims. 
Energy S.r.l.  
Energy S.r.l., to which the bankruptcy receiver of C.I.S.I. S.r.l. transferred all its rights towards third parties, 
brought a claim before the Court of Rome against Intesa Sanpaolo seeking to quash the revocation of the 
subsidised loan of approximately 22 million Euro granted to C.I.S.I. S.r.l. in 1997 pursuant to Law 488/92 
and a judgment ordering the Ministry of Economic Development, Intesa Sanpaolo (as the concessionaire 
for the procedural application process) and Vittoria Assicurazioni (guarantor of the payment of the second 
tranche of the loan), jointly and severally between them, to provide compensation for damages allegedly 
incurred, quantified at a total of approximately 53 million Euro. The company justified its claim by citing 
a favourable judgment rendered in criminal proceedings originating from a complaint filed against C.I.S.I. 
and its director alleging grave irregularities and breach in the execution of the business plan to which the 
loan referred – proceedings that had led to the revocation of the subsidised loan.  
Intesa Sanpaolo entered its appearance, denying that there was any basis for the adverse parties’ claims, 
arguing that all claims for compensation against the Bank had become time barred, the claims were 
groundless on the merits and the damages had been represented inappropriately.  
The trial process was begun and the usual briefings were exchanged without the preliminary investigation 
being carried out. On 10 December 2022, the Court filed its ruling rejecting Energy’s claims. On 10 January 
2023 Energy served its appeal.  
Engineering Service S.r.l.  
In 2015, Engineering Service S.r.l. brought a civil suit against the Ministry of Economic Development, 
BPER and UBI regarding the granting of public subsidies to businesses. The claimant accuses our Bank 
(and BPER) of delays in managing the approval procedure and disbursements – delays that allegedly 
resulted in a liquidity crisis for the company and the consequent loss of the public contribution.  
A claim for damages for approximately 28 million Euro was brought against our Bank.  
The Bank’s defence counsel argued that the approval times depended on BPER, to which it thus submitted 
a claim for indemnity.  
Following the revocation of the order to carry out a court-appointed expert’s report, the Court of Rome, 
with ruling dated 9 November 2021, which became final, due to lack of appeal, fully rejected the claimant’s 
application, ordering it to pay the legal fees of all the parties summoned.  
G.I.& E. Bankruptcy

--- Page 260 ---
259 
 
 
In November 2021, the G.I.& E. S.p.A. Bankruptcy Receiver initiated action for compensation of damages 
against Intesa Sanpaolo (as the absorbing company of Banca dell’Adriatico) and UBI (as the absorbing 
company of Banca Marche and Popolare di Ancona), as well as against other banks, claiming that they 
were liable for having contributed, along with the conduct of the directors and control bodies, to artificially 
keeping the company afloat and worsening its default. The alleged damages claimed were quantified by the 
counterparty at around 22.5 million Euro. Lifting the reservation assumed at the hearing of 16 December 
2022, the Court ordered the court-appointed expert’s report requested by the Bankruptcy Receiver to be 
carried out. 
Isoldi Holding Bankruptcy  
The receiver to Isoldi sued UBI (which absorbed Nuova Banca Etruria and Centrobanca), Intesa Sanpaolo 
and five other banks in June 2020, before the Court of Bologna, claiming that they were liable, jointly and 
severally with the management body of Isoldi Holding, for a series of acts of diversion of assets that are 
claimed to have contributed to the company’s artificial survival in the period June 2011 – June 2013, due 
to conduct claimed to have been implemented by preparing a turnaround plan pursuant to Article 67, para. 
3, letter d), of the Bankruptcy Law based on unlawful acts and a connected agreement governing the 
disbursement of new finance, acts that are argued to have artificially deferred the company’s crisis and 
concealed the irreversibility of its default.  
The Isoldi Bankruptcy Receiver also formulated a joint claim against Intesa Sanpaolo (prior to the 
incorporation of UBI) and MPS, claiming their liability, jointly with the Sole Director of Isoldi Holding, 
for allegedly unlawful conduct connected with the bail-in of Aedes, in which Isoldi Holding was interested 
in taking over the majority shareholding.  
Intesa Sanpaolo and the former UBI Banca filed regular appearances and the assigned Court, with order 
dated 1 July 2021, declared that it lacked jurisdiction. The adverse party resumed the proceedings, 
submitting the same claims before the Court of Turin. The Bank filed an appearance for the hearing 
scheduled for 3 March 2022. At the hearing of 16 February 2023, the judge reserved the decision on the 
preliminary objections. The total damages claimed by the adverse party do not seem to be accurately 
quantifiable as things stand, also taking account of the various conduct of the various banks challenged. 
Società Italiana per le Condotte d’Acqua S.p.A. under Extraordinary Administration 
By writ of summons of 23 December 2022, Società Italiana per le Condotte d’Acqua S.p.A. (admitted to 
the “Marzano” proceedings by way of Italian Ministerial Decree of 6 August 2018) asked the Court of 
Rome to order compensation for damages in the amount of 389.3 million euro (or a different amount that 
will arise during the proceedings), in addition to monetary revaluation, legal interest and expenses. 
The claim has been filed, jointly, against Intesa Sanpaolo (also as the absorbing company of Medio Credito 
Italiano, Banca IMI and UBI Banca, as well as “the purchaser of” Veneto Banca and Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza), the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of Condotte and numerous 
other banks and factoring companies. The claim is based on the alleged conduct engaged in for various 
reasons by the defendants, considered a source of harm to the company’s assets and its creditors. 
Specifically, the banks and factoring companies are allegedly liable for having unlawfully granted to and/or 
maintained credit for Condotte, thereby contributing to the continuation of its business at a loss and the 
worsening of its default. 
The first hearing has been scheduled for September 2023. As things stand, it is not possible to estimate the 
risk attributable to Intesa Sanpaolo, also taking account of the different conduct claimed against the 
numerous defendants. The Extraordinary Administration has also promoted against Intesa Sanpaolo three

--- Page 261 ---
260 
 
 
bankruptcy revocatory actions before the Court of Rome, with a request to reimburse amounts of around 
16 million euro. 
Fondazione Cassa Risp. di Pesaro  
In 2018, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca (as 
the alleged successor-in-interest to the issuer Banca Marche S.p.A. 17) and PwC (the auditing firm that 
certified all the financial statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the defendants 
published data and information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca delle Marche 
S.p.A. that later proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial 
statements as at 31 December 2010 and 30 June 2011 and included in the Prospectus, is claimed to have 
led the Foundation to subscribe for the bank’s shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 2012. 
In later years, these shares went on to decline in value considerably, resulting in a loss quantified at 
approximately 52 million Euro.  
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by UBI, 
by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for Banca 
delle Marche. The Court rejected all preliminary applications filed and adjourned the case to 13 July 2021 
for the entry of conclusions. After the entry of conclusions, the parties have filed their closing briefs and 
the ruling is pending. 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi  
In January 2016, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca 
(as the alleged successor-in-interest to the issuer Banca Marche S.p.A.)18 and PwC (independent auditors 
that certified all the financial statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the 
defendants published data and information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca delle 
Marche S.p.A. that later proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the 
financial statements as at 31 December 2010 and 30 June 2011 and included in the Prospectus, is claimed 
to have led the Foundation to subscribe for the bank’s shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 
2012. The value of these shares then fell to zero, resulting in a loss quantified at approximately 25 million 
Euro.  
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by UBI, 
by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for Banca 
delle Marche.  
By judgment rendered on 18 March 2020, the Court of Ancona granted the objection of lack of capacity to 
be sued raised by the Bank, rejecting the claims lodged. In the appeal proceedings initiated by the 
Foundation before the Ancona Court of Appeal, the hearing for the filing of the final briefs was postponed 
to 9 May 2023. 
Alitalia Group: claw-back actions  
In August 2011, companies of the Alitalia Group under Extraordinary Administration – namely Alitalia 
Linee Aeree, Alitalia Servizi, Alitalia Airport and Alitalia Express – brought five bankruptcy claw-back 
proceedings against the Bank before the Court of Rome (of which one against the former Cassa di 
Risparmio di Firenze), requesting the repayment of a total of 44.6 million euro.  
When the proceedings were initiated, a line of defence was adopted based mainly on the grounds that the 
 
17 See the previous note 
18 See the previous note

--- Page 262 ---
261 
 
 
actions were invalid due to the vagueness of the claims, that the condition of knowledge of the Alitalia 
Group’s state of insolvency (subject first of the Air France plan and then of the subsequent rescue conducted 
by the Italian Government) did not apply, and that the credited items were not eligible for claw back, due 
to the specific nature of the account movements.  
As the initial attempts to reach a settlement agreement had failed, in March 2016, the Court of Rome upheld 
Alitalia Servizi’s petition and ordered the Bank to repay around 17 million euro, plus accessory costs. In 
addition to being contestable on the merits, the ruling was issued before the deadline for filing of the final 
arguments. Accordingly, in the appeal subsequently lodged, a preliminary objection was made regarding 
the invalidity of the judgment, together with an application for suspension of its provisional enforceability, 
which was upheld by order of 15 July 2016 of the Court of Appeal. Conversely, the Alitalia Linee Aeree 
and Alitalia Express lawsuits were won at first instance. The bankruptcy receivers filed an appeal, which, 
for Alitalia Express, was concluded in our favour, with the receivers subsequently submitting an appeal to 
the Court of Cassation.  
For Alitalia Airport, which was also won at first instance, the favourable judgment has become final. The 
lawsuit brought against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze was also won in the first two instances, 
with the adverse party filing an appeal to the Court of Cassation. The entire dispute, following long 
negotiations which were restarted in the meantime, was settled in November 2022, awarding the amount of 
12.8 million euro to the adverse party.  
Elifani Group 
Lawsuit brought in 2009 by Edilizia Immobiliare San Giorgio 89 S.r.l. (now incorporated into Eselfin, 
which filed an appearance as its replacement), San Paolo Edilizia S.r.l., Hotel Cristallo S.r.l. and the 
guarantor-shareholder Mario Elifani seeking compensation for damages suffered due to alleged unlawful 
conduct by the Bank for having requested guarantees disproportionate to the credit granted, enforced pledge 
guarantees, applied usurious interest to mortgage loans and submitted erroneous reports to the Central 
Credit Register.  
The initially claimed amount was approximately 116 million Euro and the dispute refers to the same 
circumstances mostly already cited in the disputes regarding anatocism and interest in excess of the legal 
amount brought by the aforementioned companies in 2004 and settled in early 2014. The lawsuit had a 
favourable outcome for the Bank in both the first and second instances.  
By order of 27 December 2019, the Court of Cassation partially granted the adverse parties’ petition, with 
referral of the matter. The adverse parties resumed the lawsuit before the Milan Court of Appeal, 
quantifying the claim at approximately 72 million Euro, in addition to interest and inflation, and thus at a 
total of approximately 100 million Euro.  
With a ruling of June 2022, the Court of Appeal of Milan, reviewing the case, rejected the claims made by 
the claimants, ordering them to pay the legal fees. This ruling was also appealed before the Court of 
Cassation by the adverse parties, with appeal served on 30 November 2022. 
Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A. in liquidation and bankruptcy  
In January 2018, the receiver to Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A. sued its former directors and 
statutory auditors, its independent auditors and UBI Banca (as the company that absorbed Centrobanca), 
seeking a judgment ordering compensation for alleged damages suffered due to the many acts of 
mismanagement of the company while in good standing. According to the claimant’s arguments, 
Centrobanca, which was merged into UBI, provided financial support to the parent company of the bankrupt 
company (Mariella Burani Holding S.p.A.) in 2008, in an operation on its subsidiary, despite the signs of 
insolvency that the latter began to show in September 2007, causing damages quantified at approximately 
92 million Euro.

--- Page 263 ---
262 
 
 
On a preliminary level, the Bank argued that the receiver lacked capacity to sue since the disputed loan had 
been disbursed to the parent company of Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A.; moreover, the alleged 
damages for which the receiver claims compensation were argued to have been in fact sustained by the 
company’s creditors (and not by the procedure).  
With regard to the merit of the claims, the Bank stressed that it had acted properly and the borrower in good 
standing was solely liable since it bore exclusive responsibility for preparing the untrue financial 
statements, circulating the misinformation and continuing to operate the company in an alleged state of 
insolvency.  
The proceedings are currently in the preliminary phase.  
SIM Bankruptcy  
By writ of summons served in October 2022, the receiver to SIM S.p.A. summoned Intesa Sanpaolo (along 
with another 7 banks) before the Court of Catania, with the first hearing scheduled for 31 March 2023. This 
is a compensation claim brought for damages allegedly suffered by the company and its creditors due to 
conduct by the banks defined by the adverse party as “unlawful”, which allegedly resulted in the unlawful 
granting of credit. The claim for damages has been quantified at around 47 million euro, requesting that the 
defendant banks be jointly ruled against.  
Offering of diamonds  
In October 2015, the Bank signed a partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) 
governing how diamond offerings were made by DPI to the customers of Intesa Sanpaolo. The aim of this 
initiative was to provide customers with a diversification solution with the characteristics of a “safe haven 
asset” in which to allocate a marginal part of their assets over the long-term. Diamonds had already been 
sold for several years by other leading national banking networks. 
This recommendation activity was carried out primarily in 2016, with a significant decline starting from 
the end of that year.  
A total of around 8,000 customers purchased diamonds, for a total of around 130 million Euro.  
The marketing process was based on criteria of transparency, with safeguards progressively enhanced over 
time, including quality controls on the diamonds and the fairness of the prices applied by DPI.  
In February 2017, the AGCM (the Italian Competition Authority) brought proceedings against companies 
that marketed diamonds, (DPI and other companies), for alleged conduct in breach of the provisions on 
unfair business practices. In April, those proceedings were extended to the banks that carried out the 
recommendation of the services of those companies.  
At the end of those proceedings, on 30 October 2017, the AGCM notified the penalties imposed for the 
alleged breach of the Consumer Code through the conduct of DPI and of the banks which the proceedings 
had been extended to, consisting - in short - of having provided partial, deceptive and misleading 
information on the characteristics of the diamond purchases, the methods used to calculate the price - 
presented as being the market price - and the performance of the market. The Authority issued a fine of 3 
million Euro against Intesa Sanpaolo, reduced from the initial fine of 3.5 million Euro, after the Authority 
had recognised the value of the measures taken by Intesa Sanpaolo from 2016 to strengthen the safeguards 
on the offering process aimed, in particular, at ensuring proper information was provided to customers.

--- Page 264 ---
263 
 
 
Following the order by the AGCM, the Bank paid the amount of the fine and filed an appeal with the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court against the order. There were no developments regarding this appeal during 
2021.  
From November 2017, the Bank:  
− 
terminated the partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) and ceased the 
activity, which had already been suspended in October 2017; 
− 
started a process that provides for the payment to customers of the original cost incurred for the 
purchase of the diamonds and the withdrawal of the stones, in order to satisfy the customers’ resale 
needs which, due to the illiquidity that had arisen in the market, are not met by DPI; and 
− 
sent a communication in January 2018 to the diamond-holding customers reiterating the nature of 
the stones as durable goods, and confirming the Bank’s willingness to intervene directly in relation 
to any realisation needs expressed by the customers and not met by DPI.  
In 2022, 34 requests were received for around 0.5 million euro. At the end of the year, a total of 6,854 
repurchase requests had been received from customers and met by the Bank, for a total value of 116.3 
million euro. The valuation of the repurchased diamonds is carried out using the values provided by the 
IDEX Diamond Retail Benchmark, one of the main online trading platforms used in the main markets by 
over 7,000 traders. 
In February 2019, an order for preventive criminal seizure of 11.1 million euro was served, corresponding 
to the fee and commission income paid by DPI to the Bank. The preliminary investigations initiated by the 
Public Prosecutor’s Office of Milan also concern four other banks (more involved) and two companies that 
sell diamonds. 
In October 2019, the notice of conclusion of the investigation was served, which stated that two of the 
Bank’s operators were currently under investigation for alleged aggravated fraud (in collusion with other 
parties to be identified) and other persons are being identified for allegations of self-laundering, while ISP 
is being charged with the administrative offence pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 in relation 
to this latter predicate offence. 
In reaction to the latter claims, in July 2021, the hearing was held, in which the Preliminary Investigation 
Judge accepted the plea bargain request – which Intesa Sanpaolo had submitted solely to bring to an end 
the lengthy legal proceedings and which had been supported by the Public Prosecutor’s Office – issuing a 
ruling which ordered only a financial penalty of 100,000 euro, and the confiscation of only the sums 
constituting the profit from the offence of self-laundering, calculated at 61,000 euro. 
Following the partial transfer of the proceedings to the Court of Rome, for reasons of territorial jurisdiction, 
in August 2022 the revocation of the preventive seizure ordered in February 2019 regarding the profit from 
the alleged crime of fraud was served, with full restitution to the Bank of the amount of 11.1 million euro. 
Now that the Bank’s position has been settled, the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Milan is expected to request 
the dismissal against the two operators investigated. 
Private banker (Sanpaolo Invest)  
An inspection conducted by the Audit function identified serious irregularities by a private banker of 
Sanpaolo Invest. The checks carried out revealed serious irregularities affecting several customers, 
including misappropriation of funds and reports with false incremental amounts.

--- Page 265 ---
264 
 
 
On 28 June 2019, the company terminated the agency contract with the private banker due to just cause and 
communicated the findings to the Judicial Authority and the Supervisory Body for financial advisors, which 
first suspended and then removed the private banker from the Register of Financial Advisors in December 
2019.  
Following the unlawful actions, the company received a total of 278 compensation claims (including 
complaints, mediation proceedings and lawsuits), for a total amount of approximately 62.9 million Euro, 
mostly based on alleged embezzlement, losses due to disavowed transactions in financial instruments, false 
account statements and the debiting of fees relating to advisory service. 
There are currently 55 pending claims, with a present value of approximately 25.5 million euro, following 
the resolution of 223 positions.  
The total amount of 6.4 million euro was recovered from the improperly credited customers (and already 
returned to the customers harmed) and there are pending attachments of 42 million euro. A precautionary 
attachment was ordered against the private banker for an amount equal to the balance found in the accounts 
and deposits held with credit institutions and the social-security position with Enasarco. In the ensuing case 
on the merits, the former private banker filed a counterclaim in the total amount of 0.6 million euro by way 
of non-payment of indemnity for termination of the relationship. 
Another lawsuit was also brought against former private banker to recover the claims arising from 
withdrawal from the agency contract, in the total amount of 1.6 million euro, in addition to interest by way 
of indemnity in lieu of notice, penalty relating to a loan agreement and reimbursement of advances of 
bonuses. Adequate provisions have been set aside for the risks associated with the unlawful conduct 
discussed above, mainly for the damages verified relating to compensation claims and pending lawsuits. 
The above provisions do not consider the coverage envisaged by the specific insurance policy in force, 
under which the insurance company has already paid an initial advance of 744 thousand euro. 
Reyl & Cie (Switzerland) – Proceedings pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 of the Public 
Prosecutor’s Office of the Court of Milan 
The Public Prosecutor’s Office of Milan initiated criminal proceedings pursuant to Legislative Decree 
231/2001 against Reyl & Cie (a Swiss subsidiary of Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking) for the 
predicate offence of money laundering, allegedly committed by one of its former employees (dismissed in 
2020), and ordered the seizure of securities owned by Reyl for around 1.1 million Euro. The proceedings 
also involve the Swiss bank Cramer & Cie. Neither Fideuram ISPB nor ISP are currently involved in the 
proceedings. The circumstances alleged relate to events that took place in 2018, before Reyl & Cie joined 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group in May 2021. According to the prosecution, the former employee, together with 
his brother, an employee of the bank Cramer & Cie, and an external advisor, allegedly engaged in practices 
aimed at facilitating tax evasion by Italian customers through the transfer of accounts from Switzerland to 
branches located in the Bahamas, in order to allow those customers to withdraw money from those accounts 
without the possibility of being traced by the Italian authorities. The possibility is being evaluated of filing 
a petition with both the Swiss and Italian authorities to revoke and/or reduce the amount of the seizure. 
Indeed, an examination of the documents of the proceedings has revealed elements indicating that it may 
be considered reasonable that such a petition would be upheld. A request for disqualification from operating 
in Italy has not been made against Reyl & Cie, although investigations are still pending and it is not yet 
possible to access the related documents. 
Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. (Extraordinary Administration): claw-back actions

--- Page 266 ---
265 
 
 
In July 2013, Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. filed two bankruptcy claw-back actions before the Court of 
Rome against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Venezia for 2.7 million euro and against the former Banco 
di Napoli for 33.8 million euro. 
The lawsuit against the former CR Venezia is now pending on appeal, filed by the Bank, following the 
order for payment of 2.8 million euro in 2016.  
The lawsuit against the former Banco di Napoli is also pending on appeal against the order for payment of 
approximately 14.5 million euro, plus accessory costs, issued by the Court in 2021. That order was not 
suspended, and, in October 2022, the Bank paid 15.2 million euro, reserving the right to be refunded in case 
of favourable outcome of the appeal. 
Against the appeal filed by the Bank, the adverse party filed an appearance, initiating a cross-appeal relating 
to the claim for return of the amount of 28 million euro deriving from a currency adjustment, a claim already 
rejected in the first instance and which is expected to also be rejected on appeal. 
Selarl Bruno Raulet (formerly Dargent Tirmant Raulet) dispute  
The claim was filed before a French Court in 2001 by the trustee in bankruptcy for the bankruptcy of the 
real estate entrepreneur Philippe Vincent, which made a request to the Bank for compensation of 56.6 
million euro for the alleged “improper financial support” provided to the entrepreneur. The claim of the 
trustee in bankruptcy has consistently been rejected by the courts of different instance which dealt with the 
case over 17 years, until the Court of Colmar, in May 2018, ordered the Bank to pay compensation of 
around 23 million euro. The Colmar judgment was appealed before French Supreme Court of Cassation, 
which in January 2020 overturned and quashed the decision of the Court of Appeal of Colmar and referred 
the matter to the Court of Appeal of Metz.  
Consequently, in the first quarter of 2020, the Bank obtained the refund of the around 23 million euro paid 
according to the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Colmar in 2018. At the end of July 2020, the bankruptcy 
receiver referred the dispute to the Court of Appeal of Metz, requesting payment of 55.6 million euro (equal 
to the entire amount of insolvency liabilities, minus the amount obtained from the sale of the property whose 
purchase was financed by the Bank). In turn, the Bank filed an appearance and challenged the opposing 
party’s claims. In a ruling delivered on 27 July 2021, the Metz Court of Appeal partially upheld the 
receivership’s claim and ordered the Bank to pay around 20 million euro, plus legal costs of the various 
instances of the proceedings (for a total of 20.6 million euro).  
The Court quantified the damage suffered by the insolvency estate as being equal to the loan granted by the 
Bank, less the proceeds from the sale of the asset given as security. In December 2021, the Bank filed an 
appeal before the French Court of Cassation. In parallel, the receivership autonomously challenged the 
decision of the Court of Appeal, insisting that the Bank be ordered to pay all the insolvency liabilities. In 
November 2021, payment was made to the receivership of the amount ordered. The amounts were 
temporarily deposited with CARPA (the French Bar Association’s Cash Fund) and would have been 
unavailable until the Court of Cassation issues its ruling. A hearing was held on 4 October 2022. At the end 
of November 2022, the Court of Cassation rejected the appeals filed by the Bank and by the receivership. 
The ruling by the Court of Appeal of Metz thus became final. The amounts already paid by the Bank 
following that decision were therefore made available to the receivership. 
Lawsuit against two Hungarian subsidiaries of Intesa Sanpaolo  
The lawsuit is connected with a lease agreement terminated by one of the subsidiaries in 2010. During 
2011, the tenant initiated proceedings in civil court, and during 2021, it supplemented its initial claim, 
formulating new claims and, as a result, increasing the total of the claims to around 31 million euro.

--- Page 267 ---
266 
 
 
In July 2022, the Court rejected all the plaintiff company’s claims, finding that it lacked standing. The 
plaintiff filed an appeal against that decision.. In December 2022, the Court of Appeal partially upheld the 
adverse party’s appeal, ordering one of the two defendant companies to pay around 9.5 million euro. The 
relevant subsidiary filed an appeal before the Supreme Court, which suspended the enforcement of the 
challenged ruling. Intesa Sanpaolo’s subsidiaries took action in 2012 for the recognition of their receivables 
claimed against the tenant resulting from unpaid lease rentals. These proceedings are currently pending.  
Labour litigation 
In line with the situation as at 31 December 2021, as at 31 December 2022 there were no significant cases 
of labour litigation from either a qualitative or quantitative standpoint. In general, all labour litigation is 
covered by specific provisions adequate to meet any outlays. 
Contingent assets 
As for contingent assets, and the IMI/SIR dispute in particular, it should be recalled that following the final 
judgement establishing the criminal liability of the corrupt judge Metta (and his accomplices Rovelli, 
Acampora, Pacifico, and Previti), the defendants were ordered to pay compensation for damages, with the 
determination of those damages referred to the civil courts. Intesa Sanpaolo then brought a case before the 
Court of Rome to obtain an order of compensation for damages from those responsible.  
In its ruling of May 2015, the Court of Rome quantified the financial and non-financial damages for Intesa 
Sanpaolo and ordered Acampora and Metta – the latter also jointly liable with the Prime Minister’s Office 
(pursuant to Law no. 117/1988 on the accountability of the judiciary) – to pay Intesa Sanpaolo 173 million 
Euro net of tax, plus legal interest accruing from 1 February 2015 to the date of final payment, plus legal 
expenses. The amount ordered took account of the amounts received in the meantime by the Bank as part 
of the settlements with the Rovelli family and with the counterparties Previti and Pacifico. In July 2016, 
the Rome Court of Appeal stayed the enforcement of the judgment of first instance with respect to the 
amount in excess of 130 million Euro, in addition to ancillary charges and expenses, and adjourned the 
hearing of the final pleadings to June 2018. As a result of this decision, in December 2016 the Office of the 
President of the Council of Ministers credited Intesa Sanpaolo with the sum of 131,173,551.58 Euro 
(corresponding to the 130 million Euro of the order, in addition to legal interest and reimbursement of 
expenses). To avoid dispute, only the exact amount of the order, without applying the gross-up, was 
demanded and collected. On 16 April 2020, the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Rome was filed, which 
essentially upheld the Court's ruling, while reducing the amount of non-financial damages to 8 million Euro 
(compared to 77 million Euro that had been quantified by the court of first instance), and set the amount to 
be paid at 108 million Euro, to be considered net of tax, plus legal interest and expenses.  
In the second quarter of 2020 the Bank filed a petition for the correction of a material error contained in the 
finding regarding the calculation of the damages liquidated; the Court of Appeal rejected the Bank’s petition 
by ruling filed on 7 December 2020.  
In May 2021, the Bank filed an appeal with the Court of Cassation against the Rome Court of Appeal’s 
ruling of 16 April 2020.  
The appeal sets out two main grounds:  
(a) the reduction to 8 million Euro of the non-financial damages made by the Court of Appeal, compared 
to the 77 million Euro recognised in the first instance ruling is arbitrary and devoid of any sound legal 
or logical reasoning; and 
(b) even accepting the reduction under point a), the Court made a miscalculation when redetermining the

--- Page 268 ---
267 
 
 
amount of total damages. That aspect was already the subject of an application for material correction 
filed in 2020, rejected by the Court as the Court deemed it an issue that could be remedied through 
appeal. 
On 10 January 2023, a hearing was held before the Court of Cassation. After hearing the conclusions from 
the parties and the report of the General Prosecutor, the Court deferred judgment. 
Tax litigation 
At Group level, the total value of the claims for tax disputes (taxes, penalties and interest) was equal to 219 
million euro as at 31 December 2022, which represents a slight increase compared to 215 million euro as 
at 31 December 2021.  
The Group's tax litigation risks are covered by adequate provisions to the allowances for risks and charges 
(70 million euro in 2022 compared to 76 million in 2021). The Parent Company had 473 pending litigation 
proceedings (628 as at 31 December 2021) for a total amount claimed (taxes, penalties and interest) of 126 
million euro (135 million euro as at 31 December 2021), considering both administrative and judicial 
proceedings at various instances.  
In relation to these proceedings, the actual risks were quantified at 57 million euro as at 31 December 2022 
(57 million euro also as at 31 December 2021).  
Compared to 31 December 2021, for the Parent Company, the main events that gave rise to significant 
movements of amount of claims consisted of:  
– an increase (around 13.5 million euro), due to: i) new claims of 1.4 million euro relating to municipal 
property tax (IMU) on properties not repossessed through terminated lease agreements (1 million euro) and 
income-generating lease agreements (0.4 million euro), net of the positions arising and settled during the 
year (for a detailed analysis of the disputes in question, refer to the Consolidated financial statements as at 
31 December 2021); ii) the assessment on registration tax on transfer of business unit (1.8 million euro); 
iii) notice of registration tax on the ruling establishing a bankruptcy credit (0.6 million euro); iv) notice of 
assessment regarding VAT on boat lease transactions for the tax year 2016 (for 1.5 million euro); v) 
adjustment of the value of the former Sudameris dispute of 6.3 million euro, due to the appreciation of the 
Brazilian currency against the euro; vi) notices of registration tax for various reasons (0.6 million euro); 
and vii) interest accrued on the outstanding disputes of around 1 million euro;  
– a decrease (around 22.8 million euro), due to: i) the closure of disputes concerning registration tax for 
11.8 million euro, mainly relating to the demerger of business unit (including: the Manzoni/Melville case 
for 8.3 million euro, the case for reclassification of the transfer of the Banca di Trento e Bolzano/Intesa 
Sanpaolo business line for 1.2 million euro and the case for the value adjustment of the transfer of the 
Credito Piemontese/Intesa Sanpaolo business line for 1.6 million euro); ii) the closure of disputes 
concerning municipal property tax (IMU) on properties from leases, both following settlement and 
cancellation by the municipalities for 4.4 million euro; and iii) 6.6 million euro for various disputes, 
including the partial cancellation due to internal review of the VAT claim on boat lease transactions of 1.6 
million euro relating to the tax year 2014, as well as the settlement of claims regarding IRES and IRAP 
taxes for 2 million euro.  
The main changes in the provisions booked by the Parent Company (which remained substantially 
unchanged) as at 31 December 2021 are related to:  
– an increase (around 7 million euro), due to: i) the adjustment of 1.2 million euro for the former Sudameris 
dispute relating to the principal and penalty components (assessed as higher risk), due to the appreciation 
of the Brazilian currency against the euro; ii) claims regarding municipal property tax (IMU) (1 million 
euro), still pending at the end of the year; iii) the greater provisions on the 2016 VAT claim for boat lease 
transactions of 1.5 million euro; iv) the penalty and related surcharges (2 million euro) included in a

--- Page 269 ---
268 
 
 
payment notice totalling 10 million euro due to an unfavourable ruling by the Court of Cassation in 
connection with the dispute on the registration tax for the demerger of a business unit from ISP to State 
Street Bank (the proceedings on the payment notice for registration tax related to this transaction are still 
pending); and v) greater provisions of 1.3 million euro on sundry cases, both new and existing (of which 
0.8 million euro for disputes regarding registration tax);  
– a decrease (around 6.8 million euro), due to: i) the favourable closure of the dispute regarding registration 
tax referring to the business contribution and subsequent sale of the investment by Banca di Trento e 
Bolzano to ISP (1.1 million euro); ii) the release relating to the closure of the tax audit report for 2016 of 
1.3 million euro, due to the notification of the related notice of assessment on VAT on boat lease 
transactions. The increases and decreases on this position derive from the exact recognition of the liability 
initially estimated based on the results of the audit on 2014 and 2015; iii) the municipal property tax (IMU) 
claims for 3.3 million euro, due to the settlement of the IMU disputes on properties not repossessed through 
terminated lease agreements, arising in previous years; and iv) 1 million euro for sundry disputes, mainly 
regarding IRES and IRAP taxes.  
During the year, the litigation settled (known as findings closed) totalled 340 proceedings, for a total amount 
claimed of 24.7 million euro, including the findings arising and settled during the year, with an outlay of 
3.6 million euro, mainly referring to claims for municipal property tax (IMU) (2.5 million euro).  
With regard to the Italian subsidiaries, tax disputes totalled 85 million euro as at 31 December 2022 (71 
million euro as at 31 December 2021), covered by specific provisions amounting to 9 million euro (11 
million euro in the 2021 financial statements). Compared to 31 December 2021, the main events that gave 
rise to significant movements of the total amount of claims (+14 million euro) were as follows:  
– +16 million euro in new disputes, mainly referring to: Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking (10.4 million 
euro); Cargeas Assicurazioni (4.6 million euro); Provis and other minor disputes (1 million euro);  
– -2 million euro in closed disputes referring to Fideuram Vita, Intesa Sanpaolo Vita, Fideuram ISPPB, 
Siref and UBI Leasing.  
The decrease in provisions compared to 31 December 2021, equal to 2 million euro, mainly refers to:  
– +1.2 million euro in provisions on new disputes arising;  
– -1.5 million euro due to the merger of UBI Leasing;  
– -1 million euro with regard to cases closed that were previously covered by provisions.  
Tax disputes involving foreign subsidiaries amounted to 8 million euro (9 million euro at the end of 2021), 
covered by provisions of 4 million euro (8 million euro in 2021). The changes in the amount claimed and 
the allowance for risks are mainly due to the settlement of several disputes of Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania 
and Bank of Alexandria and, referring only to the amount claimed, the penalties imposed to UBI Trustee.

--- Page 270 ---
269 
 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
Changes in regulatory framework 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the 
Italian Securities and Exchange Commission ("CONSOB"), the European Central Bank (the "ECB") and 
the European System of Central Banks and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board 
("SRB"). Certain entities within the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are also subject to supervision by the Italian 
Institute for the Supervision of Insurance and the Issuer is also subject to rules applicable to it as an issuer 
of shares listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. The banking laws to which the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is 
subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group must 
comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of legislation 
and regulations may be introduced in Italy and the European Union that may affect the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
"Basel Committee"). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory 
framework being implemented at the European Union level, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has in place specific 
procedures and internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the 
prevention and detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in 
customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and 
policies, there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's results of operations, business and financial condition. In addition, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been recently approved and the relevant 
implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
The CRD IV Package 
The Basel III framework began to be implemented in the EU from 1 January 2014 through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD IV") 
and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR" and together with the CRD 
IV, the "CRD IV Package"), Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313. The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 ("CRR II") and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 ("CRD V"). 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of 
time (the requirements have been largely fully effective by 2019 and some minor transitional provisions 
provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the EU Banking Reform Package 
(as defined below) are provided in the paragraph "Revisions to the CRD IV Package" below. 
In Italy the CRD IV was implemented by Legislative Decree no. 72 of 12 May 2015 which impacted, inter 
alia, on: 
(i) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions' holdings, shareholders and members of the management 
body requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 CRD IV);

--- Page 271 ---
270 
 
 
(ii) 
competent authorities' powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 102 and 104 
CRD IV); 
(iii) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 
71 CRD IV); and 
(iv) 
administrative penalties and measures (Articles 64 and 65 CRD IV). 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular 
of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the "Circular No. 285")) which came into force on 1 
January 2014, and has been amended over time in order to implement, inter alia, the CRD IV Package and 
set out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised at EU level. Circular No. 285 
has been constantly updated after its first issue, the last update being the 42th update published on 30 March 
2023. The CRD IV Package has also been supplemented in Italy by technical standards and guidelines 
relating to the CRD IV and the CRR finalized by the European Supervisory Authorities (ESAs), mainly the 
EBA and ESMA, and delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following own funds 
requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6%; 
(iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8% and; (iv) a leverage ratio of 3%. According to Articles from 129 to 134 of 
CRD IV, these minimum ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 
capital, reported below: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of 
the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285; 
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer ("CCyB"): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 
2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other 
Member States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent 
authority considers that the conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction 
from 1 January 2016 and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities 
judge the credit growth excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, 
Chapter I, Section III of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the 
CCyB (relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for the second quarter of 2023; 
• 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which the globally systemically 
important institutions ("G-SIIs") are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a G-
SII buffer of 1% of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of 
the CRR and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of at least 0.5 % 
of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR. G-SIBs 
is determined according to specific indicators (size, interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the 
services provided, global cross border activity and complexity); are being phased in from 1 January 
2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular 
No. 285), became fully effective on 1 January 2019. Based on the most recently updated list of G-
SIIs published by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") on 23 November 2021, neither the Issuer 
(nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they do not need to 
comply with a G-SIB capital buffer requirement (or leverage ratio buffer); and 
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level ("O-SIIs"): (the 
category to which Intesa Sanpaolo currently belongs): up to 3.0% as set by the relevant competent 
authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent

--- Page 272 ---
271 
 
 
to the financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, Chapter 1, Section IV 
of Circular No. 285). Recently, the Bank of Italy identified Intesa Sanpaolo Group as an O-SII 
authorised to operate in Italy in 2022 and has imposed on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group a capital 
buffer for O-SII of 0.75%, to be achieved according to a transitional period, as follows: 0.75% 
from 1 January 2021 and at 0.75% from 1 January 2022. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV each Member State may 
introduce a systemic risk buffer in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or macro- 
prudential risks not covered by the CRD IV Package.  
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 was amended in order 
to provide, inter alia, the introduction of:  
(a) 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer (SyRB) for banks 
and banking groups authorised in Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a 
systemic risk buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent and mitigate macro-
prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered with the macro-prudential instruments 
provided for by the CRR, the anti-cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII 
and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic risk can be applied to all exposures or to a 
subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more subsets of banks with similar risk 
profiles; and 
(b) 
some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans 
(so-called “borrower-based measures”). Specifically, these are measures that are not 
harmonised at European level, which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from 
developments in the real estate market and from high or rising levels of household and 
non-financial corporate debt. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular 285 was amended in order to align its 
provisions with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD V Directive. In particular, the amendments introduced to 
Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular 285 provide, inter alia, the introduction of: 
(a) 
a clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary 
perspective and the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which 
supervisory authorities may require banks to hold; and 
(b) 
the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of 
excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage 
Ratio and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio). 
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above (the "Combined Buffer 
Requirement") may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum 
Distributable Amounts ("MDA") and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or take 
remedial action (Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV). 
A further rule introduced by the CRR II, applicable in respect of liabilities issued before 27 June 2019, 
allows for the “grandfathering” of instruments as, respectively, Additional Tier 1 instruments, Tier 2 
instruments and eligible liabilities, even if they do not fully comply with certain requirements of the CRR 
II. This treatment is available until 28 June 2025 at the latest. 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the "LCR"). This is a stress liquidity 
measure based on modelled 30-day outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10

--- Page 273 ---
272 
 
 
October 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions 
(the "LCR Delegated Act") was adopted in October 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union in January 2015. On 20 May 2022, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were published 
in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and has 
applied as of July 2022. Most of these amendments has been introduced to better allow the credit institutions 
issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity coverage requirement for a 30 
calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement, as laid 
down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council.The Net Stable Funding 
Ratio ("NSFR") is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer time horizon 
(1 year) by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on an 
on-going basis. The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and 
is applicable from June 2021. 
Revisions to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the "EU Banking Reform Package). The EU 
Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals were agreed by the European 
Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission and were published in the Official Journal 
of the EU on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions are applicable 
as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(i) 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement 
pending the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) 
published in January 2019 by the BCBS and then the application of own funds requirements as of 
1 January 2023; 
(iii) 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop 
to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
(iv) 
a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance 
their long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding 
(liabilities) in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the 
amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and 
regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The 
NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating that an 
institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period under 
both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at individual and a 
consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless competent authorities waive the application 
of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the date of entry into force of the EU 
Banking Reform Package; 
(v) 
Changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(vi) 
Improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects.

--- Page 274 ---
273 
 
 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the "EU Banking Reform Package" regarding the banking 
sector have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the 
amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments proposed better align the current regulatory 
framework to international developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among 
jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, 
excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V and 
BRRD II shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which 
will be applicable subsequently. On 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021, 
implementing the BRRD II, was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 
2021. 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") concluded 
the review process of the models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the 
calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and 
introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the 
basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis 
of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. 
The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new 
framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. Basel III and Basel IV (as 
defined below) should be fully implemented with the reform package proposed by the European 
Commission in October 2021. 
In August 2021, the European Commission required the EBA to update its assessment in the light of 
COVID-19, which was published in December 2020. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes 
also amendments to CRD IV, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II ("CRR III"). In particular, the 
CRR III legislative initiative aims at implementing in the EU the 2017 Basel Accord and further elements 
not included in such international framework contributing to financial stability and to the steady financing 
of the economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. This general objective can be broken 
down in four more specific objectives: 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital 
requirements overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools;  
(iv) 
to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to 
institutions prudential data; and 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for 
internal MREL (i.e. "daisy chain approach").

--- Page 275 ---
274 
 
 
Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process (European 
Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, these 
regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in the 
capital calculation and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the European Banking 
Authority ("EBA"), published in December 2019 upon request of the European Commission, shows that 
the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase minimum capital requirements 
(“MCR”) by 23.6 per cent., resulting in a capital deficit of €124 billion. On 21 August 2020, the EBA was 
requested by the European Commission to update further its Basel III impact study and published the new 
impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is presented under two implementation 
scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the previous Call for Advice (“CfA”) reports (the 
Basel III scenario); the second one (the "EU-specific scenario") considers the additional features requested 
by the European Commission in its CfA, i.e. applying the SME supporting factors on top of the Basel SME 
preferential risk weight treatment; maintaining EU credit valuation adjustment (“CVA”) exemptions; 
exercising the jurisdictional discretion contemplated in the Basel III framework to exclude the bank-specific 
historical loss component from the calculation of the capital for operational risk (internal loss multiplier 
(“ILM”=1). Under the Basel III scenario, the steady-state implementation of the overall reform scheduled 
for January 2028 could increase the minimum required capital (MRC) amount, which includes Pillar 2 
requirements and EU-specific buffers, by +18.5% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. Under the 
EU-specific scenario, steady-state implementation of the final Basel III framework (i.e. 2028) could 
increase the MRC amount by +13.1% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. 
The EBA has been conducting regular and ad-hoc quantitative impact studies to assess or monitor the 
impact of various rules on the EU banking sector. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III 
framework on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the BCBS 
(Basel III Monitoring Exercise). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory developments 
at BCBS level in the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking 
systems; (b) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the leverage ratio 
framework and disclosure requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) 
Tier 1 capital shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital 
amount that banks need to fulfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373 concerning information required for the monitoring of 
Basel supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021 (EBA Decision), the Basel III Monitoring 
Exercise, which is currently only being carried out on a small sample of credit institutions and on a 
voluntary basis, should be extended to a broader and stable set of credit institutions. In particular, in order 
to ensure consistency, accuracy and completeness of the data provided, G-SIIs and O-SIIs, as well as credit 
institutions whose Tier 1 capital equals or exceeds €3 billion, or total assets equal or exceeding €30 billion, 
should be included in the sample. 
Pursuant to EBA Decision, as of 31 December 2021, the Basel III Monitoring Exercise has become 
mandatory and is carried out on an annual basis only.

--- Page 276 ---
275 
 
 
On 30 September 2022, EBA published its first mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which assess the 
impact that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2028. According to this assessment, the 
full Basel III implementation would result in an average increase of 15.0% of the current Tier 1 minimum 
required capital. Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks would need EUR 1.2 billion of additional 
Tier 1 capital.  
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for 
market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (ITS) introduced uniform reporting templates, the 
template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT 
solutions for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a 
reporting requirement. Based on the ITS submitted by the EBA, the European Commission adopted the 
Implementing Regulation no. 2021/453/EU of 15 March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including: 
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB approach 
and the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used; 
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be calculated 
only by using a new standardised approach; 
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets 
("RWA") generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the 
standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 2022, 
with the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% as 
of 1 January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date 
for the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") has been postponed by the Basel Committee 
to January 2023 to allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the 
implementation date with the other Basel IV reforms. 
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV and the 
EU Banking Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which 
represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have the potential to impact the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's business and operations. These initiatives include, amongst others, a revised EU 
securitisation framework. On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") which entered into force in January 2019, while a number of 
underlying regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the EBA and ESMA are being 
adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes to the existing securitisation framework in

--- Page 277 ---
276 
 
 
relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due diligence requirements, the introduction of an 
adverse selection test for certain assets and a new framework for so-called "simple transparent and 
standardised securitisations" which will receive preferential capital treatment subject to a number of 
conditions. 
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") published its final Total Loss-Absorbing 
Capacity ("TLAC") Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs maintain significant minimum 
amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to liabilities excluded from 
TLAC, such as guaranteed insured deposits, derivatives, etc. and which forms a new standard for G-SIBs. 
The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of G-SIBs in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in the form of 
an internationally agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum TLAC 
requirement for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) and 18% of RWA (as 
of 1 January 2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement (as of 1 January 2019), 
and 6.75 % (as of 1 January 2022). Liabilities that are eligible for TLAC include capital instruments and 
instruments that are contractually, statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain "excluded liabilities" 
(including insured deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down or converted into equity 
by relevant authorities) in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of compensation claims or 
successful legal challenges. 
With a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking Reform 
Package and the BRRD II introduce minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL"), which apply to EU credit institutions, including G-SIIs (global systematically important 
institutions). Consistent with the TLAC standard, MREL requirements allow resolution authorities, on the 
basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs comply with a supplementary MREL requirement 
strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of a given G-SII. Based on the most recently updated list of G- 
SIIs published by the FSB on 23 November 2021, neither the relevant Issuer nor any member of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group has been identified as a G-SIB in the 2019 list of global systematically important banks 
published by the FSB on 11 November 2020. 
The BRRD II includes important changes as it introduces a new category of banks, the so-called top-tier 
banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose 
total assets exceed €100 billion. ISP is a top-tier bank for this purpose. At the same time, the BRRD II 
introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a "Pillar 1 MREL 
requirement") which applies to G-SIIs and top-tier banks. In addition, resolution authorities will be able, 
on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top- tier banks comply with a 
supplementary MREL requirement (a "Pillar 2 MREL requirement"). A subordination requirement is 
also generally required for MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD II, but exceptions apply. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the 
BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL 
requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, 
BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders 
of regulatory capital instruments senior management of the bank and employees take effect due to a breach 
of the combined capital buffer requirement. Delegated regulation 2021/763 (EU), applicable since 28 June 
2021, lays down implementing technical standards for the application of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council and Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council with regards to the supervisory reporting and public disclosure of the minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities.

--- Page 278 ---
277 
 
 
On 12 March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (on 12 March 
2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the "CB Directive 
Proposal") laying down the conditions that these bonds have to respect in order to be recognised under EU 
law and a proposal for amendments to art. 129 of the CRR, concerning the prudential treatment of covered 
bonds. The CB Directive Proposal together with amendments to art 129 of the CRR have been approved 
and published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019. Member States have an 18 month period to 
implement the directive. The CB Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of 
Legislative Decree 5 November 2021, No. 190 which modified Law 30 April 1999, No.130 and entered 
into force on 1 December 2021. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the "SSM Regulation") for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single 
Supervisory Mechanism" or "SSM"). The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, in conjunction with the 
national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, with direct supervisory 
responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. "Banks of significant 
importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 
billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the 
national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions 
established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European 
Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to 
be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating 
Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant 
supervised entity and a significant supervised group pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) 
No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, 
as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo and 
its subsidiaries, for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money 
laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is 
exclusively responsible for the prudential supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which includes, inter alia, 
the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; (iii) 
ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where 
necessary, higher prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU 
law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy 
assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in 
coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise options and discretions under 
the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "BRRD") entered 
into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure 
on the economy and financial system. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be 
used alone (except for the asset separation tool) or in combination where the relevant resolution authority

--- Page 279 ---
278 
 
 
considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable 
timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution 
authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge 
institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge 
institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset 
separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only) and (iv) bail-in - 
which gives resolution authorities the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing 
institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. 
other instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire 
shares or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other 
instruments of ownership) (the "general bail-in tool"). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could 
also be subject to any exercise of such powers by a resolution authority under the BRRD. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership at the point of non-
viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non- viability loss absorption"). The point of 
non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution 
meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or its 
group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down/converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments issued by 
an institution under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on 
which the interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to 
restrict the termination rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, 
after having assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. Resolution authorities may provide public equity support to an 
institution and/or take the institution into public ownership. Such measures must be taken in accordance 
with the EU state aid framework and will require a contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and 
creditors via write-down, conversion or otherwise, in an amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities 
(including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to 
be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly 
issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case 
of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders 
contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
The SRM provides for the setting up of a Single Resolution Fund in the relevant Member State (the "SRF" 
or the "Fund"), established under the control of the SRB, as of 1 January 2016 in which the national 
resolution funds had been pooled together. The SRF is intended to ensure the availability of funding support 
while a bank is resolved and will contribute to resolution if, and only after, at least 8 % of the total liabilities 
(including own funds) of the bank have been subject to bail-in. The SRF is expected to reach a target of 
around €80 billion (the basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the 
Eurozone). Once this target level is reached, in principle, institutions will have to contribute only if the 
resources of the SRF are used up in order to deal with resolution action taken by the relevant authorities. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian

--- Page 280 ---
279 
 
 
Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the "BRRD Decrees"), 
both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. 
Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the provisions of BRRD relating 
to resolution actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Law (Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended) and deals principally with recovery plans, early 
intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Decrees entered into force on 16 November 
2015, save that: (i) the bail-in tool applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a "depositor preference" granted 
for deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals 
and SME's applied from 1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution authorities 
may not exercise the bail-in powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related 
hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a 
secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of 
the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates that 
pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of Notes of a particular Series 
may be subject to write-down/conversion upon an application of the general bail-in tool while other Series 
of Notes (or, in each case, other pari passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such 
application of the general bail-in tool.  
Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon application 
of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the incurrence by 
shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of the relevant tool 
than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. It is therefore possible 
not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may have been excluded from the 
application of the general bail-in tool and therefore the holders of such claims receive a treatment which is 
more favourable than that received by holders of Notes, but also that the safeguard referred to above does 
not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of such fully or partially excluded 
claims. This is due to the fact that the safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal treatment 
but rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application 
of a resolution tool) than they would have received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 
44(2)(g) of the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to 
employees benefit from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured 
creditors in the context of liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States 
modify their national insolvency regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium 
sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created 
pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking 
which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not 
prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types 
of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian 
banks and investment firms to resolution as well as compulsory liquidation procedures by providing that, 
as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess 
deposits of individuals and SMEs will benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, 
though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the 
coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council 
and the European Commission agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process 
Article 108 of the was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and 
publish relevant laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the amendment

--- Page 281 ---
280 
 
 
to the creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new class of so called "Senior Non-
Preferred Debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has been implemented with the law No. 
205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights 
of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in 
the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Notes will have expressly waived 
any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which they might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Notes, it is clear that the statutory right of set-off 
available under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As indicated above, holders of Notes may be subject 
to write-down/conversion into shares or other instruments of ownership on any application of the general 
bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also established that institutions shall meet, at all times, their MREL requirement. Under Article 
45 of the BRRD, MREL is to be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as 
a percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution or based on the leverage ratio exposure 
measure, according to Article 429 and 429a of the CRR II. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package included Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as "BRRD II"). BRRD II provides that Member States are 
required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating 
to the implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for 
full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear 
build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other things: 
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the 
introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions; 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that 
are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(iv) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (Decree No. 193), implementing 
the BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 
(Decree no. 180) and the Banking Law.

--- Page 282 ---
281 
 
 
The provisions set forth in the Decree No. 193 includes, among other things: 
(i) Changes to the MREL regulatory framework 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory framework 
regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set forth in BRRD 
II. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined by 
the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria: 
(a) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to 
meet the resolution’s objectives; 
(b) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in 
tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses could be 
absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio 
to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, 
according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the 
possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in 
full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(c) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(d) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due 
to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the 
financial system. 
(ii) New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Banking Law has been modified by Decree No. 193 to transpose into the Italian legislative 
framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not qualify 
(and no part thereof is recognised) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items (including any 
instruments only partly recognised as own funds items) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
Moreover, if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own 
funds items but junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
The abovementioned provisions also apply to instruments issued before the entrance into force of Decree 
No. 193, such as 1 December 2021. 
(iii) New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Banking Law, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination of a 
minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 
200,000 for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for Senior Non Preferred 
debt instruments ("strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello").  
Any contracts entered into with non professional investors and relating to investment services having as 
their object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Banking Law issued after 1 December 2021,

--- Page 283 ---
282 
 
 
that do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter of the 
Financial Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193). 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in 
force on the placement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non-qualified investors has been 
repealed by Article 5 of Decree No. 193. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the Regulation establishing the Single Resolution 
Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the 
"SRM Regulation") entered into force. The SRM Regulation became operational on 1 January 2016. There 
are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and 
provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2015. The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the EU Banking Reform 
Package in June 2019. The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined above), applies to 
all banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRM II 
Regulation") amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, there 
will be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks 
being supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD II described 
above, revisions to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to change in due 
course. 
In such a context, it is worth to mention the process to review – started by the European Commission in 
November 2020 – the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance ("CMDI") framework. Following this 
revision, new and different legal and regulatory requirements may apply to the Group, in particular the 
intention of the European legislator is to amend the BRRD, the SRMR and the Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
Directive ("DGSD"). 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce the amount of non-performing exposures 
in banks' balance sheets within adequate levels, the following are worth mentioning: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to the 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL guidance 
contains recommendations and lays out the bank's approach, processes and objectives regarding the 
effective management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all non-performing exposures ("NPEs"), 
as well as foreclosed assets, and touches on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning non-
performing, such as "watch-list" exposures and performing forborne exposures. According to the guidance, 
the banks need to establish a strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self assessment of 
the internal capabilities to effectively manage; the external conditions and operating environment; and the 
impaired portfolios specifications. 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to nonperforming exposures 
(NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the "ECB Addendum"). In addition, the ECB's bank-specific supervisory

--- Page 284 ---
283 
 
 
expectations for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 2018), was set out in its 2018 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from 
these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future SREP exercises. 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of 
new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the adoption of Regulation 
(EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) as regards minimum loss coverage for 
non-performing exposures published in the Official Journal of the EU on 25 April 2019, also known as the 
"Pillar 1 Backstop Regulation", which introduces Pillar 1 provisioning requirements, following principles 
similar to those already guiding the finalisation of the ECB Addendum. 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the 
European Commission's requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). Therefore the above mentioned guidelines 
result in three "buckets" of NPEs based on the date of the exposure's origination and the date of NPE's 
classification: 
• 
Loans classified as NPEs before 31 March 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in paths as 
communicated in SREP letters; 
• 
Loans originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows) and classified as NPEs after 31 
March 2018: 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable 
property/secured by immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured 
by an official export credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 
100% is applicable to export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status; 
• 
Loans originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows) and then classified as NPEs: 
3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by 
immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official export 
credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% is applicable to 
export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status. 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published by 
the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four policy 
actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the development of 
secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. An updated Action Plan was 
published in December 2020. 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 31 October 
2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks in place to 
manage effectively their non-performing exposures (NPEs) and to substantially reduce the presence of 
NPEs on the balance sheet. Only for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5 per cent., the EBA 
asked to introduce specific strategies, in order to achieve a reduction of NPEs, and governance and 
operational requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 17 December 
2018 (as amended on 12 October 2022): in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced 
disclosure requirements and uniform disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' public disclosure 
of information regarding nonperforming exposures, forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. The 
amending Guidelines published on 12 October 2022 will apply from 31 December 2022.

--- Page 285 ---
284 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-
performing exposures for loans originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction from own funds 
where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The Regulation's purpose is 
to encourage a timely and proactive management of the NPEs. Loans are divided in vintage buckets of 3/7/9 
years and a progressive coverage path is applied for each bucket. A 100% coverage is applicable to: (i) 
unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures secured by 
immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as defined in CRR, 
from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured exposures, from the seventh year after 
the classification as NPE. 
Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral 
(COM/2018/0135): the proposal is aimed to achieve (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing the 
efficiency of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated 
extrajudicial collateral enforcement procedure (AECE); (ii) the development of secondary markets for 
NPLs in the EU's markets by harmonizing the regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers. 
The European Commission finalized and published on 8 December 2021, in the Official Journal of the 
European Union, the Directive no. 2021/2167 on credit services and credit purchasers (NPLs Directive). 
The NPLs Directive enteres into force on the twentieth day following that of its publication in the Official 
Journal (i.e. 28 December 2021) and is expected to be implemented by the Member States by 29 December 
2023. 
The part of the Directive related to the AECE mechanism remains not adopted. 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by the EBA on 
23 October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 
(Securitisation Regulation) to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints 
imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of 
NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the European Commission, the EBA outlined the fact that the 
securitisations can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and larger 
rate than otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations' structure in 
tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse investor pool with 
a different Risk Appetite. 
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of non-
performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE securitisations by assigning different risk 
weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the European Parliament at the end of March, on 6 April 
2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/557 which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation and 
Regulation (EU) 2021/558 amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the securitisation 
framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis were published on the 
Official Journal of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 2021. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling NPLs. 
In order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks' balance sheets as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the European Commission proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop 
secondary markets for distressed assets (in particular by finalizing the Directive on credit servicers, credit 
purchasers and the recovery of collateral; establishing a data hub at European level and reviewing the EBA 
templates to be used during the disposal of NPLs); (ii) reform the EU's corporate insolvency and debt 
recovery legislation; (iii) support the establishment and cooperation of national asset management 
companies at EU level; (iv) introduce precautionary public support measures, where needed, to ensure the 
continued funding of the real economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and State

--- Page 286 ---
285 
 
 
aid frameworks. As a result, the European Commission published on 18 October 2022 the Communication 
on the guidelines for a best-execution process for sales of non-performing loans on secondary markets. The 
main objectives of such communication are to (i) encourage good sell and buy-side processes for NPL 
transactions in EU secondary markets and, in particular, (ii) to help sellers and buyers that may have less 
experience with secondary market transactions throughout the sale process. 
To further improve the transparency and efficiency of secondary market for NPLs, on 16 June 2021 the 
European Commission released a public consultation aimed at identifying and gathering information on 
remaining obstacles to the proper functioning of secondary markets for NPLs as well as possible enabling 
actions that could be taken to foster these markets by improving the quantity, quality and comparability of 
NPL data. The public consultation ended on 8 September 2021. 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial 
market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian Banking 
Association ("ABI") and the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension 
was extended to loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and 
medium-sized companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment 
instalments may be requested to be suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The 
suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the 
issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the 
suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement 
entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to credit to households, 
including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and unsecured loans repayable 
in instalments. 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial 
markets, issued four recommendations in the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market 
disclosure, (3) financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
1. 
Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be ready 
to apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory obligations. 
2. 
Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in 
accordance with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), as 
a disclosure obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which issuers 
are required to disclose to the public without delay any inside information directly concerning them. 
3. 
Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and 
potential impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative 
assessment on their business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 
year-end financial report if these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial 
reporting disclosures. 
4. 
Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements on 
risk management and to react accordingly.

--- Page 287 ---
286 
 
 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set of 
monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in the 
banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer-term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, 
protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration of targeted 
longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing tightening of financing conditions for 
the economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP). 
As regards TLTRO, several of the parameters that characterise these operations, established by the ECB on 
6 June 2019, were subsequently recalibrated in several steps, initially improving them for banks in light of 
the economic effects of the COVID-19 emergency and, recently - on 27 October 2022 - to “normalise” 
funding costs in order to exert downward pressure on inflation and contribute to restoring price stability 
over the medium term. The amount of funding that each bank could obtain depends on the amount of loans 
granted to non-financial companies and households at particular reporting dates (so-called eligible loans). 
The single tranches could be subscribed on a quarterly basis, from September 2019 up to December 2021, 
and each operation has a duration of three years. The interest rate for each operation is set at a level equal 
to the average interest rate on the Eurosystem’s main refinancing operations (MROs), except for the special 
interest rate period from 24 June 2020 to 23 June 2022, when a rate of 50 basis points lower applied. Banks 
granting net eligible loans above a preset benchmark net lending level can receive an interest rate reduction. 
Specifically, the favourable rate applied is equal to the average rate on deposits with the central bank 
(Deposit Facility Rate or DFR) for the entire duration of the respective operation, except for the special 
interest rate period where an additional reduction of 50 basis points was added. The interest is paid in arrears 
at the maturity date of each TLTRO III transaction or at the time of early repayment. As stated, on 27 
October 2022, in addition to further increasing interest rates, as part of a trend of interest rate hikes begun 
in July 2022, the Governing Council of the ECB decided to recalibrate the conditions applicable to TLTRO 
III financing. Specifically, it maintained the existing interest rate calculation method up to 22 November. 
This method provided that, in “ordinary” periods (i.e. periods other than special interest rate periods defined 
above) the applicable interest rate would equal the average of interest rates calculated over the duration of 
the instrument, entailing an “adjustment” to the interest rate, which would be determined by applying the 
interest rate in force each time, only in ordinary periods. Starting on 23 November 2022 (up to the date of 
maturity or early redemption of each existing TLTRO III) the interest rate is indexed to average applicable 
key ECB interest rates for each operation in that period (equal to the DFR rate for banks that reached the 
defined benchmarks). 
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of €120 
billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase 
programmes. On 18 March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the €750 billion Pandemic 
Emergency Purchase Program (PEPP), increased with a further €600 billion on 4 June 2020. Net asset 
purchases under the PEPP ended as of April 2022. Principal payments from maturing securities purchased 
under it are being reinvested in full. 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM), 
published the first supervisory response to provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. 
According to the ECB statements: i) banks are allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital 
defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the liquidity coverage 
ratio (LCR) to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages also 
national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB); iii) banks are 
allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to 
meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier 2 instruments; iv) banks 
will discuss with the ECB further individual measures, such as modified timetables, processes and deadlines 
(e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); v) flexibility will be granted for the application of the 
ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans to adjust to bank's specific situation due to COVID-19.

--- Page 288 ---
287 
 
 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB announced to see no needs to allow banks to operate below the level of 
capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the 
supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, 
banks are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank 
exposures in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have ample headroom above capital and leverage 
ratio requirements.  
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological emergency 
due to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) was adopted. The 
Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the 
Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen 
the intervention of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA 
relating to losses that can be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the amount of the ACE ("Aiuto 
alla Crescita Economica") notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per cent. of 
the impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 
12 March 2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised 
banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the COVID-19 related 
economic shock to the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ on the measures adopted 
with the aim of updating it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommended to: 
• 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by 
extending to them the preferential treatment foreseen in its Guidance for NPLs for loans 
guaranteed or insured; 
• 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
• 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting issues 
due to the COVID-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and governments to 
address the situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the definition of default 
(DoD) and forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation to 
the exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in accordance 
with IFRS 9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the prudential 
framework concerning: 
• 
the classification of exposures in default; 
• 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
• 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures. 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, 
clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne 
exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case of 
adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments.

--- Page 289 ---
288 
 
 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related 
disclosure requirements, in particular, as regards the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for 
credit agreements (e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) 
under the principles set forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing 
the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers (the 
"Public Statement"). The Public Statement provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by 
ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance of providing relevant and reliable information, which may require 
issuers to make use of the time allowed by national law to publish half-yearly financial reports while not 
unduly delaying the timing of publication; ii) the importance of updating the information included in the 
latest annual accounts to adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in particular in 
relation to significant uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-financial assets and 
presentation in the statement of profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information on the past 
and expected future impact of COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, performance 
of issuers as well as any mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the pandemic. The Public 
Statement was conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other interim periods when IAS 
34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, administrative and supervisory 
bodies, including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, their auditors, to take due 
consideration of the recommendations included within the statement.". 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads 
of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of banks 
and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of the 
COVID-19 on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of 
the outstanding Basel III standards: 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028; 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023; 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant banks 
to refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for the 
duration of the economic shock related to COVID-19. The ECB has decided to extend the recommendation 
on dividends until 1 January 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2020/35 that repeals the previous 
Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of 27 March 2020. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and 
share buy-backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or 
conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. Given the persisting 
uncertainty over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expects dividends and share 
buy-backs to remain below 15 per cent. of the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not higher than 20 basis 
points of the CET1 ratio. Banks that intend to pay dividends or buy back shares need to be profitable and 
have robust capital trajectories. They are expected to contact their Joint Supervisory Team to discuss 
whether the level of intended distribution is prudent. The recommendation remained valid until the end of

--- Page 290 ---
289 
 
 
September 2021. On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to extend its dividend recommendation beyond 
September 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2021/31. In particular, the ECB considered that the 
reduced economic uncertainty allows the thorough supervisory assessment of the prudence of bank’s plans 
to distribute dividends and conduct share buybacks on an individual basis with a careful forward-looking 
assessment of capital plans in the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 1 April 2020 the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done before, for 
applying the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the First Time 
Application (FTA) capital impact of the new accounting principle. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by legislative and 
non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged that Member States 
have implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the medium- and long-term 
economic impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of this, the EBA 
Guidelines clarify several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do not automatically trigger the 
classification as forborne or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable 
national law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant 
credit institutions. In June 2020, the EBA further extended the application date of its Guidelines by three 
months, from until 30 September 2020, and on the 21 September, communicated its phasing-out. However, 
on 2 December 2020 the Guidelines were reactivated until 31 March 2021. 
In addition, as a coordinated approach to the collection of information regarding the application of the 
payment moratoria to the existing loans and public guarantees to new lending in response to COVID‐19 
pandemic, the EBA has introduced additional reporting and disclosure publishing the “Guidelines on 
reporting and disclosure of exposures subject to measures applied in response to the COVID‐19 crisis” 
(EBA/GL/2020/07)19. 
On 29 January 2021, the EBA published the "Report on the implementation of selected COVID-19 
policies", which contains a series of clarifications in the form of questions and answers (Q&A) on the 
interpretation of the EBA Guidelines, in particular with regard to the overall duration of the deferred 
payment to fall within the scope of the EBA Guidelines on moratoriums. However, the clarifications did 
not concern the hypothesis in which the moratorium pursuant to law, even if granted before 30 September, 
was extended for more than 9 months due to a subsequent law. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity Decree) was 
issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in 
addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules 
for accessing, by including also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well as 
increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree 
(provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further 
exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 
December 2020. The Government is going to extend such measures until 31 December 2021 (the 
prorogation will be provided by the Law Decree of the end of April 2021). 
 
19 Following the repeal by the European Banking Authority from 1 January 2023 of the Guidelines relating to reporting and public 
disclosure obligations on loans subject to support measures applied in the light of the Covid-19 crisis (EBA/GL /2020/07), with the 
same effective date the Bank of Italy has adapted and consequently repealed the provisions set out in the communication of the Italian 
Authority of 30 June 2020.

--- Page 291 ---
290 
 
 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to 
ease banking activity during the COVID-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and 
businesses. 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of 
COVID-19 related developments, and they imply: 
• 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in the 
markets and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held in the 
portfolio available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
• 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate 
measures to avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the period 
January 2020 and December 2021); 
• 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the 
calendar provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar 
provisioning applied to credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
• 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME Supporting 
Factor; ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved weighting calibration 
for loans guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential treatment of 
software; 
• 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks' 
capital (IFRS9 phase-in arrangements); 
• 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks ("G-SIB buffer"); 
• 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
• 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another 
EU Member State. 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the "CRR 
Quick-Fix" has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force the 
following day (27 June 2020). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") was published 
in the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and economic support, 
as well as social policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-19. 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 
December 2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk. 
Particular reference is made to two public tools: "Patrimonio PMI" fund, which is aimed at subscribing new 
bonds issued by SME corporates with €10 million turnover, which have been impacted by COVID-19 a 
turnover reduction of 33 per cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to other investors <20 
per cent. of the investment> in such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated which have suffered 
losses <50 per cent. of the losses which exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, but in the limit of the 30 
per cent. of the capital increase>); and the so called "Patrimonio rilancio" (Dedicated assets within CDP)

--- Page 292 ---
291 
 
 
which is aimed at subscribing new bonds (mainly convertible bonds) and shares in order to support the real 
economy. 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree "August" (Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 
104, converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent measures in support of health, 
work and economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law regard the 
extension of the moratorium for SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) and, for tourist 
sector, until 31 March 2021. Such prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly waived by the 
beneficiary company. They also provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Law Decree Cura 
Italia No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs into tax credits (application to special regimes, such as consolidated 
and transparency). The decree above mentioned also widens the scope of the public guarantee, too, 
extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies which already got a prorogation of the guarantee due to 
temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including financial intermediation and holding financial assets 
activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It also extends SACE guarantee scope also to companies admitted to 
the arrangement procedure with business continuity (or certified plans and restructuring agreements) if their 
exposures are not classifiable as non performing exposures (at the date of submission of the application), 
they don't present amounts in arrears and the lender can reasonably assume the full repayment of the 
exposure at maturity. 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the "Relieves" Law Decree (Law 
Decree 28 October 2020, No. 137) and the "Relieves 2" Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, No. 
149) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production 
sectors, justice and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by the Law are a non-
refundable aid for enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the prorogation of "rental" Tax credit 
to October-December period and extension to enterprises with turnover exceeding €5 million and which 
have had a 50 per cent. reduction of turnover. In March 2021, the Council of Ministers approved the 
"Support" Law Decree (Law Decree 22 March 2021, No. 41) which provides further urgent measure 
regarding health protection, support to workers and production sectors linked to COVID-19 pandemic. Such 
decree introduces a new non-refundable aid for enterprises and professionals which have had a 30 per cent. 
reduction of turnover. 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital 
Markets Recovery Package proposal (so-called "quick fix") published by the European Commission in July, 
which proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as well as the Securitization 
Regulation. The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to face the crisis emerging 
from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As to MiFID II, the proposal includes targeted amendments on: i) investor protection, ii) commodity 
derivatives and iii) research regime for SMEs. 
As to Prospectus Regulation, the amendments introduced in particular a new type of short-form prospectus 
to facilitate the raising of capital in public markets. 
As to Securitization Regulation, in addition to a review of the regulatory constraints to the securitisation of 
NPEs, the amendments in particular also extends the preferential treatment to all synthetic on-balance sheet 
securitisation that fulfil the simple, standardised and transparent (STS) criteria in order to help banks free 
up capital and promote the financing of the real economy, in particular to SMEs. 
Amendments to the Prospectus Regulations – approved by the European Parliament on 11 February 2021 
and included in Regulation (EU) 2021/337 – entered into force on 18 March 2021.

--- Page 293 ---
292 
 
 
The MiFID amendments, voted on 11 February 2021 as well, as being part of Directive (EU) 2021/338, 
should have been transposed into national laws by 28 November 2021 and are to be applied from 28 
February 2022. 
Finally, following the vote by the European Parliament at the end of March 2021, on 6 April 2021, 
Regulation (EU) 2021/557, which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation, and Regulation 
(EU) 2021/558, amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the securitisation 
framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis, were published on the 
Official Gazette of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 2021. 
Green Finance Regulation 
The banking system needs to be able to collect high quality data on companies' sustainable activities and 
projects to contribute to the radical transformation towards climate neutrality and sustainability, which are 
the basis for green finance decision-making and necessary to ensure that the banks shall comply with the 
regulations on the disclosure of financial and non-financial information. 
The EBA Action plan on the implementation of the ESG risks in the prudential framework aims to amend 
the European legislation not before 2025. In May 2018, the European Commission published a package of 
legislative measures in order to promote a sustainable finance in line with the objectives of its action plan 
of March 2018. In such context, the European Commission has started preparatory works in order to amend 
MiFID II. In such regard, ESMA submitted technical advice on sustainable finance to the European 
Commission. 
The Non-Financial Reporting Directive (Directive (EU) 2014/95 – NFRD), came into effect on 1 January 
2017. It requires listed large corporates, banks, and insurance companies with more than 500 employees to 
publicly report on ESG matters including employment, board diversity, human rights, anti-corruption and 
bribery. On 20 February 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation with a view to 
align the non-financial reporting requirements with the EU legislation in the area of ESG disclosure (e.g. 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (as defined below) and the EU Taxonomy Regulation). On 21 
April 2021, the Commission published a proposal for the review of the NFRD. The new Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) proposes to extend the scope to listed SMEs (excluding listed 
microundertakings) and to not listed large companies; introduces the requirement to report according to 
common EU sustainability reporting standards envisaging specific standards for listed SMEs while non- 
listed SMEs may decide to use those standard on a voluntary basis, and a transition period of three years 
since the application of the Directive; requires mandatory assurance of the reported information that should 
be published as part of the company's management report and in machinereadable format. On November 
2022 the CSRD text has been adopted by both the co-legislators and the text will entry into force 20 days 
following the publication in the Official Journal of the European Union. 
On 9 December 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability ‐ related disclosures in the financial 
services sector (SFDR - Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation) has been published, which lays down 
harmonised rules for financial market participants and financial advisers on transparency. 
As the SFDR applies from 10 March 2021, the ESAs issued a joint declaration on 25 February 2021, as 
updated on 24 March 2022, offering guidance to financial market participants (e.g. banks, investing firms, 
insurance companies) for application of the draft ITS in the interim period until the formal adoption by the 
European Commission. 
On 25 July 2022, the European Commission published, in the Official Journal of the European Union, the 
Delegated Regulation 2022/1288, which sets out certain regulatory technical standards supplementing the

--- Page 294 ---
293 
 
 
SFDR (Regulation 1288). The Regulation 1288 entered into force on 14 August 2022 and will be applicable 
from 1 January 2023. 
In particular, the Regulation 1288 contains the regulatory technical standards specifying the details of the 
content, methodologies and presentation of the information in relation to the principle of “do no significant 
harm”, sustainability indicators and adverse sustainability impacts as well as the promotion of the 
environmental or social characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual documents, 
on websites and periodic reports. 
On 9 March 2020, the European Commission Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance (TEG) 
published its final report on the taxonomy, following the public consultation launched after the publication 
of the June 2019 report. The EU Taxonomy Regulation, which is part of the Action 1 of the Action Plan on 
financing sustainable growth published on 8 March 2018 by the Commission, aims to establish a unique 
classification system for the economic activities which can be classified as sustainable. The EU Taxonomy 
Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 June 2020 and entered into 
force on 12 July 2020. So far three delegated acts under the EU Taxonomy Regulation have been adopted 
by the European Commission: a first delegated act on technical screening criteria on climate change 
mitigation and adaptation objectives has been adopted in April 2021; a second delegated act, supplementing 
Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation, on taxonomy-related disclosures has been adopted in July 2021 
(specifying the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-
financial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in 
their business, investments or lending activities); a third delegated act, complementary to the first, including 
technical screening criteria on nuclear and gas energy activities has been adopted in February 2022. A 
further delegated act establishing technical screening criteria for the other four environmental objectives – 
sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, transition to circular economy, pollution 
prevention and control, and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems, will be adopted 
in 2023. 
Together with EU Taxonomy final report, TEG has released a guide for how to use the EU's Green Bond 
Standard (EU GBS). The document incorporates several updates related to the political agreement on 
Taxonomy reached in December 2019 by the Commission, Council and European Parliament, and the 
Green Deal launched by the Commission. The EU GBS regulation is included in Commission's initiatives 
set out in Action 2 of the Action Plan, which envisages to create standards and labels for green financial 
products. In July 2021, the European Commission adopted a legislative proposal for EU GBS. 
On 12 March 2020, CONSOB has drawn attention to the current investor protection safeguards applicable 
to intermediaries that provide investment services, when they address clients with an offer characterized as 
sustainable. 
On 8 April 2020, European Commission launched a public consultation to collect opinions in relation to 
the Commissions renewed strategy on sustainable finance, until now based on the Action Plan on financing 
sustainable growth published on 8 March 2018. The aim of the Commission is to reach a proposal for the 
implementation of a new strategy on sustainable finance in June 2021. Additionally, the Article 20 of the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation creates a "Platform on sustainable Finance", an advisory body composed of 
experts from the private and public sector that will provide advice to the European Commission on the 
technical screening criteria for the EU Taxonomy and will monitor and report on capital flows towards 
sustainable investments. 
On 20 January 2021, the European Commission opened a targeted consultation on the establishment of a 
European single access point (ESAP) for financial and non-financial information publicly disclosed by 
companies. The establishment of ESAP is the first point of the new action plan on the Capital Markets 
Union 2020 aiming to create a register of ESG data at EU level to provide easily accessible, comparable

--- Page 295 ---
294 
 
 
and machine readable information through standardization of formats to remove the difficulties encountered 
by the various stakeholders in accessing, comparing and using companies' financial and sustainability 
related information. 
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission published a package of measures on Sustainable Finance, 
which included proposals for inclusion of ESG into the existing MiFID II. The financial advisors are 
required to gather information about ESG preferences of clients and take them into consideration when 
providing advice or propose financial products. Additionally, the financial institutions are requested to 
integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences into organizational and operational processes. The 
delegated acts, namely Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1253 and Commission Delegated 
Regulation 2021/1269, were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 2 August 2021 and 
applied from 22 November 2022.

--- Page 296 ---
295 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
The annual financial information below as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 has been derived respectively from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the "2022 Audited Financial 
Statements") and from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Audited Financial Statements"). 
Incorporation by Reference 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference"). The financial information set out below forms only part of, should be read in conjunction with 
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the above-mentioned audited consolidated annual financial 
statements, together with the accompanying notes and auditors' reports. 
Accounting Principles 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance 
with the accounting principles issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and the relative 
interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee, otherwise known as 
International Accounting Standards and International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the 
European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002.  
The accounting standards adopted in preparation of 2022 Audited Financial Statements, with regard to the 
classification, recognition, measurement and derecognition of the financial assets and liabilities, and the 
recognition methods for revenues and costs, have remained unchanged compared to those adopted for the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2021 Audited Financial Statements. 
In addition, the indications provided by the authorities and the IASB, together with the application decisions 
made by Intesa Sanpaolo, as described in the chapter "Overview of 2022", should be consulted on the 
consequences of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and on the impact for the ISP Group of the military 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Furthermore, the chapter “Risks, uncertainties and impacts of the 
russian/ukrainian crisis” in the "2022 Audited Financial Statements" (Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements – Part A) provides additional details in the context of the Russian-Ukrainian war in compliance 
with the specific public statement issued by ESMA on 13 May 2022, symmetrically adopted also by 
CONSOB with regard to the priority accounting aspects: 
• 
Control and going concern 
• 
Valuation process and classification of positions 
• 
Financial reporting 
 
This public statement is based, and provides greater details, on the previous document of 14 March 2022 
(ESMA PUBLIC STATEMENT: ESMA coordinates regulatory response to the war in Ukraine and its 
impact on EU financial markets – 14 March 2022). That public statement was additionally confirmed by 
the “ESMA Enforcement Priorities 2022” of 28 October 2022. 
 
Some amendments to existing accounting standards, endorsed by the European Commission in 2021, were 
applicable on a mandatory basis for the first time starting in 2022, but none of them is particularly 
significant for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. A summary of the endorsing Regulations is provided below:

--- Page 297 ---
296 
 
 
 
Regulation 1080/2021: this Regulation dated 28 June 2021 implements several less material amendments, 
published by the IASB on 14 May 2020, to the international accounting standards IAS 16 Property, Plant 
and Equipment, IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets and IFRS 3 Business 
Combinations; starting on 1 January 2022 the said amendments are effective and relate to: 
• 
IAS 16 – Cost components: the amendments, which are not pertinent to the Group, introduce a 
prohibition on deducting from the cost of property, plant and equipment the amounts received 
from the sale of articles produced while the company was preparing the asset for the intended use. 
The company must recognise such proceeds from sales and the related costs in the income 
statement;  
• 
IAS 37 – Onerous contracts: it is clarified that to assess whether a contract is onerous, all costs 
directly related to the contract, rather than incremental costs necessary for fulfilling the contract, 
must be included in the estimate. Accordingly, the assessment of whether a contract is onerous 
includes the incremental costs (for example, the cost of the direct materials used in processing), as 
well as all costs that the entity cannot avoid as a consequence of entering into the contract (for 
example, the portion of personnel expenses and depreciation of the machinery employed to fulfil 
the contract);  
• 
IFRS 3 – References to the Conceptual Framework: several references were updated to the new 
version of the Conceptual Framework of 2018 which, nonetheless, do not entail changes to the 
pre-existing accounting methods. In addition, the prohibition on recognising contingent assets (i.e., 
assets whose existence will only be confirmed by uncertain future events) in business 
combinations was explicitly stated (previously, this prohibition was explicitly stated only in the 
Basis for Conclusion).  
The Regulation in question also endorses the customary annual improvements - the Annual Improvements 
to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 Cycle - which clarify the formulation or correct errors, oversights or conflicts 
between the requirements of the Standards. Those minor amendments included changes to IFRS 9 Financial 
Instruments, providing several clarifications on the fees and commissions to be included in the 10% test for 
derecognising financial liabilities. In that regard, it is specified that only fees paid or collected between the 
parties are to be included, not fees directly attributable to third parties. 
The 2022 Audited Financial Statements, drawn up in euro as the functional currency, contain the 
consolidated Balance sheet as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated Income statement, the Statement of 
consolidated comprehensive income, the Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity, the consolidated 
Statement of cash flows for the year then ended, the explanatory notes and the related comparative 
information. The Report on operations prepared by the Directors, on the economic results achieved and on 
Intesa Sanpaolo’s balance sheet and financial position has also been included therein. In connection with 
the introduction of IFRS 9 in 2018, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group decided to exercise the option of adopting 
the deferral approach, also provided for banking-led financial conglomerates, specific balance sheet and 
income statement captions have been added to the consolidated financial statement layouts established in 
Circular 262 to present the valuation of assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance companies and the 
related profit or loss effects measured in accordance with IAS 39. The amounts indicated in the financial 
statements and explanatory notes, as well as those in the Report on operations, are expressed in millions of 
euro, unless otherwise specified.  
In addition, as reported in the 2022 Audited Financial Statements, the balance sheets and the related details 
in the explanatory notes present, in accordance with IFRS 5, among components related to discontinued 
operations, mainly portfolios of non-performing loans that will be subject to sale as part of the Group’s de-
risking strategies. This caption also includes the following reclassifications: the equity investment in Zhong

--- Page 298 ---
297 
 
 
Ou Asset Management Co. Ltd., for which the sale is expected to be finalised in the coming months, once 
the authorisation process has been completed, and the assets and liabilities relating to PBZ Card’s merchant 
acquiring business line, which will be transferred to the Nexi Group in the first half of 2023. 
The 2022 Audited Financial Statements are complemented by certification of the Managing Director – CEO 
and the Manager responsible for preparing the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial reports pursuant to Article 
154-bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 (Consolidated Law on Finance) and the Independent Auditors EY 
S.p.A. Report.

--- Page 299 ---
298 
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO  
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET  
AS AT 31.12.2022 
Assets 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €)  
Cash and cash equivalents 
112,924 
14,756 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
47,577 
52,731 
a) 
financial assets held for trading 
42,522 
47,181 
b) 
financial assets designated at fair value 
1 
4 
c) 
other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
5,054 
5,546 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
49,716 
67,580 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair value 
pursuant to IAS 39 
172,725 
206,800 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
528,078 
668,866 
a) 
due from banks 
32,884 
163,937 
b) 
loans to customers 
495,194 
504,929 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised 
cost pursuant to IAS 39 
80 
85 
Hedging derivatives 
10,062 
1,732 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
- 9,752 
392 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control 
2,013 
1,652 
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties 
163 
208 
Property and equipment 
10,505 
10,792 
Intangible assets  
of which: 
9,830 
9,342 
- goodwill 
3,626 
3,574 
Tax assets 
18,273 
18,808 
a) 
current 
3,520 
3,555 
b) 
deferred 
14,753 
15,253 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
638 
1,422 
Other assets 
22,851 
13,837 
Total Assets 
975,683 
1,069,003

--- Page 300 ---
299 
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
 CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET  
AS AT 31.12.2022 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
667,586 
710,055 
a) 
due to banks 
137,482 
165,258 
b) 
due to customers 
454,025 
458,239 
c) 
securities issued 
76,079 
86,558 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at 
amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39 
2,550 
2,146 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
46,512 
56,306 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
8,795 
3,674 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair 
value pursuant to IAS 39 
71,744 
84,770 
Hedging derivatives 
5,346 
4,868 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
- 8,031 
53 
Tax liabilities 
2,306 
2,285 
a) 
current 
297 
363 
b) 
deferred 
2,009 
1,922 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operations 
15 
30 
Other liabilities 
11,060 
15,639 
Employee termination indemnities 
852 
1,099 
Allowances for risks and charges 
5,010 
5,716 
a) 
commitments and guarantees given 
711 
508 
b) 
post-employment benefits 
139 
290 
c) 
other allowances for risks and charges 
4,160 
4,918 
Technical reserves 
100,117 
118,296 
Valuation reserves 
-1,939 
-709 
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies 
-696 
476 
Redeemable shares 
- 
- 
Equity instruments 
7,211 
6,282 
Reserves 
15,827 
17,706 
Interim dividend (-) 
-1,400 
-1,399 
Share premium reserve 
28,053 
27,286 
Share capital 
10,369 
10,084 
Treasury shares (-) 
-124 
-136 
Minority interests (+/-) 
166 
291 
Net income (loss) (+/-) 
4,354 
4,185 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
975,683 
1,069,003

--- Page 301 ---
300 
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO  
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF INCOME  
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2022 
 
31.12.2022 31.12.2021 
Audited 
Audited  
(in millions of €) 
Interest and similar income 
13,232 
10,473 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate 
12,708 
10,039 
Interest and similar expense 
-3,547 
-2,480 
Interest margin 
9,685 
7,993 
Fee and commission income 
11,285 
12,087 
Fee and commission expense 
-2,708 
-2,723 
Net fee and commission income 
8,577 
9,364 
Dividend and similar income 
225 
161 
Profits (Losses) on trading 
-149 
503 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
33 
36 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
-48 
758 
a) 
financial assets measured at amortised cost 
b) 
financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
167 
-243 
201 
611 
c) 
financial liabilities 
28 
-54 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
755 
71 
a) 
financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
957 
-42 
b) 
other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
-202 
113 
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to 
insurance companies pursuant to IAS 39 
1,234 
4,754 
Net interest and other banking income 
20,312 
23,640 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risks associated with: 
-2,624 
-2,843 
a) 
financial assets measured at amortised cost 
b) 
financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
-2,579 
-45 
-2,813 
-30 
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to 
-160 
-26 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-5 
-29 
Net income from banking activities 
17,523 
20,742 
Net insurance premiums 
10,358 
10,557 
Other net insurance income (expense) 
-9,398 
-13,525 
Net income from banking and insurance activities 
18,483 
17,774 
Administrative expenses: 
-11,579 
-12,012 
a) 
personnel expenses 
-6,793 
-7,187 
b) 
other administrative expenses 
-4,786 
-4,825 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
-349 
-374 
a) 
commitments and guarantees given 
-209 
97 
b) 
other net provisions 
-140 
-471 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment 
-700 
-659 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets 
-984 
-934 
Other operating expenses (income) 
934 
980 
Operating expenses 
-12,678 
-12,999 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to 
joint control 
232 
138 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets 
measured at fair value 
-46 
-21 
Goodwill impairment 
- 
- 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments 
16 
289 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations 
6,007 
5,181 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
-1,630 
-1,138

--- Page 302 ---
301 
 
 
 
31.12.2022 31.12.2021 
Audited 
Audited  
(in millions of €) 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations 
4,377 
4,043 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations 
- 
- 
Net income (loss) 
4,377 
4,043 
Minority interests 
-23 
142 
Parent Company's net income (loss) 
4,354 
4,185 
Basic EPS - Euro 
0.23 
0.22 
Diluted EPS - Euro 
0.23 
0.22

--- Page 303 ---
302 
 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or CREST currently in effect. Investors wishing 
to use the facilities of any of the clearing systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the 
rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant clearing system. None of the Issuer nor the Agent nor any 
other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the 
facilities of any clearing system or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for acceptance in their 
respective book-entry systems in respect of any Series of Notes. Global Notes will be deposited with a 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an alternative clearing system as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Manager. 
Transfers of interests in such Global Notes will be made in accordance with the normal operating 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if appropriate, the alternative clearing system. 
Each Global Note deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will have an ISIN and a Common Code. Transfers of 
any interests in Notes represented by a Global Registered Note within Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the 
relevant clearing system. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
CREST Depository Interests 
Following their delivery into Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, interests in Notes may be 
delivered, held and settled in CREST by means of the creation of CDIs representing the interests in the 
relevant Underlying Notes. The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository to CDI Holders and will be 
governed by English law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of CREST International Nominees Limited (the 
CREST Nominee) in the Underlying Notes. Pursuant to the CREST Manual (as defined below), Notes 
held in global form by the common depositary or common safekeeper may be settled through CREST, and 
the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be independent securities distinct from the Notes, 
constituted under English law and may be held and transferred through CREST.

--- Page 304 ---
303 
 
 
Interests in the Underlying Notes will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the 
CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs to 
the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying Note, for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository 
will pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the Underlying Notes 
on trust for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the CREST Depository notices 
of meetings of holders of Underlying Notes and other relevant notices issued by the Issuer. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying Notes by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the corresponding CDIs and transfer of an 
interest in such Underlying Notes to the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the Underlying Notes and will not require a separate 
listing on the Official List. 
Prospective subscribers for Notes represented by CDIs are referred to Section 3 (Crest International 
Manual) of the CREST Manual which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the 
CREST Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer including the CREST Deed Poll in the form contained 
in Section 3 of the CREST Manual executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from 
those of holders of Notes which are not represented by CDIs. 
If issued, CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. The settlement of the CDIs by means of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service has the following consequences for CDI Holders: 
(i) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the Underlying Notes or have a direct beneficial 
interest in the Underlying Notes. The CDIs are separate legal instruments from the Underlying 
Notes to which they relate and represent an indirect interest in such Underlying Notes. 
(ii) 
The Underlying Notes themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such 
Underlying Notes) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the 
Underlying Notes through a clearing system. Rights in the Underlying Notes will be held through 
custodial and depositary links through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the 
Underlying Notes or to interests in the Underlying Notes will depend on the rules of the clearing 
system in or through which the Underlying Notes are held. 
(iii) 
Rights under the Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through 
the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights under the 
Underlying Notes will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. The rights 
of CDI Holders to the Underlying Notes are represented by the entitlements against the CREST 
Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) holds interests in the Underlying Notes. This 
could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made 
in respect of the Underlying Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Notes held in clearing systems are not held in 
special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf 
of other customers of the relevant intermediaries. 
(iv) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll.

--- Page 305 ---
304 
 
 
CDI Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or 
prescribed pursuant to the CREST manual issued by Euroclear UK & Ireland (including the 
CREST International Manual dated 14 April 2008) as amended, modified, varied or supplemented 
from time to time (the CREST Manual) and the CREST Rules (the CREST Rules) (contained in 
the CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links Service and CDI 
Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
(v) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual 
and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be 
given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the 
CDIs. 
(vi) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of 
potential investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and the 
CREST Rules, copies of which are available from the CREST website from time to time (at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, being at Euroclear website in the section site/public/EUI). 
(vii) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST 
Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, 
duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with the holding 
of the CDIs through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
(viii) 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuer, the relevant Manager nor the Agent will 
have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or 
indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations. 
(ix) 
Potential investors should note that Notes represented upon issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note will not be immediately eligible for CREST settlement 
as CDIs. In such case, investors investing in the Underlying Notes through CDIs will only receive 
the CDIs after such Temporary Global Note is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, which 
could take up to 40 days after the issue of the Notes. It is anticipated that Notes eligible for CREST 
settlement as CDIs will be issued in registered form or, if issued in bearer form, will be represented 
upon issue by a Permanent Global Note.

--- Page 306 ---
305 
 
 
TAXATION  
General Taxation Information 
The tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Transactions involving Notes (including purchases, transfer or redemption), the accrual or receipt of any 
interest payable on the Notes and the death of a holder of any Note may have tax consequences for potential 
purchasers which may depend, amongst other things, upon the tax status of the potential purchaser and may 
relate to stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, income tax, corporation tax, capital gains tax and inheritance 
tax. 
The following information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of the tax law and 
practice currently available. Potential purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as 
to the tax consequences of transactions involving Notes. 
Purchasers and/or sellers of Notes may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in accordance with 
the laws and practices of the country of transfer in addition to the issue price or purchase price (if different) 
of the Notes. 
1. 
LUXEMBOURG  
The statements herein regarding tax considerations in Luxembourg are based on the laws in force in 
Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law. 
The following information is of a general nature, is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the debt securities.  
Prospective investors in the debt securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to 
the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject as 
a result of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the debt securities. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding tax 
Non-Resident holders of debt securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon settlement, repurchase or 
exchange of the Notes held by non-resident holders of debt securities. 
Resident holders of debt securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 as 
amended (the Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident holders of securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is 
any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon settlement, repurchase or exchange of Notes held by

--- Page 307 ---
306 
 
 
Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg  are at present subject to a 
withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for 
the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest or similar 
income under the Notes coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to withholding tax of 20 per 
cent.  
Taxation of Corporate Holders  
Luxembourg corporate holders  
Holders of debt securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income 
tax on a repayment of principal.  
A corporate holder of debt securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, or who has a 
permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the debt securities are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg corporation taxes in respect of the interest received or accrued on 
the debt securities as well as on any redemption premium received or issue discount realized.  
Gains realized by a corporate holder of debt securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or 
who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the debt securities 
are attributable, on the sale or disposal of their debt securities, are subject to Luxembourg corporation taxes.  
Non-resident corporate holders not having a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Luxembourg  
Gains realized by a non-resident corporate holder of debt securities who does not have a permanent 
establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes are attributable, on the sale 
or disposal of their debt securities, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax.  
Wealth tax  
Under present Luxembourg tax laws, a holder of debt securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax 
purposes, or a non-resident holder of debt securities who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of 
business in Luxembourg to which the debt securities are attributable, has to take into account the debt 
securities for purposes of the Luxembourg wealth tax, with the exception of certain holders falling within 
the laws on family estate management companies dated May 11, 2007, on regulated investment funds dated 
December 17, 2010, on specialized investment funds dated February 13, 2007, on securitization companies 
dated March 22, 2004, as amended, and on reserved alternative investment funds dated July 23, 2016.  
Taxation of Individual Holders  
Resident individuals  
Holders of debt securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income 
tax on a repayment of principal.  
An individual holder of debt securities managing their private wealth, who is a resident of Luxembourg for 
tax purposes, is subject to income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption

--- Page 308 ---
307 
 
 
premium received or issue discount realized on the debt securities, except where (i) such interest has been 
subject to withholding tax under the law of December 23, 2005, as amended, or (ii) the individual holder 
of the Notes has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with 
the law of December 23, 2005, as amended, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or 
ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area (other than a EU Member State).  
Under Luxembourg tax laws, a gain realized by an individual holder of debt securities managing their 
private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, on the sale or disposal of the debt 
securities is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place at least six 
months after the acquisition of the debt securities. An individual holder of debt securities, managing their 
private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, has to further include the portion of 
their gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income in respect of the debt securities in their 
taxable income, except where such interest has been subject to withholding tax under the law of 
December 23, 2005, as amended.  
Gains realized upon the sale or disposal of the debt securities by an individual holder of their debt securities, 
managing a professional or business undertaking, who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or who 
has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the debt securities are 
attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income tax. There is no wealth tax for individuals.  
An individual holder of debt securities managing a professional or business undertaking must include this 
interest in their taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the law of December 23, 2005, 
as amended, will be credited against their final tax liability.  
Non-resident individuals  
A non-resident holder of debt securities, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative 
in Luxembourg to which/whom such debt securities are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income 
tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premium received or issue discount realized on the notes or 
gains realized on the sale or disposal of the debt securities.  
Indirect Taxes  
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of debt securities will give rise 
to any Luxembourg registration tax or similar taxes.  
Inheritance and gift taxes  
Under present Luxembourg tax laws, in the case where a holder of debt securities is a resident for tax 
purposes of Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Notes are included in his taxable estate for inheritance 
tax purposes and gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of notes if a deed is registered in Luxembourg.  
No stamp duty  
A fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of a document linked to the debt 
securities in Luxembourg in the case where such document is physically attached to a public deed or to any 
other document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of such document 
on a voluntary basis. 
2. 
REPUBLIC OF ITALY

--- Page 309 ---
308 
 
 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made 
on a retroactive basis. The following general discussion does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose 
of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, 
some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
Italian Taxation 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (Decree 239), as subsequently amended, provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from Notes issued, inter alia, by Italian 
banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by Italian banks. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities 
that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory 
capital financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principle, issued by, inter alia, 
Italian banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments, as set out by Article 2, paragraph 22, of Law 
Decree No. 138 of 13 August 2011, as converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011 
and as further amended. 
In any case, it can not be excluded that Italian Tax Authorities consider the Notes issued as Atypical Notes, 
which have the specific tax regime hereinafter described. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes are subject to a tax withheld at source, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied 
at the rate of 26 per cent (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on 
a sale of the Notes). All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients" (unless they have entrusted 
the management of his financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the so-called "regime del risparmio gestito" – see “Capital Gains Tax” below). If the Noteholders 
described under (i) or (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected and the Notes are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be

--- Page 310 ---
309 
 
 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder's annual income tax return 
and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and in certain circumstances, depending on 
the "status" of the Noteholder (i.e. banks or insurance companies) also to the regional tax on productive 
activities (IRAP)). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), as clarified by the Italian Revenue 
Agency (Agenzia delle Entrate) through Circular No. 47/E of 8 August 2003 and Circular No. 11/E of 28 
March 2012, payments of interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of the Notes made to Italian 
resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented, or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 
1994 or a SICAF, to which the provisions of Decree 351, as subsequently amended, apply (“Real Estate 
SICAF”) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a real estate 
investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, or open-ended 
investment company (società di investimento a capitale variabile – SICAV) or an close-ended investment 
company, other than a real estate investment company (società di investimento a capital fisso – SICAF) 
established in Italy or either (i) the fund, SICAF/SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision 
of a regulatory authority (the Fund), and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, interest, 
premium and other income accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to 
taxation on such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding 
period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax (“Pension Fund Tax”). 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement), Interest in 
respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies, SGRs, 
stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an 
Intermediary). 
An Intermediary must (i) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer 
of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any 
assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of 
the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any entity paying interest to a Noteholder. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni  are connected, the imposta sostitutiva

--- Page 311 ---
310 
 
 
is not applied provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner is either (i) resident, for tax purposes, 
in a country which allows a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in Ministerial Decree 
of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended 
according to Article 11, par. 4, let. c) of Decree no. 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No. 147 of 14 
September 2015) (the White List); or (ii) an international body or entity set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) a central bank or an entity which 
manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an institutional investor which is 
incorporated in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, even if it does 
not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence.  
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent, or at the reduced rate provided for by 
the applicable double tax treaty, to interest, premium and other income paid to Noteholders who are 
resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of the 
payments of interest, premium or other income and (i) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a 
resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a 
non-Italian resident entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which 
is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and (ii) file with the relevant 
depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, 
which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit 
from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for 
international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into 
force in Italy or in the case of foreign central banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves 
of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, 
as subsequently amended. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident Noteholders to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interest payments. Noteholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a 
total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant Noteholder. 
Fungible issues  
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of 
a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to 
imposta sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue 
price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from 
the issue date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche 
and that of the original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied 
by the number of years of the duration of the Notes. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares (azioni) or securities similar to 
shares (titoli similari alle azioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 
1986, but qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici), may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate 
of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay , at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value with of without the payment 
of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the

--- Page 312 ---
311 
 
 
issuer or the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not falling within the category of bons 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), qualifying as atypical 
securities (titoli atipici) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes 
are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (d) an Italian commercial 
partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution and trusts, such withholding tax applies 
as a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases the withholding tax is levied as a final withholding tax. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate 
of withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian resident Noteholders, subject to proper compliance 
with relevant subjective and procedural requirements.  
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of 
production for IRAP purposes), if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected and certain other persons, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the 
sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 
per cent. Noteholders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on 
capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the 26 per 
cent imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net 
of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholder, holding Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out 
during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with an

--- Page 313 ---
312 
 
 
entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant 
incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay the 26 per cent imposta sostitutiva on such gains 
together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be 
carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders holding the Notes 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, resident partnerships not carrying out commercial 
activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial 
activities may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Notes (the "risparmio amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is 
allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and (ii) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in 
writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva (26 
per cent) in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect 
of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required 
to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding 
amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for 
this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in 
a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities and Italian private or 
public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for 
the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value 
of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be 
paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but 
subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the a withholding tax of 
26 per cent in the hands of the unit/shareholders. 
Under the current regime provided by Decree 351, as clarified by the Italian Revenue Agency (Agenzia 
delle Entrate) through Circular No. 47/E of 8 August 2003 and Circular No. 11/E of 28 March 2012, 
payments of interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate 
investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended and supplemented, or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 or to a Real 
Estate SICAF are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a real 
estate investment fund or of a Real Estate SICAF. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. 
Subject to certain contitions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes 
are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the

--- Page 314 ---
313 
 
 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Note is connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets are not 
subject to imposta sostitutiva. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholders file 
in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating 
that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes and not traded on regulated markets 
are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (i) is resident for income 
tax purposes in a State incuded in the White List; or (ii) is an international entity or body set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) is a central bank or 
an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) is an institutional investor 
which is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, even if it 
does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the 
sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer, not listed in regulated markets, held in 
Italy, are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of 
the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale 
or redemption of Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a 
result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for 
each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(ii) transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject 
to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value 
of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
(iii) any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the heir/heiress and/or the donee is a person with a severe disability pursuant to Law n. 104 of February 
5, 1992, inheritance tax or gift tax is applied to the extent that the value of the inheritance or gift exceeds 
€1,500.000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds

--- Page 315 ---
314 
 
 
and notarized deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds are subject to 
registration tax only in case of voluntary registration, explicit reference (enunciazione) or case of use (caso 
d’uso). 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, as amended by Article 1 par. 581 of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 ("Decree 642"), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients in respect of any financial product and instrument, which may be 
deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.20 per cent. and 
it cannot exceed € 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the 
market value or – in the absence of a market value – on the nominal value or the redemption amount of any 
financial product or financial instruments. Based on the interpretation of the law, it may be understood that 
the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident Noteholders, to the extent that the 
Notes are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory 
nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 
months, the stamp duty is payable pro-rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the relevant regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity 
within the Italian territory. 
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August, 1990, as 
amended, individuals, non-commercial institutions and non-commercial partnerships and assimilated 
entities pursuant to Article 5 of Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 resident in Italy who 
hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the 
aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the 
income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the 
income tax return). 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) and (18-bis) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals, 
Italian non commercial entities, Italian non-commercial partnerships and assimilated entities pursuant to 
Article 5 of Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 holding the Notes outside the Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. (IVAFE). For taxpayers other than 
individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year.  This tax is calculated on the market value of the 
Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or the 
redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an 
Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are 
held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). The financial assets held abroad are excluded 
from the scope of IVAFE, if such financial assets are administered by Italian financial intermediaries 
pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject

--- Page 316 ---
315 
 
 
to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 
of the tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
3. 
IRELAND 
The following is an overview of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes.  The overview does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. . 
The overview is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue Commissioners 
of Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult 
their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and 
disposition of the Notes including, in particular, the effect of any state or local law taxes, if applicable. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
• 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess 
of one year); 
• 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a 
period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
• 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by 
companies that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax. 
Generally, the rate is 20% however in the case of the latter (i.e. distributions) the rate is 25%.  
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer operate 
in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Notes is connected, nor are the Notes held 
in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of interest 
or annual payments arise on the Notes, such payments should not be regarded as payments having an Irish 
source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct 
any amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with the Notes. 
Separately, for as long as the Notes are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the Notes should not be 
obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the 
purchase of the Notes. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Irish encashment tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25 per cent. from interest or other 
distribution on any Notes where such interest or other distribution is collected or realised by a paying agent 
in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. There is an exemption from encashment tax where the payments 
are made (i) in Ireland to a non-resident that is beneficially entitled to the income and has made a declaration 
to this effect in the prescribed form to the paying agent or (ii) to an Irish tax resident company beneficially 
entitled to that income and which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of that income.  
4. 
SLOVAK REPUBLIC  
General

--- Page 317 ---
316 
 
 
The information set out below describes certain material Slovak tax consequences for the holders of the 
debt securities who are individuals residing for tax purposes in the Slovak Republic or corporate entities 
having their registered office or place of actual management in the Slovak Republic or Slovak permanent 
establishments of foreign entities and individuals, to which the income from Notes is allocated (the Slovak 
Holders); a 'place of actual management' is defined as a 'place where management decisions and business 
decisions of the board of directors or the supervisory board are made, even in cases where the address of 
such place is not registered with the relevant commercial register'. 
The information in this section is based on the laws of the Slovak Republic as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, except otherwise stated below. The statements are subject to any future changes in law, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The statements do not provide a comprehensive description 
of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose 
of the Notes. Some categories of investors may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the 
Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax consequences of their ownership of 
the Notes. 
Residents  
Individuals, who are residents in Slovakia, are subject to unlimited income tax liability on their world-wide 
income (i.e. income from domestic and foreign sources). An individual is resident in Slovakia if he/she has 
his/her domicile (a registered permanent stay), residence or habitual place of abode (a physical presence 
for at least 183 days in a calendar year) in Slovakia. Residence shall mean (in the context of the double-
taxation treaties) the possibility of accommodation, which is permanently available to physical person, 
other than occasional accommodation for the purposes of business travels, tourism, recreation, etc., while 
an intention of physical person to permanently reside in the state with respect to his/her personal and 
economic ties is obvious. 
Corporations having their registered office and/or their place of effective management in the territory of 
Slovakia are subject to corporate income tax in Slovakia on their world-wide income (i.e. income from 
domestic and foreign sources). 
Non-residents (both individuals and corporations) are subject to income tax only on income from the 
sources in Slovakia. Both in case of residents and non-residents Slovak's right to tax may be restricted by a 
relevant double taxation treaty. 
Slovak income tax 
A Slovak Holder is considered as a taxpayer with an unlimited taxation duty under Slovak tax law. 
Generally, corporate Slovak Holders are subject to a flat 21 per cent income tax rate if the taxable income 
of the legal entity for the taxation period exceeds EUR 49,790 or 15%, if the taxable income of the legal 
entity for the taxation period does not exceed  EUR 49,790 (effective for filing of the tax return after 31 
December 2020). Income of individual Slovak Holders not exceeding EUR 38,553.01 is subject to a 19 per 
cent income tax rate. Income above this threshold is subject to a 25 per cent income tax rate.  
Capital income of individuals received till 31 December 2015 was included into the general tax base. As of 
1 January 2016, taxation of income from capital is included in the separate tax base, with a tax rate of 19%. 
This concerns also income from capital realised on redemption of the Notes.  
Capital gain from sale of the Notes is handled differently from interest, i.e. it is included into general tax 
base. In such case the tax base shall be equal to the taxable income less any expenses, which may be 
documented as having been incurred in order to generate the income. Expenses that can be deducted are 
the purchase price proven to be paid for the Notes, or when there is no purchase (e.g. donation, inheritance),

--- Page 318 ---
317 
 
 
then the price for the Notes determined at the time when the Notes were acquired, and the expenses related 
to the acquisition or purchase of the Notes. The income from derivative operations is taxed as capital gains. 
Expenses, which could be deducted from the income of derivative operations are all charges and another 
similar payment (fees) related to the realization of derivative operations and other expenses related to 
settlement of these derivative operations. 
The capital gains from the sale of the notes are exempt from Slovak personal income tax, if the aggregate 
of the tax base consisting of income from the transfer of options, income from the transfer of securities and 
income from the transfer of an interest in a company (reduced by the related expenditures) does not exceed 
the flat amount of EUR 500. This limit for exemption cumulatively applies also to e.g. rental income or 
income from occasional activities. If the above mentioned limit is exceeded, only the excess amount is 
included in the tax base.  
Further, the income from sale of the Notes accepted for trading on a regulated market or a similar foreign 
regulated market for at least one year shall be exempt from tax and that after one year from their acquisition, 
if the period between their admission to a regulated market or to a similar foreign regulated market and 
their sale exceeds one year. Such income from sale of the Notes is not exempt from tax if the Notes were 
included into business assets of the taxpayer. 
From the tax shall be exempt also the income from sale of Notes, options and income from derivative 
transactions derived from long-term investment savings after fulfillment of conditions set (determined) in 
the special act including income paid after 15 years from the beginning of long-term investment savings. 
Such income from sale is not exempt from tax if such Notes, options and income from the derivative 
transactions were included into business assets of the taxpayer. 
A loss from sale of Notes shall not be offset against gains from sale of Notes in the same fiscal period - 
only the expenses up to the amount of income shall be considered upon the calculation of the tax base. 
Under the specific conditions stated below, the full loss incurred may be considered as a tax deductible 
expense, these are:  
(i) 
bonds, the selling price of which is not lower by more than the interest accrued on the bonds and 
included in the tax base prior to the date of sale or the date of maturity of the bond; and 
(ii) 
for taxable persons who engage in trading with securities pursuant to special legislation, and which 
may deduct the expense of the acquisition of the securities up to the amount posted as their cost. 
Interest and capital gains from debt securities realised by a corporate Slovak Holder are taxable in the same 
way as the regular income of the corporate Slovak Holder. The revenue is to be included in a general tax 
base (or, if applicable, a partial tax base) of that corporate Slovak Holder for Slovak income tax purposes. 
Generally, no Slovak withholding tax shall apply to revenues from debt securities having their source in 
Slovakia (paid by Slovak tax resident or from foreign entity having permanent establishment in Slovakia). 
In the Slovak tax legislation there are two exceptions applicable. The withholding tax shall be imposed for 
the interest and capital gain flown to the corporate Slovak Holder which is not established for 
entrepreneurial purposes (e.g. non-profit organisations) or to the National Bank of Slovakia (Národná 
banka Slovenska). Further, the withholding tax shall be applicable for the interest (excluding the income 
from the government bonds and treasury bills and bills of exchange) which flown to the individuals. 
Withholding tax rate is set at 19 per cent. A 35 per cent withholding tax rate shall apply where the payment 
is made to a resident of non-contracting states (i.e. states with which the Slovak Republic concluded neither 
Double Taxation Avoidance Treaty nor Agreement on exchanging of information for tax purposes). 
Withholding tax shall not apply to respective interest and capital gains received by a Slovak Holder, from 
foreign sources.

--- Page 319 ---
318 
 
 
In accordance with the Double Taxation Avoidance Treaty concluded between Italy and Slovak Republic, 
any interest income which originates in one contracting state (Italy) to tax resident of other contracting state 
(Slovak Republic) shall be taxed only in this other contracting state (Slovak Republic), if this person is the 
final beneficiary of income. 
The above-mentioned provisions shall not apply if the beneficiary who has seat or place of residence in one 
contracting state (Slovak Republic), performs business activities by means of permanent establishment in 
other contracting state (Italy) and income is directly attributable to this permanent establishment. In such 
case the income shall be subject to tax only in the state of permanent establishment (Italy) in accordance 
with the local legislation. 
Health insurance contributions 
As a consequence of the extension of the base for calculation of health insurance contributions, revenues 
from the Notes held by an individual Slovak Holder who is mandatorily insured in the Slovak Republic 
health insurance scheme should be subject to health insurance contribution unless these are subject to 
withholding tax (income subject to withholding tax in Slovak Republic is excluded from calculation base 
for health insurance contributions). 
5. 
AUSTRIA  
The following is a general overview of certain Austrian tax aspects in connection with the Notes. It does 
not claim to fully describe all Austrian tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership, disposition or 
redemption of the Notes nor does it take into account the Noteholders' individual circumstances or any 
special tax treatment applicable to the Noteholder. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice. Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisors as to the particular 
tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership, disposition or redemption of the Notes. 
This overview is based on Austrian law as in force when drawing up this Prospectus. The laws and their 
interpretation by the tax authorities and tax courts may change and such changes may also have retroactive 
effect. It cannot be ruled out that the Austrian tax authorities adopt a view different from that outlined 
below.  
Individuals resident in Austria  
Income from the Notes derived by individuals, whose domicile or habitual abode is in Austria, is subject to 
Austrian income tax pursuant to the provisions of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). 
Interest income from the Notes is in general subject to a special income tax rate of 27.5% (exemptions may 
apply). The income tax for interest income generally constitutes a final taxation (Endbesteuerung) for 
individuals, irrespectively whether the Notes are held as private assets or as business assets. The Income 
will be subject to withholding tax if the Notes are kept or administrated by a paying agent (auszahlende 
Stelle) in Austria.  However, if the income is not subject to withholding tax deduction, the taxpayer will 
have to include the interest income derived from the Notes in his personal income tax return pursuant to 
the provisions of the Austrian Income Tax Act. 
Furthermore, any realized capital gain (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) from the Notes by 
individuals resident in Austria is subject to Austrian income tax at a rate of 27.5% (exemptions may apply). 
Realised capital gain means inter alia any income derived from the sale or redemption of the Notes. The 
tax base is, in general, the difference between the sale proceeds or the redemption amount and the 
acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest. Expenses which are directly connected with 
income subject to the special tax rate are not deductible. For Notes held as private assets, the acquisition

--- Page 320 ---
319 
 
 
costs shall not include incidental acquisition costs. The Income will again be subject to withholding tax if 
the Notes are kept or administrated in a custodial institution (depotführende Stelle) or paying agent 
(auszahlende Stelle) in Austria. If the income from the capital gain is not subject to withholding tax 
deduction, the taxpayer will have to include the interest income derived from the Notes in his personal 
income tax return pursuant to the provisions of the Austrian Income Tax Act. 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at source 
and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at source. 
Austrian corporations 
Corporations seated in Austria or whose place of management is in Austria are subject to corporate income 
tax at a tax rate of 25%. This includes income from notes and realized capital gains form Notes.  
If applicable, Austrian corporations holding Notes may declare exemption from withholding tax deduction 
by submitting a corresponding statement (Befreiungserklärung) to the Austrian custody bank and 
competent financial authority. With this statement the Austrian corporation has to declare its identity and 
has to confirm that the Notes are held as business assets. If such declaration is not submitted all income 
from the Notes will in general be subject to withholding tax deduction. Such withheld tax may be set off 
with the corporate income tax.   
Again, the Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at 
source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at source. 
Non-resident individuals  
Income derived from the Notes by individuals who do not have a domicile or their habitual abode within 
the European Union – in case they receive income or capital gains from the Notes through a securities 
depository or payment agent located in Austria – are in principle subject to Austrian limited tax liability 
but the individual may be eligible to apply for a refund to on Austrian withholding tax on the basis of 
applicable double taxation treaties or similar agreements. 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at source 
and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at source. 
Non-resident (foreign) corporations 
Corporations who do not have their seat or place of management in Austria are subject to Austrian limited 
corporate income tax liability (non-resident taxation). 
Income including capital gains derived from the Notes by corporations who do not have their corporate seat 
or their place of management in Austria ("non-residents") is in general not taxable in Austria provided that 
the income is not attributable to an Austrian permanent establishment. The corporation may be eligible to 
apply for a refund to on Austrian withholding tax on the basis of applicable double taxation treaties or 
similar agreements.  
Again, the Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at 
source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of withholding tax deductions at source. 
6. 
HUNGARY 
The following is a general discussion of certain Hungarian tax consequences relating to the acquisition

--- Page 321 ---
320 
 
 
and ownership of Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific 
facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is based on laws currently in force in 
Hungary and applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, but subject to change, possibly with 
retrospective effect. The acquisition of Notes by non-Hungarian holders, or the payment of interest under 
Notes may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of the relevant holder, which is not 
covered by this summary, but where the provisions of the treaties on the avoidance of double taxation 
should be taken into consideration. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax 
advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the 
effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Hungary and each country of which they are 
residents. 
Taxation of Hungarian resident individual holders 
The Act CXVII of 1995 on Personal Income Tax (the Personal Income Tax Act) applies to the tax liability 
of Hungarian and foreign private individuals. The tax liability of Hungarian resident private individuals 
covers the worldwide income of such persons. 
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of individual holders, interest 
income (Interest Income) - among others - is the income paid as interest and the capital gains realised 
upon the redemption or the sale of publicly offered and publicly traded debt securities (with the exception 
of the sale of collective investment securities on the Hungarian stock market and the stock market of any 
EEA or OECD state). Notes should qualify as debt securities. Notes listed on a regulated market of an EEA 
member state are considered publicly offered and traded Notes. The personal income tax of 15 per cent will 
be withheld by the Payor (kifizető) (for the definition of Payor, please see below) on the Interest Income. 
In the absence of a Payor, the individual is obliged to assess, report and pay the taxes on Interest Income. 
 
The proceeds paid on privately placed Notes which are not listed on a regulated market of an EEA member 
state are considered as other income (Other Income) which is taxable at a rate of 15 per cent (and may be 
subject to uncapped social tax of 13 per cent, as well). 
The capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of such Notes is considered, as a general rule, capital 
gains income (Capital Gains Income). The tax rate applicable to Capital Gains Income is 15 per cent, 
while the rate of social tax on the basis of Capital Gains Income realised by Hungarian resident individuals 
is 13 per cent. For this purpose, the aggregate annual upper threshold of the social tax amount is 13 per cent 
of 24 times the all-time effective minimum wage in Hungary (which means HUF 624,000 annual social tax 
cap calculated based on the 2022 minimum wage amount effective in Hungary).  
Proceeds realised on CDIs may qualify as Other Income. Overall, capital gains realised on the sale of such 
CDIs should qualify as Capital Gains Income.  
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement upon the 
Payor to withhold tax on the interest payments to individual holders. In certain circumstances, Act LII of 
2018 on Social Tax also imposes a requirement on the Payor to withhold social tax on payments provided 
to private individuals which are subject to health care contribution. 
Pursuant to the Act CL of 2017 on Rules of Taxation the definition of a Payor covers a Hungarian resident 
legal person, other organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) provides taxable income, irrespective 
of whether such payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In 
respect of interest, Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment 
service provider or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of revenues originating 
from a transaction concluded with the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such 
stockbroker. In respect of income that is earned in a foreign country and taxable in Hungary, Payor shall 
mean the "paying agent" (megbízott) (legal person, organisation or private entrepreneur) having tax

--- Page 322 ---
321 
 
 
residency in Hungary, except in cases where the role of a financial institution is limited to performing the 
bank transfer or payment. 
In addition, for personal income tax purposes Payor means the Hungarian resident credit institution agent 
which provides taxable income in connection with the service provision of the foreign person/entity 
performed in Hungary. 
Personal Income Tax Rate  
The personal income tax rate is 15 per cent.   
Taxation of Hungarian resident corporate holders 
Under Act LXXXI of 1996 on Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax (the Corporation Tax Act), Hungarian 
resident taxpayers have a full, all-inclusive tax liability. In general, resident entities are those established 
under the laws of Hungary (i.e. having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place of 
management in Hungary are also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. 
In general, interest and capital gains realised by Hungarian resident corporate holders on Notes will be 
taxable in the same way as the regular income of the relevant holders.  
The corporate tax rate is 9 per cent (flat rate). Financial institutions, financial enterprises, insurance 
companies and investment enterprises may be subject to local business tax, innovation tax and sectoral 
taxes on the basis of the proceeds realised on Notes. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident corporate holders) 
Tax liability of non-resident corporate entities arises if the non-resident corporate entity holds the Notes via 
the Hungarian permanent establishment (limited tax liability).  
7. 
CROATIA  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Croatia as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and/or entry into force of any relevant law occurring 
after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision 
to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or 
commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their interest in the Notes.   
Taxation of individuals 
Tax obligor is a natural person - income earner and heir to all tax obligations arising from income earned 
by the decedent until his death. The heir is at the same time tax obligor to income accrued from inherited 
sources of income.  
Taxable sources of income are: 
 
(i) 
income from salaried employment, 
(ii) 
income from self-employment, 
(iii) 
income from property and property rights, 
(iv) 
income from capital, 
(v) 
other income. 
 
Resident is a natural person whose residence or habitual abode is in the Republic of Croatia. Resident is 
also a natural person not having the place of residence or habitual abode in the Republic of Croatia and is 
employed with a governmental office of the Republic of Croatia and receives salary on that basis.

--- Page 323 ---
322 
 
 
Non-resident is a natural person not having the place of residence or habitual abode in the Republic of 
Croatia and earning income in the Republic of Croatia which is taxable according to the Croatian Income 
Tax Act. 
Taxable basis i.e. tax base: 
a. 
for a resident is the total amount of income gained from salaried employment, self-
employment, property and property rights, capital and other income gained by the resident in 
the country and abroad (world income principle) less resident's personal allowance, 
b. 
for a non-resident is the total amount of income from salaried employment, self-employment, 
property and property rights, capital and other income gained by the non-resident in the country 
(domicile land principle) less non-resident's personal allowance. 
With respect to income gained by non-resident natural persons in capacity of performers (artists, 
entertainers, athletes), there is no obligation to charge, withhold and pay income tax advance or income tax 
when compensation for their performances is paid to a foreign person, which is not a legal person, pursuant 
to an agreement with such foreign person, i.e. such compensation is taxable according to withholding tax 
provisions. 
Income from capital are deemed receipts from interests, withdrawals of assets and use of services charged 
against income of the current period, capital gains and shares in profit realised from allocation or option 
purchase of treasury shares, which are realised in the tax period, including dividends and shares in profit 
on the basis of shares in capital. 
Croatian Income Tax Act provides wide list of earnings from interests being subject to taxation (at 
applicable rate as provided for in the Croatian Income Tax Act), including those realized under a) interests 
payable on securities (vrijednosni papiri), b) interest on EUR and foreign savings, c) interests realized on 
the basis of granted loans and facilities and d) revenues realized based on division of income of an 
investment fund in form of interest, if they are not taxed as profit shares on the basis of distribution of profit 
or income of an investment fund. However, the Croatian Income Tax Act provides for explicit statutory 
exemption, among others in case of default interest and interest realised through investment in the notes 
(being obveznice under applicable Croatian laws), regardless of the issuer and type of notes. As no guidance 
has been published by the Croatian Tax Authorities, potential interpretation of the said provisions by the 
Croatian Tax Authorities cannot be assessed. 
As of 1 January 2016, pursuant to the Croatian Income Tax Act, capital income on the basis of capital gain 
represents a difference between the agreed selling price, i.e. revenue determined based on the market value 
of financial assets being disposed of and the purchase value.  
Within the meaning of the foregoing paragraph, the following revenues are considered as revenues realized 
by disposal of financial assets (financial instruments and structured products), i.e. receipts from: (i) 
transferable securities (vrijednosni papiri) and structured products, including shares in companies and other 
associations whose shares may be disposed of similarly as shares in companies; (ii) money market 
instruments; (iii) units of joint ventures; (iv) derivatives; and/or (v) proportional value of liquidation estate 
in case of liquidation of an investment fund and other revenues realized from ownership shares in case of 
liquidation, cessation or withdrawal.  
Within the meaning of the foregoing paragraphs, disposal of financial assets means sale, exchange, gift or 
other transfer, however does not include: (i) transfer of share from one pension fund to another; (ii) 
exchange of securities (vrijednosni papiri) with the equivalent securities of the same issuer, whereby the 
ratios among the holders and capital of issuer are not altered, as well as exchange of securities (vrijednosni 
papiri), i.e. financial instruments with other securities (vrijednosni papiri) or financial instruments, and 
acquisition of securities (vrijednosni papiri) or financial instruments in case of change of status changes, 
provided that in all these cases there is no cash flow and the sequence of acquisition of financial property 
is ensured (acquisition value shall be considered the value determined on the date of first acquisition of 
financial property); (iii) division of stocks of the same issuer, whereupon the share capital shall not be

--- Page 324 ---
323 
 
 
altered and there shall be no cash flow; (iv) exchange of shares among the investment sub-funds under the 
same umbrella fund, i.e. exchange of shares among the investment funds managed by the same management 
company, provided that the sequence of acquisition of financial property is ensured (acquisition value shall 
be considered the value determined on the date of first acquisition of financial property); and/or (v) 
repurchase of shares of the Croatian War Veterans’ Fund. 
Capital income from revenues from joint ventures shall be determined in the amount of realized yield, 
decreased for costs of management of investments, i.e. costs of management of investment fund assets (net 
yield), i.e. in case of discounted securities (vrijednosni papiri) and zero-coupon bonds, in the amount of 
difference between the purchase value at the moment of issue and realized value at maturity if the purchaser 
holds the security until its maturity. Capital income on the basis of capital gains realized through the 
investment of financial assets into portfolios, in line with the regulations applicable for capital markets, 
shall be determined in the moment of realization of yield from the portfolio decreased by the costs of 
portfolio management (net yield). 
Capital income on the basis of capital gains shall not be taxed if disposal has been made between the spouses 
and first-degree relatives and other members of immediate family (as defined in the Croatian Income Tax 
Act), between the divorced spouses if disposal is in immediate connection with the divorce, inheritance of 
financial assets and if financial assets are disposed of after two years from the date of purchase, i.e. 
acquisition of the same. 
If financial assets were acquired as a gift and disposed of in a period of two years from the date of 
acquisition, the person disposing the assets shall be determined the capital income in line with the Croatian 
Income Tax Act.  
Capital losses may be deducted only from the income from capital gains which is realized in the same 
calendar year. Capital losses may be stated up to the amount of the tax basis. 
Capital income realized in a foreign currency shall be calculated in EUR counter value by application of 
the middle exchange rate of the Croatian National Bank on the day of payment. 
Specifically, as income from capital are deemed capital gains and gains from dividends and profit sharing 
on the basis of shares in capital and are taxed at the rate of 10%. Dividends and profit sharings on the basis 
of shares in capital are taxable at source. The obligor of calculation, withholding and payment of tax for 
capital gains is: 
(i) 
 the tax obligor acquirer of revenue from the country or from the abroad, if not provided to the 
contrary by an international treaty (or the company managing financial assets of the tax obligor or 
Central Depository and Clearing Company); 
(ii) 
for income from capital based on disposal of share in capital, a tax obligor and;  
(iii) 
a person disposing of financial assets in case of financial assets was acquired as a gift and disposed 
of in a period of two years from the date of acquisition.  
The company, payer of dividends or shares in profit is obliged to assess, withhold and pay tax 
simultaneously with the payment of dividends or profit. It should be noted that on top of income tax the 
income tax surcharge is levied which is defined in the city or municipal regulations depending on the place 
of residence or habitual abode of the tax obligor. The tax basis for surcharge tax is the assessed income tax 
and the payer of the receipts is obliged to assess, withhold and prepay tax simultaneously with the payment 
of receipts.  
If the resident receives income from capital from abroad without a local intermediary, he is obliged to pay 
tax at the applicable tax rate. In a situation where the tax payer chose that Central Depository and Clearing 
Company shall keep records, calculate income and income tax and report to tax authorities thereof, he is 
obliged to deliver all data necessary for determination of income tax to Central Depository and Clearing 
Company.

--- Page 325 ---
324 
 
 
The general tax rules outlined above apply to the extent there are no limitations imposed under applicable 
double tax treaties. Source taxation may be obviated or reduced pursuant to the terms of an applicable 
double taxation treaty under the conditions as provided for in the applicable tax legislation. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
In accordance with Local Taxes Act and subject to any applicable double taxation treaty, any natural person 
or legal entity who inherits or receives gifts (including securities) with individual value higher than EUR 
6,636.14 in the Republic of Croatia is under an obligation to pay Croatian tax in respect of such inheritance 
or gift at a rate of 4%. Certain exemptions with respect to application of the aforestated tax are available in 
line with the Local Taxes Act. 
EU Savings Directive 
EU Savings Directive has been incorporated in the earlier version of the Croatian General Tax Act and has 
come into force on 1st July 2013. The EU Savings Directive has been repealed by Council Directive (EU) 
2015/2060 of 10 November 2015 which came into force on 1st January 2017. This Directive has not been 
transposed in any particular legislation act in Croatia. 
No gross-up for taxes withheld 
Purchasers of the Notes should note that neither the Issuer nor any other person will assume any liability 
for taxes withheld from payments under the Notes, nor make any additional payments in regard of these 
taxes, i.e. no gross-up will apply if a withholding tax is imposed. 
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized financial 
transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the Notes. 
Taxation of corporations 
Corporate (profit) tax obligors are: 
(i) 
companies and other legal entities and natural persons residing in the Republic of Croatia that are 
self-employed and perform economic operations permanently and for the purpose of making the 
profit, income or revenues or other valuable commercial benefits;    
(ii) 
local business units of a foreign entrepreneur (non-resident); 
(iii) 
a natural person determining income in a manner prescribed for self-employment according to 
income tax regulations or natural person commencing with self-employment if he/she declares that 
he/she will pay corporate (profit) tax instead of income tax;   
(iv) 
a natural person, determining income in a manner prescribed for self-employment according to 
income tax regulations or natural person commencing with self-employment   if the total turnover in 
the previous tax period exceeded EUR 995,421.06, or  
(v) 
exceptionally, government administration bodies, regional self-administration bodies, local self-
administration bodies, Croatian National Bank, institutions of regional self-administration units, 
institutions of local self-administration units, state institutes, religious communities, political parties, 
trade unions, chambers, associations, artists associations, voluntary fire-fighting societies, technical 
culture communities, tourist communities, sports clubs, sports societies and associations, trusts and 
funds, if they perform commercial activities whose non-taxation would lead to unjustified 
advantages on the market (they are subject to corporate (profit) tax for such commercial activities). 
The tax authority will at own initiative or at the proposal of other tax obligors declare in its decision 
that the above stated persons are obliged to pay corporate (profit) tax for such commercial activities; 
(vi) 
each entrepreneur and his legal successor not counted to entrepreneurs counted in items (i) through 
(v) who is not an income tax obligor according to the income tax regulations and whose profit is not 
taxable elsewhere.

--- Page 326 ---
325 
 
 
The tax base shall be the profit determined pursuant to the accounting regulations as the difference between 
revenues and expenditures before the profit tax assessment, increased and reduced in accordance with the 
provisions of Croatian Profit Tax Act. The tax base of a resident taxpayer shall be the profit earned in 
Croatia and abroad and the tax base of a non-resident shall only be the profit earned in Croatia which shall 
be assessed in accordance with the provisions of Croatian Profit Tax Act. Income from the liquidation or 
other procedure by which the payer terminates operations in accordance with special regulations, income 
from sale, changes in the legal form and division of the payer is included in the tax base, and the tax base 
is determined according to the market value of the assets, unless otherwise provided by Croatian Profit Tax 
Act.  
Withholding tax obligors are payers of interests (certain exemptions available under the Croatian Profit Tax 
Act), dividends, shares in profit, royalties for copyrights and other intellectual property rights (copyrights, 
patents, licences, trademarks, designs or models, production processes, production formulae, drawings, 
plans, industrial or scientific experience and similar rights) to foreign persons other than natural persons 
and paying for market research services, tax and business consulting or audit services to foreign persons 
and paying any other kinds of services paid to persons having their registered seats or places of actual 
administration or supervision in countries deemed tax havens or financial centres other than EU Member 
States and countries with which the Republic of Croatia entered into and applies double tax treaties and 
which are included in the List of Countries issued by the Finance Minister and published on web pages of 
the Ministry of Finance and Tax Administration. 
In case of withholding tax the subject of taxation is the gross amount of payment paid by a payer in the 
country to a non-resident - foreign recipient. 
Corporate (profit) tax rate is 10% if the income of the obligor in the tax period amounts to EUR 995,421.06 
and 18% if the income of the obligor in the tax period is equal or over the amount of  EUR 995,421.06, 
withholding tax rate is 15%, except for dividends and shares in profit for which the withholding tax rate is 
10%, and 20% for all kinds of services paid to persons having their registered seat or place of actual 
administration or supervision in countries deemed tax havens or financial centres other than EU member 
states and countries with which the Republic of Croatia entered into and applies double tax treaties and 
which are included in the List of Countries issued by the Finance Minister and published on web pages of 
the Ministry of Finance and Tax Administration. 
Croatian withholding tax can be reduced under an effective double tax treaty.  
Finally, Council Directive 2003/49/EC of 3 June 2003 on a common system of taxation applicable to 
interest and royalty payments made between associated companies of different Member States, the Council 
Directive 90/435/EEC on the common system of taxation applicable in the case of parent companies and 
subsidiaries of different Member States and Council Directive 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 as regards hybrid 
mismatches with third countries, have been transposed to Croatian legal system  through Profit Tax Act.  
8. 
BELGIUM 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to consult their own advisors as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposal of securities, including the effect of any taxes under Belgian law. The 
present does not claim nor purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations related to 
the acquisition, holding and disposal of Notes. It does not take into account the specific circumstances of 
particular holders of Notes, some of which may be subject to special rules, or the tax laws of any country 
other than Belgium.Furthermore, this description is based on current legislation, published case law and 
other published guidelines and regulations as in force at the date of this document, which are subject to 
future amendments, which may or may not have retroactive effect. The characterization of income gathered 
from Notes as interest or dividend income, will depend on the specific type of Security and the specific 
circumstances in which the income is gathered. It is therefore strongly recommended that (prospective) 
holders of Notes seek advice from their tax advisors on the basis of such and other relevant elements.

--- Page 327 ---
326 
 
 
Belgian income taxes regarding Notes 
Belgian resident individual private investor 
The following tax treatment applies to individual Belgian residents who are subject to Belgian personal 
income tax (Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques) and hold Notes as a private investment. 
Other rules can however apply when Notes are linked to such investor's professional activity or when the 
individual's transactions with respect to the Notes fall outside the scope of the normal management of his 
private estate. 
If interest or dividend income is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent, 
the income received (after deduction of any foreign withholding tax) has to be declared in the Belgian 
investor’s personal income tax return and will be taxed at a rate of 30%.  
The payment will be subject to Belgian withholding tax of in principle 30%, if it is collected through a 
Belgian paying agent. Such taxation may be final and the Belgian individual doesn't need to report that 
income in his personal income tax return.  
Capital gains realised on the disposal of Notes should as a rule be tax exempt, unless they qualify as interest. 
Capital losses realised upon the disposal of Notes held as non-professional investment are in principle not 
tax deductible.  
Tax treatment in the hands of Belgian corporations 
Belgian corporations that are subject to Belgian Corporate Income Tax (Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des 
sociétés) and that do not qualify for a special corporate tax regime (e.g. Sicavs, pension funds etc.) are 
subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Notes. 
Income derived by Belgian corporate investors on the Notes and capital gains on the Notes will generally 
be subject to Belgian corporate income tax of in principle 25%. Furthermore, subject to certain conditions, 
small and medium-sized companies are taxable at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% for the first 
income band of EUR 100,000.  
Belgian resident companies can generally (subject to certain limitations) deduct 100% of gross dividends 
received from their taxable income (dividend received deduction), provided that certain subject-to-tax and 
holding conditions are met.  
As a general rule, Belgian withholding tax is due by the Belgian paying agent (if any), e.g. a Belgian bank 
which acts as an intermediary during the pay-out of the income. Certain exemptions may apply. When 
Belgian withholding tax is levied, such withholding tax is creditable against the corporate income tax due 
and reimbursable provided that the legal requirements for creditability are met.    
Other legal entities 
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes and that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales) are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Notes. 
Payments of income on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 
30% withholding tax in Belgium. If Belgian withholding tax has been withheld, the income will in principle 
not be taxed further. If the interest payment is collected abroad without Belgian withholding tax, the 
investor is required to declare this income and to pay the 30% income tax on their own initiative. 
Capital gains realized on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gain qualifies 
as interest. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible.

--- Page 328 ---
327 
 
 
Special tax regimes 
Under Belgian tax law, a number of entities such as qualifying pension funds and qualifying investment 
companies enjoy a special tax regime, whereby income out of investments (such as interest income and 
capital gains) is not taken into account for determining the taxable basis. 
Non-resident investors 
Investors who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes, are not holding the Notes through a 
Belgian establishment, and do not invest the Notes in the course of their Belgian professional activity, will 
in principle not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains (save as the case may 
be, in the form of a 30% withholding tax, subject to such relief as may be available under applicable 
domestic and tax treaty provisions).  
Where the withholding tax is due, it is due by the Belgian company attributing the relevant income, or in 
the absence thereof, a Belgian paying agent (e.g. Belgian bank) provided it acts as an intermediary during 
the pay-out of the income. Certain exemptions may however apply. If the income is not attributed by a 
Belgian company, and it is not collected through a financial institution or other intermediary established in 
Belgium, no Belgian withholding tax should be due. 
The non-resident companies or professionals who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in 
Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident 
companies or Belgian professionals. 
Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions 
The Belgian Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions is only due on transactions relating to existing Notes 
(secondary market transactions). No such tax is due upon the issuance of new Notes (primary market 
transactions). 
The attribution of already existing Notes to the investors or the transfer for consideration of Notes on the 
secondary market may trigger the Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions if (i) it is executed in Belgium 
through a professional intermediary, or (ii) if it is deemed to be executed in Belgium, which is the case if 
the order is, directly or indirectly, made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, 
either by private individuals with habitual residence in Belgium, or by legal entities for the account of their 
head office or establishment in Belgium. 
Depending on the characteristics of the Security, the tax will be due on each sale and acquisition separately 
at the rate of 0.12% (capped at EUR 1.300), 0,35% (capped at EUR 1.600) or 1,32% (capped at EUR 4.000). 
The Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions is due by each party to the transaction and both taxes are collected 
by the professional intermediary. However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax 
will in principle be due by the ordering private individual or legal entity, unless that individual or entity can 
demonstrate that the tax has already been paid.  
Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium can, subject to certain conditions 
and formalities, appoint a Belgian representative for tax purposes, which will be liable for the payment of 
the Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions in respect of the transactions executed through the professional 
intermediary. 
The Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account. This includes non-resident holders of Notes - provided that they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status - and certain Belgian institutional investors 
as defined in article 126.1, 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties. 
Tax on securities accounts

--- Page 329 ---
328 
 
 
A 0.15% annual subscription tax is due on a securities account if the average value of the taxable securities 
(all types of financial securities are in scope, as well as the cash held on such account) held in the securities 
account amounts to more than euro 1.000.000 during a reference period ("Tax on Securities Accounts"). 
The reference period is a period of 12 consecutive months starting on 1 October and ending on 30 
September of the following year. The euro 1.000.000 threshold is assessed on the average value of the 
assets in the securities account at four reference points within the reference period (31 December, 31 March, 
30 June and 30 September). 
The subscription tax may apply to a securities account held by a resident or non-resident investor, 
irrespective of the capacity of the account holder (individual, company,…). For Belgian resident investors, 
all securities accounts with taxable securities that meet the threshold are in scope, irrespective of where the 
financial intermediary is located, while securities accounts held by non-resident investors will only be 
subject to the tax in case these securities accounts are held with financial intermediaries incorporated or 
established in Belgium or with a branch in Belgium. 
If the securities accounts are held with financial intermediaries incorporated or established in Belgium or 
with foreign financial intermediaries which have appointed a responsible representative in Belgium, the 
financial intermediaries will be obliged to file the annual subscription tax return on behalf of the investors 
and will be liable towards the Belgian Treasury to pay the tax due on the securities accounts. If the foreign 
intermediary did not appoint a representative in Belgium, the investors must submit their own subscription 
tax return and will thus be liable for the payment of the tax due. 
Financial Transactions Tax 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transactions 
tax ("FTT"). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member 
States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT or VAT as provided 
in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax. 
For Belgium, the Tax on Stock Exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into 
force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore 
may be changed at any time. 
Gift tax and inheritance tax  
Belgian tax legislation provides both gift tax and inheritance tax.  
The rates vary depending on the Region in which the donator or the deceased has/had his residence 
(Brussels Region, Flemish Region, Walloon Region). 
9. 
PORTUGAL  
The following discussion is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is 
based on the laws presently in force in Portugal, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed 
as being, legal or tax advice. This section does not constitute a complete description of all the tax issues 
that may be relevant in making the decision to invest in the Notes or of all the tax consequences that may 
derive from the subscription, acquisition, holding, transfer, redemption or reimbursement of the Notes and 
does not purport to describe the tax consequences applicable to categories of investors subject to special 
tax rules. Holders of and prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisors as to the 
Portuguese and any other tax consequences that may be involved in acquiring, holding, redeeming, selling 
or gratuitously transferring the Notes. 
Noteholder's Income Tax

--- Page 330 ---
329 
 
 
Income generated by the holding, distributions and disposal of the Notes is generally subject to the 
Portuguese tax regime for debt representative securities (obrigações). 
Economic benefits derived from interest, amortisation, reimbursement premiums and other types of 
remuneration arising from the Notes are designated as investment income for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Economic benefits derived from the disposal of the Notes (e.g. reimbursement or disposal) may qualify as 
capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Withholding tax arising from the Notes 
Payments of principal on the Notes to corporate entities or to individuals are not subject to Portuguese 
withholding tax. For these purposes, principal shall mean all payments carried out without any remuneration 
component. 
The Issuer, being a non-resident entity, is not responsible for the Portuguese withholding tax, whenever 
applicable, on interest payments arising from the Notes. 
Corporate Income Tax (CIT) (Corporate entities) 
Under current Portuguese law, investment income and capital gains in respect of the Notes made to 
Portuguese tax resident companies are included in their taxable income and are subject to a corporate tax 
rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise as established in Decree-Law 
no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to € 50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits 
in excess thereof. A municipal surcharge (“derrama municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. may also be due 
over the Noteholders taxable profits, depending on the municipality where the company operates. Corporate 
taxpayers with a taxable income of more than € 1,500,000 are also subject to a state surcharge ("derrama 
estadual") rate of (i) 3 per cent. due on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to 
€7,500,000; (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to € 35,000,000, and 
(iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds € 35,000,000. 
Personal Income Tax (PIT) (Individuals) 
(i) 
Investment income 
Investment income derived by Portuguese tax resident individuals on the Notes is subject to personal 
income tax which shall be withheld at the current final withholding rate of 28 per cent, if there is a 
Portuguese resident paying agent, unless the individual elects to aggregate this income to his taxable 
income, in which case tax at progressive personal income tax rates of up to 48 per cent will apply. If this 
election is made, an additional income tax rate will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, 
and (ii) 5 per cent on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding €250,000. In this case, 
any tax withheld is deemed a payment on account on the final tax due. Investment income paid or made 
available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of one or more 
unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant 
beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such 
beneficial owner(s) will apply. Investment income paid or made available to individuals established in 
countries listed as non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes in Portugal, as prescribed under the 
Portuguese ministerial order of the Minister of Finance no. 150/2004, of February 13, 2004, is subject to a 
final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent.

--- Page 331 ---
330 
 
 
Investment income payments due by non-resident entities to Portuguese tax resident individuals are subject 
to an autonomous taxation at a rate of 28 per cent (or 35 per cent if paid or made available by entities 
established in countries listed as non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes in Portugal, as prescribed 
above) whenever those payments are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, unless the individual elects 
to aggregate this income to his taxable income, in which case progressive personal income tax rates of up 
to 48 per cent will apply. An additional income tax rate will be due on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to 
€250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding €250,000.  
(ii) 
Capital gains 
As of January 1, 2023, the treatment of capital gains from the disposal or reimbursement of Notes (among 
other capital gains) derived by Portuguese tax residents suffered material changes and short-term net capital 
gains from these operations (defined as those arising from Notes held for less than 365 days) are currently 
subject to progressive PIT rates, provided that the taxpayer has a taxable income (including such net capital 
gains) in excess of the amount subject to the last PIT bracket (currently, annual amount of €78,834).  
The progressive rates range from 14.5% up to 48%. In addition, as mentioned above, a solidarity surcharge 
of 2.5% applies on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and of 5% on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €250,000.  
For capital gains derived from the disposal or reimbursement of Notes for more than 365 days or held by 
taxpayers that do not fall in the last bracket mentioned, a flat 28% rate would apply, unless the individuals 
resident in Portugal elect to include the income in their taxable income in which case the progressive rates 
mentioned above will apply. 
There is no Portuguese withholding tax on capital gains. 
Implementation of EU Savings Directive in Portugal 
Portugal has implemented the EC Council Directive 2003/48/EC of 3 June 2003 on taxation of savings 
income into the Portuguese law through Decree-Law no 62/2005, of 11 March, 2005, as amended by Law 
no 39-A/2005, of 29 July, and by Law no. 37/2010, of 2 September. 
10. 
EUROPEAN FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission Proposal), for a 
Directive for a common financial transaction tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued

--- Page 332 ---
331 
 
 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide 
to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
11. 
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
The Common Reporting Standard 
The common reporting standard ("CRS") framework was first released by the OECD in February 2014 as 
a result of the G20 members endorsing a global model of automatic exchange of information in order to 
increase international tax transparency.  
On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters 
was published by the OECD and this includes the CRS. The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual 
automatic exchange between governments of financial account information reported to them by local 
reporting financial institutions (as defined) ("FIs") relating to account holders who are tax resident in other 
participating jurisdictions. 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Co-operation in the Field of Taxation (as amended by 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU) ("DAC II") implements the CRS in a European context and creates a 
mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange financial information in respect of residents 
in other EU Member States on an annual basis which commenced in 2017 in respect of the 2016 calendar 
year (or from 2018 in the case of Austria). 
At present, over 100 jurisdictions have publicly committed to implement the CRS, with 49 committed to 
exchange from September 2017, a further 52 taking up exchanges in September 2018, and a further 7 taking 
up exchanges by 2019/2020. 
The Issuer (or any nominated service provider) will agree that information (including the identity any 
Noteholder) supplied for the purposes of CRS and DAC II compliance is intended for the purposes of 
satisfying CRS and DAC II requirements and the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) will agree, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, that it will take reasonable steps to treat such information in a 
confidential manner, except that the Issuer may disclose such information (i) to its officers, directors, agents 
and advisors, (ii) to the extent reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with tax matters, including 
achieving CRS and DAC II compliance, (iii) to any person with the consent of the applicable Noteholder 
or (iv) as otherwise required by law or court order or on the advice of its advisors. 
12. 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING 
The Issuer and other financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made may be required 
to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all, or a portion of, "foreign passthru payments" (a term not 
yet defined) made two years after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the 
term “foreign passthru payment”, or later. This withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect 
of (i) any Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued after the "grandfathering date," which is the date that is 
six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term foreign passthru 
payment are filed with the Federal Register, or are issued on or before the grandfathering date and are 
materially modified thereafter, and (ii) any Notes characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term

--- Page 333 ---
332 
 
 
for U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever issued. If Notes are issued on or before the grandfathering date, 
and additional Notes of the same series are issued after that date, the additional Notes may not be treated 
as grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the existing Notes, including a negative 
impact on market price. 
While the Notes are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is not expected that FATCA 
will affect the amount of any payment received by the clearing systems. However, FATCA may affect 
payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate 
investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. FATCA also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution not 
entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide 
its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, 
other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA 
withholding. Investors should choose their custodians and intermediaries with care (to ensure each is 
compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or 
intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such 
custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer’s obligations under 
the Notes are discharged once it has paid the common safekeeper or common depositary, for the clearing 
systems (as bearer or registered holder of the Notes) and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any 
amount thereafter transmitted through the hands of the clearing systems and custodians or intermediaries. 
The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Notes may go into definitive form and 
therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing systems. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA 
compliant holder could be subject to FATCA withholding. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from payments on the 
Notes, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the conditions of the 
Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. As a 
result, investors may receive a lesser amount than expected. Holders of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers for a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may apply to payments they receive 
under the Notes. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Notes, and investors in the Notes is 
uncertain at this time. The application of FATCA to "foreign passthough payments" on the Notes or to 
Notes issued or materially modified after the grandfathering date may be addressed in the relevant Final 
Terms or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, as applicable.  
On 10 January 2014, representatives of the Governments of Italy and the United States signed an 
intergovernmental agreement to implement FATCA in Italy (the "IGA"), which entered into force on 1st 
July 2014. The IGA ratification law entered into force on 8 July 2015. Under these rules, the Issuer, as a 
reporting financial institution, will be required to collect and report certain information in repect of its 
account holders and investors to the Italian tax authorities, which would automatically exchange such 
information periodically with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.  
13. 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT PAYMENTS 
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the Code imposing a withholding tax on certain 
“dividend equivalents” under certain “equity linked instruments” exclude from their scope instruments 
issued before calendar year 2021 that do not have a “delta of one” with respect to underlying securities that 
could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes (each an “Underlying Security”). 
Subject to this pre-2021 exemption, Section 871(m) of the Code will apply to a financial instrument (a 
"Specified Security") if it meets either (i) a "delta" test, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) a "substantial 
equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. Section 871(m) of the Code provides certain exceptions to

--- Page 334 ---
333 
 
 
this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet 
requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, as well as instruments that track such indices. 
If the terms of a financial instrument issued before calendar year 2021 (that is exempt from withholding 
under Section 871(m) of the Code) are "significantly modified" sometime after calendar year 2020 such 
that the financial instrument is treated as retired and reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it will 
lose this exemption. Section 871(m) of the Code is complex and its application may depend on your 
particular circumstances, including whether you enter into other transactions with respect to an Underlying 
Security. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) of the 
Code to the Notes.

--- Page 335 ---
334 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
In respect of a Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme, a Manager or Managers (if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) or any other person or persons may enter into an agreement with the Issuer 
setting out the basis on which such Notes are to be purchased or subscribed. It is expected that any such 
Manager(s) or person(s) will agree to comply with the restrictions and agreements set out below (provided 
that references to "Manager" in the text below shall be read to refer to "person" as appropriate). 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors” as “Not 
applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") (each, a Relevant 
Member State), each Manager has represented and agreed that, and each further Manager appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that relevant Member State (a Non-
exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of 
that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Manager or 
Managers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Manager 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes, and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") as amended.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except  in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the

--- Page 336 ---
335 
 
 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of the Notes 
in the United States. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and U.S. 
Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager of an issue of Notes will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by such Manager or, in 
the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
The Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer 
to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
In addition, each issuance of Notes may be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer 
and the relevant Manager may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional 
selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors" as 
"Not applicable", each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA or in the specified jurisdictions only. For the purposes of this provision: 
a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); or 
iv) a retail client within the meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation 
of the specified jurisdiction outside the EEA; and

--- Page 337 ---
336 
 
 
b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA). The Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
The Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager will be required to represent and agree that it will (to 
the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Manager shall 
have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Manager represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager will be required to comply 
with such other restrictions as the Issuer and the Manager(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 338 ---
337 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The set up of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 5 May 2020. 
Listing, Approval and admission to trading  
Application has been made to the CSSF, in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Law 
2019, which implements the Prospectus Regulation, to approve this document as a base prospectus. The 
CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial opportuneness of the transactions set out 
under this Programme or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in compliance with the provisions of article 
6(4) of the Prospectus Law 2019. Application has also been made to the Luxemburg Stock Exchange for 
Notes issued under the Programme (i) to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; 
and (ii) to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market and the EuroMTF. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The EuroMTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, but it is subject to the supervision of 
the CSSF. 
Notes may be issued under the Programme which are not listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or market or trading venues or Notes may be 
issued which are listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other stock exchange or markets 
or trading venues as the Issuer may specify in the applicable Final Terms. After the Issue Date, application 
may be made to list the Notes on other stock exchanges or regulated markets or to admit to trading on other 
trading venues as the Issuer may decide. 
Documents available for inspection 
In addition to the availability of the Base Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein in 
electronic form as set out below, for so long as the Programme remains valid with the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, the following documents 
(translated into English, where applicable) may be obtained by the public during normal business hours at 
the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent and at the registered offices of the Issuer, namely: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements to this Base Prospectus (together with any prospectuses 
published in connection with any future updates in respect of the Base Prospectus) and any other 
information incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(b) 
a certified copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Operating and Procedure Memorandum; 
(e) 
any Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
(f) 
any supplemental agreement prepared and published in connection with the Programme; and

--- Page 339 ---
338 
 
 
(g) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion on each such 
framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any public reporting by or on behalf of 
Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Climate 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, from time to time published by Intesa Sanpaolo, 
will be available in the investor relations section on the website of Intesa Sanpaolo. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second 
party opinion or public reporting are incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating 
to the Notes which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each 
document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(https://www.luxse.com), and at the following website: www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com.  
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to the Notes will 
remain published on the Issuer's website (www.intesasanpaolo.prodottiequotazioni.com) for at least 10 years 
after their publication.   
Copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo are available on the following Issuer’s website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/governance/company-documents. 
Any Second-party Opinion in relation to Green Certificates or Climate Certificates or Social Certificates or 
Sustainability 
Certificates 
are 
available 
on 
the 
following 
Issuer’s 
website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/sustainability/environment/green-products/Green-bonds. 
Financial statements available 
In addition to the availability of the Base Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein in 
electronic form as set out below, for  so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be 
outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be 
obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent and at the 
registered offices of the Issuer:  
(a) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo as at 31 December 2021, 
together with the accompanying note and any auditors' report; 
(b) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo as at 31 December 2022, 
together with the accompanying note and any auditors' report. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional 
or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Interests in the Notes may also be held through CREST through the issuance of CDIs representing 
Underlying Notes. The current address of CREST is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB. 
Conditions for Determining Price

--- Page 340 ---
339 
 
 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer at the 
time of the issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche bearing Fixed Rate Interest, an indication of the yield in respect of the Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis 
of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue 
Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Trend information / No Material Change 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
Since 31 March 2023, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group and no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer and of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Material contracts 
None of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and Intesa Sanpaolo's other subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in 
the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may reasonably be expected to 
be material to the Issuer' ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders. 
Post-issuance information 
In relation to Dual Currency Redemption Notes, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any assets underlying issues of Notes constituting derivative securities except to 
the extent required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus under "Description of the Issuer – Legal Proceedings", none of 
the Issuer or any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration or administrative proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating 
to claims or amounts which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's financial position or profitability and, so far as the Issuer  is aware, no such governmental, 
litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
Independent Auditors 
On 30 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo appointed EY S.p.A. as 
independent auditors for the financial years 2021-2029. EY S.p.A. is an independent public accounting firm 
registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Contabili) held by 
the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 
and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. EY S.p.A. is also a member of the ASSIREVI – 
Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors Association. The business address of 
Ernst & Young S.p.A. is Via Lombardia, 31 – 00187 Rome, Italy. EY S.p.A. performed an interim review 
on the 2021 Half Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements. The first financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A. to be audited by EY S.p.A were those as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021.. 
LEI Code 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") Code of Intesa Sanpaolo is 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08.

--- Page 341 ---
340 
 
 
Declaration of the officer responsible for preparing Intesa Sanpaolo's financial reports  
The officer responsible for preparing the company's financial reports, Fabrizio Dabbene, declares, pursuant 
to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance (Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time) that the accounting information contained 
in this Base Prospectus corresponds to Intesa Sanpaolo's documentary results, books and accounting 
records.

--- Page 342 ---
341 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to English law and Italian law 
DLA Piper Studio Legale Tributario Associato 
Via dei Due Macelli, 66  
00187 Rome  
Italy