--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus dated 26 August 2021
International Personal Finance plc
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 06018973)
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by:
IPF Holdings Limited
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 01525242)
International Personal Finance Investments Limited
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 00961088)
IPF International Limited
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 00753518)
IPF Digital Group Limited
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 06032184)
EUR 1,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arranger for the Programme
HSBC
Dealers
HSBC, PEEL HUNT AND
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 2 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES
2
AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES ISSUED
UNDER
THE
PROGRAMME
INVOLVES
CERTAIN RISKS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE FACTORS
DESCRIBED UNDER THE SECTION HEADED
“RISK FACTORS” IN THIS PROSPECTUS.
About this document
This document (the “Prospectus”) has been
approved as a base prospectus by the United
Kingdom (the “UK” or the “United Kingdom”)
Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), as
competent
authority
under
Regulation
(EU)
2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) as
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the
“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).The
FCA only approves this Prospectus as meeting
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility
and consistency imposed by the UK Prospectus
Regulation.
Such
approval
should
not
be
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the
Guarantors or of the quality of the Notes (as
defined below) that are the subject of this
Prospectus.
Investors should be aware that the UK Prospectus
Regulation only applies where Notes are admitted
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes
of Article 2(1)(13A) of Regulation (EU) No
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by
virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR” and a “UK
Regulated Market”) situated or operating within
the United Kingdom and/or an offer of Notes is
made to the public (within the meaning provided
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation
Rules that form part of the FCA Handbook) in the
United Kingdom.
This Prospectus has also been approved as a
base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland
(the “CBI”), as a competent authority under the
EU
Prospectus
Regulation.
The
CBI
only
approves
this
Prospectus
as
meeting
the
standards of completeness, comprehensibility
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus
Regulation.
Such
approval
should
not
be
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or
the Guarantors or of the quality of the Notes that
are the subject of this Prospectus.
The CBI’s approval relates only to the Notes
which are to be admitted to trading on a
regulated market for the purposes of Directive
2014/65/EU (“MiFID II” and an “EU Regulated
Market”) and/or which are to be offered to the
public in any Member State of the European
Economic Area (the “EEA”). No offer of Notes to
the public in the EEA will be made.
Accordingly, Investors should be aware that they
will only have the rights afforded by the EU
Prospectus Regulation if the EU Prospectus
Regulation applies and they will only have the
rights afforded by the UK Prospectus Regulation
if the UK Prospectus Regulation applies.
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme
described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”),
International Personal Finance plc (the “Issuer”
or “IPF”) may from time to time issue notes
denominated in any currency (the “Notes”) which
will
be
unconditionally
and
irrevocably
guaranteed on a joint and several basis by each
of IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International
Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited (each a
“Guarantor”, together the “Guarantors” and
their respective guarantee in respect of the
Notes,
the
“Guarantee”);
“unconditionally”
means that, if the Issuer hasn’t paid the relevant
amount due, there is no further condition to be
fulfilled before the Guarantee can be called on,
and “irrevocably” means that the Guarantors
can’t revoke their Guarantee at a later date. The
reference to “on a joint and several basis” means
that
any
person
owed
money
under
the
Guarantee may pursue the obligation against all
the Guarantors together, or any one Guarantor
as if that Guarantor were liable for the whole
guaranteed
amount.
The
Issuer
and
its
subsidiaries (including the Guarantors) taken as
a whole are referred to in this Prospectus as the
“Group”. The aggregate nominal amount of
Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed
EUR 1,000,000,000. The specific terms of each
series or tranche of Notes to be issued under the
Programme will be specified in the final terms
issued by the Issuer (the “Final Terms”). Each
set of Final Terms sets out the specific terms of
the
relevant
issue
of
Notes
under
the
Programme. Each set of Final Terms is intended
to be read alongside the Terms and Conditions
of the Notes, and the two together provide the
specific terms of the Notes relevant to a specific
issuance.
An Investor should read and understand fully the
contents of this Prospectus and any applicable
Final Terms before making any investment
decisions relating to any Notes issued under this
Prospectus. The UK Prospectus Regulation
requires the Issuer to give more disclosure in
respect of Notes denominated in an amount of
VI.1
VI.2

--- Page 3 ---
3
less than EUR 100,000 (unless traded only on a
UK Regulated Market, or a specific segment
thereof, to which only qualified investors, as
defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation, have
access) (“Retail Notes”) than it does in respect
of
Notes
denominated
in
an
amount
of
EUR 100,000 or more (“Wholesale Notes”), on
the basis that lower denomination Notes are
more likely to be bought by less sophisticated
investors who might benefit from additional
information. There are therefore two different
forms of Final Terms included in this document,
one with slightly more disclosure items than the
other, and which one will be used will depend on
the denomination of the Notes as made clear in
the legend appearing in the very first paragraph
of each form of Final Terms.
This Prospectus relates to (i) the admission to
“listing to listing and” trading of Wholesale Notes
(the “EU Notes”) on the regulated market of The
Irish Stock Exchange plc (trading as Euronext
Dublin) (the “Euronext Dublin Regulated
Market” and “Euronext Dublin”, respectively)
or any other EU Regulated Market operated in
the EEA (the “EEA Admission”); (ii) the
admission to listing and trading of Retail Notes
(the “UK Retail Notes”) and Wholesale Notes
(the “UK Wholesale Notes”) and, together with
the UK Retail Notes, the “UK Notes”) on the
official list of the FCA and the main market of
London Stock Exchange plc (the “LSE Main
Market” and the “LSE”, respectively) or any
other
UK
Regulated
Market
(the
“UK
Admission”); and (iii) an offer of the UK Retail
Notes in the United Kingdom in circumstances
where the Final Terms in relation to the UK
Retail Notes specify that an offer of those UK
Retail Notes may be made other than pursuant
to Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation
(a “UK Public Offer”).
The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is an EU
Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II.
The LSE Main Market is a UK Regulated Market
for the purposes of UK MiFIR.
Each set of Final Terms in respect of UK Notes
will be submitted to the FCA and the LSE and/or
the operator of any other UK Regulated Market
and published by the Issuer in accordance with
the
UK
Prospectus
Regulation
and
in
compliance with the other requirements of UK
law, if applicable.
Each set of Final Terms in respect of EU Notes
will be submitted to the CBI and Euronext Dublin
and/or the operator of any other EU Regulated
Market, following, where relevant, receipt of a
certificate
of
approval
in
respect
of
the
passporting of this Prospectus being provided to
the relevant host EEA Member State, and
published by the Issuer in accordance with the
EU Prospectus Regulation and in compliance
with the other requirements of the local law of
the relevant EEA Member State, if applicable.
For the avoidance of doubt, the information
contained in this Prospectus in relation to UK
Notes, the UK Admission and any UK Public
Offer does not relate or apply to EU Notes or the
EEA Admission. The information contained in
this Prospectus in relation to EU Notes and the
EEA Admission does not relate or apply to UK
Notes, the UK Admission or a UK Public Offer.
Only UK Notes may be listed on the LSE Main
Market or any other UK Regulated Market and
only EU Notes may be listed on the Euronext
Dublin Regulated Market or any other EU
Regulated Market.
The “Relevant Competent Authority” is: (i) in
respect of the UK Admission or a UK Public
Offer, the FCA; and (ii) in respect of the EEA
Admission, the CBI. A “Relevant Market” is: (i)
in respect of the UK Admission, the LSE Main
Market or any other UK Regulated Market; and
(ii) in respect of the EEA Admission, the
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or any other
EU Regulated Market. This Prospectus is valid
for 12 months from its date and may be
supplemented or replaced from time to time to
reflect any significant new factor, material
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the
information included in it. The obligation to
prepare a supplement to this Prospectus in the
event of any significant new factor, material
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply
when this Prospectus is no longer valid.
This Prospectus contains important information
about IPF, the Group (as defined below) and the
terms of the Programme. This Prospectus also
describes the risks relevant to IPF and its
business and risks relating to an investment in
the Notes generally. Investors in the Notes
(“Investors”)
should
make
their
own
assessment as to the suitability of investing in
the Notes.
Important – EEA Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to
EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to, and should not be offered, sold or
otherwise made available to, any retail investor
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1)
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of
Directive
(EU)
2016/97
(the
“Insurance
Distribution Directive”), where that customer

--- Page 4 ---
IV.16.2
V.7.5 CAT A,C
XIII.7.5
CAT A,C
IV.1.1
IV.1.2
V.1.1.CAT A
V.1.2.CAT A
XIII.1.1 CAT A
XIII.1.2 CAT A
4
would not qualify as a professional client as
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key
information document required by Regulation
(EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or
otherwise
making
them
available
to
retail
investors in the EEA has been prepared and
therefore offering or selling
the Notes or
otherwise making them available to any retail
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the
PRIIPs Regulation.
Information on the relevant terms and conditions
of an offer is to be provided at the time of that
offer by an Authorised Offeror (as defined in the
section entitled Important Legal Information),
and
cannot
therefore
be
included
in
this
Prospectus.
Important – UK Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to
UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available
to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise
made available to, any retail investor in the UK.
For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a
customer within the meaning of the provisions of
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU)
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify
as a professional client as defined in point (8) of
Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. Consequently, no key
information document required by Regulation
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the
Notes or otherwise making them available to
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and
therefore offering or selling
the Notes or
otherwise making them available to any retail
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK
PRIIPs Regulation.
Responsibility for the information contained in
this Prospectus
The
Issuer
and
the
Guarantors
accept
responsibility for the information contained in
this Prospectus and, in relation to each Tranche
of Notes, for the information contained in the
applicable Final Terms for such Tranche of
Notes. To the best of the knowledge of the
Issuer and the Guarantors, the information
contained in this Prospectus is in accordance
with the facts and makes no omission likely to
affect the import of such information.
Where information has been sourced from a
third party, this information has been accurately
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware
and is able to ascertain from the information
published by that third party, no facts have been
omitted which would render the reproduced
information
inaccurate
or
misleading.
The
source of third party information is identified
where used.
Use of defined terms in this Prospectus
Certain terms, words or phrases in this Prospectus
are defined in double quotation marks, and
references elsewhere to that term are designated
with initial capital letters. See also the section
“Index of Defined Terms” in this Prospectus.
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or
the context otherwise requires, references to
“sterling”, “£” and “GBP” are to the currency of
the United Kingdom (and references to “£m” are
to millions of pounds sterling), references to
“dollars”, “$” and “USD” are to the currency of
the United States of America (and references to
“$m” are to millions of U.S. dollars) and
references to “€”, “EUR” and “euro” are to the
single
currency
of
those
Member
States
participating in the third stage of European
economic and monetary union from time to time
(and references to “€m” are to millions of euro).
Any references in this Prospectus to any statute,
directive, regulation or other legislation is a
reference to such statute, directive, regulation or
other legislation as it may be amended, re-
enacted, supplemented or replaced from time to
time.
Credit Rating Agency Regulation notice
The Issuer has been given:
(i)
a long-term issuer default rating of BB-
(Outlook
Negative)
and
a
short-term
issuer default rating of B by Fitch Ratings
Ltd (“Fitch”); and
(ii)
a long-term corporate family rating of
(P)Ba3
(Outlook
Stable)
by
Moody’s
Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”).
The Programme has been rated BB- by Fitch
and (P)Ba3 by Moody’s. In general, EEA
regulated investors are restricted from using a
rating for EEA regulatory purposes if such rating
is
not
issued
by
a
credit
rating
agency
established in the EEA and registered under
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA

--- Page 5 ---
5
Regulation”) (and such registration has not
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to
transitional provisions that apply in certain
circumstances).
Similarly,
in
general,
UK
regulated investors are restricted from using a
rating for UK regulatory purposes if such rating
is
not
issued
by
a
credit
rating
agency
established in the UK and registered under
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the
“UK CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch and
Moody’s is established in the UK and registered
as a credit rating agency under the UK CRA
Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by Fitch
and Moody’s may be used for regulatory
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK
CRA Regulation. Whilst Fitch and Moody’s are
not established in the EEA, the ratings issued by
Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings
Ireland Limited and the ratings issued by
Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s
Deutschland
GmbH
(each
of
which
is
established in the EEA and registered as a credit
rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation) in
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. As
such, the ratings issued by Fitch and Moody’s
may be used for regulatory purposes in the EEA
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will
not necessarily be the same as the rating
assigned to the Programme and the applicable
rating will be specified in the relevant Final
Terms. Whether a rating in relation to any
Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been
issued by a credit rating agency established in
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA
Regulation
or
by
a
credit
rating
agency
established in the UK and registered under the
UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the
relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating
agency.
“BB-” ratings from Fitch indicate an elevated
vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the
event of adverse changes in business or
economic
conditions
over
time;
however,
business or financial flexibility exists which
supports the servicing of financial commitments.
Obligations rated “Ba” by Moody’s are judged to
have speculative elements and are subject to
substantial credit risk. The modifier “3” is
appended to a rating by Moody’s to denote
relative status within the major rating category.
Information incorporated by reference in this
Prospectus
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with
all documents which are incorporated herein by
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by
Reference” section).
The Notes to be issued under the Programme
are not protected by the Financial Services
Compensation Scheme
The Notes to be issued under the Programme
are not protected by the Financial Services
Compensation Scheme (the “FSCS”). As a
result, neither the FSCS nor anyone else will pay
compensation to an Investor upon the failure of
the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Group as a
whole.
No offer of Notes
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of,
or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the
Guarantors or the Dealers to subscribe for, or
purchase, any Notes.
Questions relating to this Prospectus and the
Notes to be issued under the Programme
See the section starting on page 7 entitled “How
do I use this Prospectus?”. If an Investor has any
questions
regarding
the
content
of
this
Prospectus, any Final Terms and/or any Notes
or the actions they should take, they should seek
advice from their independent financial adviser,
tax adviser or other professional adviser before
making any investment decision.
Benchmarks regulation
Amounts payable under the Notes may be
calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA,
PIBOR, WIBOR, PRIBOR, ROBOR, BUBOR,
STIBOR or TIIE which are respectively provided
by
the
European
Money
Markets
Institute
(“EMMI”), the Bank of England (“BoE”), the
European Banking Federation (“EBF”), GPW
Benchmark SA (“GPW”), the Czech Financial
Benchmark Facility (“CFBF”), the National Bank
of Romania (“NBR”), Magyar Nemzeti Bank
(“MNB”), the Swedish Bankers’ Association and
Banco de México (“BDM”). As at the date of this
Prospectus, the EMMI and the CFBF appear on
the register of administrators and benchmarks
(the “EU Benchmarks Register”) established
and maintained by the European Securities and
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article
36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU
Benchmarks Regulation”), but not the register
of administrators and benchmarks (the “UK
Benchmarks
Register”)
established
and
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of

--- Page 6 ---
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK
Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this
Prospectus, GPW does not appear on the UK
Benchmarks Register, but does appear on the
EU Benchmarks Register. The BoE, the EBF, the
NBR, MNB, the Swedish Bankers’ Association
and BDM do not appear on the EU Benchmarks
Register or the UK Benchmarks Register, as
benchmarks set by central banks and certain
public
authorities
are
subject
to
certain
exemptions pursuant to Article 2 of the EU
Benchmarks Regulation and Article 2 of the UK
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of
the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply such that
none of the EMMI, the CFBF or GPW are
currently
required
to
obtain
authorisation/
registration (or, if located outside the UK,
recognition, endorsement or equivalence) under
the UK Benchmarks Regulation. The registration
status of any administrator under one or both of
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public
record and, save where required by applicable
law, the Issuer does not intend to update the
applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in
the registration status of an administrator.
MiFID II product governance/target market
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product
Governance” which will outline the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes and which
channels for distribution of the Notes are
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering,
selling
or
recommending
the
Notes
(a
“distributor”) should take into consideration the
target
market
assessment;
however,
a
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for
undertaking its own target market assessment
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or
refining the target market assessment) and
determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each
issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated
Directive
2017/593
(the
“MiFID
Product
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID
Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product
governance” which will outline the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes and which
channels for distribution of the Notes are
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering,
selling
or
recommending
the
Notes
(a
“distributor”) should take into consideration the
target market assessment; however, a distributor
subject
to
the
FCA
Handbook
Product
Intervention
and
Product
Governance
Sourcebook
(the
“UK
MiFIR
Product
Governance
Rules”)
is
responsible
for
undertaking its own target market assessment in
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or
refining the target market assessment) and
determining appropriate distribution channels. A
determination will be made in relation to each
issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance
Rules.
United States – Securities Act registration
The Notes have not been and will not be
registered under the United States Securities
Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and may not
be offered or sold within the United States or to,
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons
except in certain transactions exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Singapore Securities and Futures Act product
classification
Notification under Section 309B of the Securities
and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore –
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be
issued
under
the
Programme
shall
be
prescribed capital markets products (as defined
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets
Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on
Recommendations on Investment Products).
6

--- Page 7 ---
7
HOW DO I USE THIS PROSPECTUS?
An Investor should read and understand fully the contents of this Prospectus and the relevant Final
Terms before making any investment decisions relating to any Notes. This Prospectus contains
important information about the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Group, the terms of the Notes and the
terms of the Guarantee; as well as describing certain risks relevant to the Issuer, the Guarantors,
the Group and their businesses and also other risks relating to an investment in the Notes generally.
An overview of the various sections comprising this Prospectus is set out below:
The “RISK FACTORS” section describes the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the
Issuer’s and/or Guarantors’ respective abilities to fulfil their obligations under the Notes and/or the
Guarantee, as the case may be. Risk factors are presented in categories and in each category the
most material risks are mentioned first.
The “INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME” section provides an overview of the Programme
in order to assist the reader. This is a good place to start for the most basic information about how
the Programme works and how Notes are issued.
The “BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC AND THE
GROUP” section describes certain information relating to the Issuer and its group structure, as well
as the business that the Group conducts.
The “BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS” section briefly sets out information
relating to the Guarantors under the Programme.
The “REGULATORY INFORMATION” section contains information on the regulatory framework
within which the Group currently operates, together with details of any regulatory investigations and
proceedings and/or litigation in connection with the Group’s business.
The “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” section contains a description of the
information that is deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (rather than being
set out in the body of this Prospectus).
The “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE” section contains a description of the material provisions of the
Dealer Agreement, which includes the selling restrictions applicable to any Notes that may be issued
under the Programme.
The “TAXATION” section provides a brief outline of certain United Kingdom taxation implications
regarding any Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The “IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION” section contains some important legal information
regarding the basis on which this Prospectus may be used, forward-looking statements and other
important matters.
The “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES” section sets out the terms and conditions which
apply to any Notes that may be issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms relating to
any offer of Notes will complete the terms and conditions of the Notes.
The “SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM”
section briefly sets out certain information relating to the clearing systems and settlement of
securities in CREST and is a summary of certain parts of those provisions of the Global Notes which
apply to the Notes while they are held in global form by the clearing systems, some of which include
minor and/or technical modifications to the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out in this
Prospectus.
The “FORM OF FINAL TERMS” section sets out the respective forms of Final Terms that the Issuer
will publish if it offers any Notes under the Programme. Any such completed Final Terms will detail
the relevant information applicable to each respective offer, adjusted to be relevant only to the
specific Notes being offered.

--- Page 8 ---
The “GENERAL INFORMATION” section sets out further information on the Issuer, the Guarantors
and the Programme which the Issuer is required to include under applicable rules. These include
the availability of certain relevant documents for inspection, confirmations from the Issuer and details
relating to applications for listing to the FCA and to Euronext Dublin, and the applications for
admission to trading on the LSE Main Market and the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.
The “INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS” section provides an explanation of technical terms used in this
Prospectus.
A “TABLE OF CONTENTS” section, with corresponding page references, is set out on the following
page.
8

--- Page 9 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
IMPORTANT NOTICES............................................................................................................
2
HOW DO I USE THIS PROSPECTUS? ..................................................................................
7
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................
10
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME..........................................................................
31
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC....................
41
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC ....
63
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS ............................................................
66
REGULATORY INFORMATION ..............................................................................................
68
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE................................................................
73
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................
76
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE....................................................................................................
77
TAXATION ..............................................................................................................................
87
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................
89
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES..........................................................................
97
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........ 131
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK RETAIL NOTES .............................................................. 139
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK WHOLESALE NOTES AND EU NOTES ........................ 150
GENERAL INFORMATION ...................................................................................................... 161
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .................................................................................................. 165
9

--- Page 10 ---
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme.
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantors believe may be material for the purpose of assessing
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the factors described below represent the material risks
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer and the Guarantors may
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding
any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective Investors should also read the detailed information set out
elsewhere in this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach
their own views prior to making any investment decision.
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S AND THE GUARANTORS’ ABILITY TO FULFIL
THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
Economic and political risks
The Group is exposed to the risk of political or economic instability in the markets in which it
operates.
The Group is headquartered in the UK and has operations in Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary,
Romania, Lithuania, Spain, Finland (although the Group is withdrawing from this market), Latvia,
Estonia (all of which are members of the European Union (the “EU”)), Mexico and Australia. The
majority of the aforementioned countries are developing markets undergoing rapid, and/or relatively
unpredictable, economic, political and social development.
The Group’s operations are, and will continue to be, exposed to risks common to regions undergoing
such political, economic and social change, including economic recession, currency fluctuations,
exchange control restrictions, an evolving regulatory environment (in particular, in relation to the
provision of consumer credit), inflation, tax regime changes, local market disruption and labour unrest.
The prevailing political, economic and social conditions in a territory (including, in the case of territories
within the EU, conditions across the EU as a whole) may significantly affect the general demand for
loans and other credit services in that territory, the creditworthiness of the Group’s customers and the
regulatory and taxation regime in which the Group operates. Contagion from a neighbouring country
(for example in relation to the Group’s eastern European businesses, Ukraine, or destabilising actions
from Russia) could also have an impact. The performance of the Mexican business is influenced by
the political stability and economic conditions of Mexico. External political factors, such as policies
adopted and pursued by the U.S. administration and internal political factors may negatively impact
the Group’s future trading performance in Mexico. Restrictions on the ability of the Group to freely
move capital and dividends from subsidiaries to the holding company in the United Kingdom may
prevent the Group from meeting its financial obligations. The Group has significant exposure to
economic conditions in a number of EU countries. The exit of one or more countries from the Euro-
zone or the EU may impact consumer spending patterns. This may have an adverse effect on the
revenue, profits, business, financial condition or results of the Group, which may adversely affect the
Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes.
The COVID-19 pandemic, the measures imposed by governments in response (including temporary
annual percentage rate of charge (“APR”) caps and debt repayment moratoria) and their consequent
economic effects have impacted all of the Group’s markets and the businesses operating in those
markets. See the section “The COVID-19 pandemic has materially affected, and may continue to
materially affect, the Group’s businesses”. There is a risk of an extended period of economic
contraction that continues through 2021 as further lockdowns are imposed, restricting economic activity
across the markets in which the Group operates, depending on the efficacy, take-up and rollout of the
vaccines for COVID-19. These risks could amplify the existing downward pressure on the economy;
for example: a large surge in business failures with knock-on effects for the labour market resulting in
high rates of unemployment that create debt management issues for customers, which could also
contribute to negative multiplier effects through delayed investment and spending; and a stronger
IV.4.4
V.2.1 CAT A
VI.3
XIII.2 CAT A
IV.8.2
10

--- Page 11 ---
push towards protectionism as governments look to protect home industries. This could also lead to
a longer-term turn in the credit cycle with a broader contraction of credit as lenders attempt to protect
themselves from increased losses. This may have an adverse effect on the revenue, profits, business,
financial condition or results of the Group, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make
payments under the Notes.
The Group is exposed to funding and liquidity risk, credit rating risk, credit quality risk,
counterparty risk, exchange rate fluctuation risk and interest rate fluctuation risk.
Funding and liquidity risk: Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group does not have sufficient financial
liquid resources to meet its obligations when they fall due, or can only do so at excessive cost. The
ability of the Group to access debt funding sources on acceptable economic terms over the longer
term is dependent on a variety of factors, such as general market conditions and confidence in the
global banking system, which are outside the Group’s control. This may impact the ability of the
Group to access new debt funding or secure funding on terms favourable to the Group.
The Group relies, in part, upon the effective management of its banking and other borrowing
relationships and upon securing loan commitments from a number of lenders, often within the
jurisdictions where it has operations. As at 30 June 2021, the Group had total debt facilities of £596
million, and borrowing under these facilities of £479 million (excluding deferred debt issuance costs
of £7 million) with headroom on undrawn facilities and non-operational cash balances of £173 million.
These facilities have a range of maturities from 2021 through to 2025. There is, however, a risk that
all or some of these facilities may not be refinanced in the future.
The capital and bank loan markets in many of the countries in which the Group currently operates
are less developed and subject to greater volatility than developed markets. There is also a risk
that the credit market in a jurisdiction where the Group operates may become illiquid or less liquid
in cash, thereby limiting the Group’s access to cash in that market. This could hinder the Group’s
ability to raise, renew and service its borrowings and affect its ability to extend credit to customers
in that market.
Even with sufficient debt facilities at a Group level, local currency debt funding may not be available
in each country, or may only be available at a prohibitively high cost, and it may not be possible to
swap funding available to the Group in other currencies into local currency.
Failure to secure liquid funding at an appropriate cost and in the necessary currencies could
adversely impact the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, which may
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes.
Credit rating risk: Credit ratings are opinions on the Issuer’s creditworthiness. The Issuer’s credit
ratings affect the cost and availability of its funding from capital markets and other funding sources.
If the Issuer fails to maintain its current credit ratings, this could adversely affect its cost of funds and
its access to capital and other credit markets, which may ultimately adversely affect the Issuer’s
ability to make payments under the Notes. In addition, any downgrade of the Issuer’s credit ratings
(or other adverse ratings action) may adversely affect the market price (if any) of the Notes.
Credit quality risk: The Group is exposed to risks associated with the uncontrolled deterioration
in the credit quality of its customers, which may be driven by, for example, socio-economic or
customer-specific factors linked to economic performance. For instance in 2020, the Group
experienced a significant rise in impairment levels due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The
impact of higher impairment levels on the profitability of the Group is likely to be exacerbated by a
consequent reduction in the number of current customers with the potential to take a new loan. This
would cause a rapid fall in the Group’s revenue at a time of increased impairments.
Declining credit quality and increased impairment levels would impact profitability, the number of
existing customers capable of taking on new loans, and employee and agent engagement, and
could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and
financial condition, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the
Notes.
Counterparty risk: The Group has cash balances in the accounts of banks in all of its countries of
operation and the United Kingdom, in order to ensure sufficient cash availability to fund the short-
term operation of the business. Although the Group has policies in place to mitigate counterparty
risk, including policies with respect to the minimum acceptable credit rating of institutions with whom
11

--- Page 12 ---
the Group places cash, there is nevertheless a risk that a bank holding Group cash becomes
insolvent, and the Group loses all or substantially all of the cash deposited with that bank as a result.
If such an event were to happen, this may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments
under the Notes.
Exchange rate fluctuation risk: The Group is subject to risks associated with exchange rate
fluctuations. Although the Group is based in the United Kingdom, files its consolidated financial
reports and accounts in sterling and pays dividends to shareholders in sterling, all of its existing
operations are based overseas and most of its profits and losses are denominated in foreign
currency. The sterling value of foreign currency denominated profits and losses cannot be effectively
hedged in the long term and so exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect the Group’s income
statement account, its reserves or future cash flows.
Additionally, the operations of the Group have net assets which are denominated in foreign
currencies. The Group’s policy is to use local currency borrowings to the maximum possible extent
to fund local currency assets to provide a natural hedge (either through direct borrowings or via
currency transactions for funding raised in non-operational currencies). A hedge is a method of
removal or mitigation of a particular risk. In this case, borrowing in a local currency to fund assets
in the same currency mitigates against the risk of adverse movements in exchange rates between
currencies to the Group’s sterling net asset value. Any residual exposure remains unhedged. This
residual unhedged exposure could adversely affect the sterling value of the Group’s net assets if the
value of sterling strengthens against the currency in which the residual unhedged exposure is
denominated.
A significant proportion of the Group’s borrowing is in euro and sterling and the Group swaps these
proceeds into the Group’s operational currencies. Exchange rate fluctuations may have the effect
of reducing or removing the overall headroom on the Group’s debt facilities. The majority of the
Group’s current bank facilities are denominated in foreign currencies, such that local currency
funding is in place to partly fund local currency assets. In addition, the Group has from time to time
issued bonds denominated in local currencies under the Programme, to access local currency
funding. There can, however, be no assurance that the Group will be successful in negating the
potential impact of risks associated with volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Such rates or
changes could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Group to fund its growth strategy,
on the value of the Group’s future cash flows and/or on the results of its operations and financial
condition, all of which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes.
Interest rate fluctuation risk: To the extent that interest costs are not fixed or hedged on
borrowings required to fund fixed rate loans to customers for the duration of the repayment period
for such loans, there is a risk that increases in interest rates will reduce the profit margin on those
loans to customers.
In order to limit its net exposure to interest rate risk, the Group enters into hedging transactions. A
hedging transaction is a transaction where a party buys protection in respect of a particular risk by
entering into a derivative with a counterparty in respect of that risk. So for example if a company has
exposure to a floating rate of interest for its own funding costs, but lends at a fixed rate of interest
to its customers, that company’s profitability is at risk if the floating rate of interest rises, because
there is no equivalent rise in the fixed rate at which it has lent funds to customers. To mitigate this
risk, the company may enter into a hedging transaction with a counterparty where the company
agrees to swap the cashflows on its floating interest rate debt with a counterparty for the cashflows
on a fixed interest rate in respect of a similar amount to that of its borrowings. The utility of the
protection the relevant company buys by doing this will depend on the counterparty’s ability to make
payments under the hedging contract when the floating rate of interest goes up. If the Group
engages in hedging transactions, it will be exposed to the risk of default by its hedging
counterparties.
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to successfully manage the potential negative
impact of risks associated with rapid interest rate changes. Such changes could have a material
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position if, as a result of
the Group’s borrowings not being fixed or hedged, the costs of such borrowings rise whilst the fixed
rates of interest on loans to customers which have been funded by such borrowings remains the
same. This may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes
whether or not any particular Tranche of Notes pays interest on a fixed or floating rate basis.
12

--- Page 13 ---
The Group’s businesses, earnings and financial condition could be affected by any future crisis
in global financial markets and/or deterioration in the global economic outlook.
The performance of the Group is influenced by the economic conditions of the countries in which it
operates around the world. Further, some of the countries in which the Group currently operates are
emerging economies and so are likely to be subject to greater volatility in economic, political and
financial market conditions. The precise nature of all the risks and uncertainties the Group faces,
and will face, as a result of any future global financial crisis or deterioration in the global economic
outlook cannot be predicted and many of these risks are outside the Group’s control.
A deterioration in economic conditions globally and in the markets in which the Group operates,
including, but not limited to, business and consumer confidence, unemployment, household
disposable income, the state of the housing market, foreign exchange markets, counterparty risk,
inflation, the availability and cost of credit, and the liquidity of global financial markets or market
interest rates, may reduce the level of demand for the products and services of the Group, adversely
affect the earnings the Group can achieve on its products and lead to reduced volumes of credit
issued, reduced revenue and increased levels of impairment charge. This may affect the Group’s
ability to obtain sufficient liquid, local currency funds to meet the requirements of the business
(following maturity of the Group’s existing sources of financing), to issue sufficient volumes of credit
at appropriate levels of impairment and to maintain adequate cover on its financial covenants. A
global recession may also result in the Group being unable to execute its growth strategy. The
aforementioned factors may materially and adversely impact the Group’s operating results, financial
condition and prospects, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the
Notes.
Legal, regulatory and tax risks
The Group may be affected by changes in financial services regulation, or other laws or
regulations applicable to the Group, or the interpretations or enforcement thereof.
The Group’s operations are subject to legislation, regulations, rules, guidance, codes of conduct
and government policies in the jurisdictions in which it conducts business and in relation to the
products it markets and sells. For further information in relation to the regulation to which the Group
is subject, please see the “Regulatory Information” section of this Prospectus. Regulatory authorities
have broad jurisdiction over many aspects of the Group’s business, marketing and selling practices,
advertising and terms of business.
Financial services laws, regulations, rules, guidance, government decrees and ordinances, codes
of conduct, government policies and/or the respective interpretations or enforcement thereof may
change on a temporary or permanent basis and, although the Group monitors developments, it
cannot predict future initiatives or changes. Such changes, or proposals to make such changes,
whether temporary or permanent may sometimes take place without consultation or prior warning
at any time both within, and outside of, formal legislative processes (including as a result of a
response to emergency situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic). In many countries in which the
Group operates, the interpretation and approach to enforcement of legal and regulatory systems is
in a process of development, which may result in existing laws and regulations being applied,
interpreted and enforced inconsistently. For details of possible changes to the certain consumer
credit regulation to which the Group is subject, please see the “Regulatory Information” section of
this Prospectus.
Any such changes may materially and adversely affect, amongst other things, the Group’s product
range and activities, creditworthiness assessments, the sales and pricing of its products, the Group’s
profitability, solvency and capital requirements and costs of compliance. The total charges for the
Group’s loans are higher than for loans provided by mainstream banks, reflecting the higher lending
risk and (in respect of the home credit business) the high level of personal service provided by the
Group’s agents. This can attract criticism and bring calls for statutory caps on charges on certain
products the Group offers and/or limitations on the amount the Group may lend to any individual
customer.
The Group is at risk of further, or changes to existing, caps on interest rates, the total cost of credit,
APR or other types of cost caps as well as other types of lending restrictions (including, but not
limited to, creditworthiness assessments), changes to usury or “good morals” laws, withdrawal of a
key licence or removal of an entry from a relevant register (including those licences or registrations
necessary for the Group’s offering of insurance products as on an intermediary, distributor and/or
13

--- Page 14 ---
agency basis for a range of insurance providers), and to changes to laws or regulations on, or
prohibition of, doorstep lending. The Group is also at risk of more restrictive product regulation,
more stringent consumer credit legislation, more restrictive customer protection regulation (covering,
for example, advertising or personal insolvency), responsible lending legislation (for example, debt
to income limits), fines for breach of current regulators’ standards, employment and health and
safety legislation (for example, relating to the status of agents), implementation of new or more
stringent licensing or registration procedures (for example, the introduction of registration or
certification requirements for home credit agents, the introduction of financial intermediary licensing
or the introduction or tightening of licensing requirements for non-banking financial institutions),
broader grounds for challenges to the Group’s commercial practices or product terms and conditions
by customers or interest groups and any other legal or regulatory changes designed to restrict or
with the effect of restricting the growth of credit in any given country in which the Group operates.
The Group is at risk of challenges by customers or interest groups to the Group’s commercial
practices (for example, in relation to the mis-selling of its core lending products or its ancillary offering
of home, medical, and life insurance and other products on an intermediary, distributor and/or
agency basis) or product terms and conditions. This risk may become more significant with any
introduction of broader grounds and/or new or emerging procedures for such challenges (including
the introduction, or expanded use of, ombudsman schemes and class action litigation, claims
management companies or collective redress procedures). The Group’s operations in Europe and
Mexico are exposed to a risk that courts could invoke civil law provisions in order to render void
contracts that contain provisions that are entered into in bad faith or that are contrary to rules of
social coexistence. Most countries also contain criminal law provisions that enable penalties to be
imposed on those persons responsible for transactions that are deemed usurious.
The Group may have to respond to any material changes in legislation or regulation which could
potentially affect its business by adapting its business model or products in the relevant market.
There can be no assurance, however, that the Group will be able to effectively respond to any such
changes and this may affect the Group’s operations and the conduct and success of its business
in the relevant market, all of which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under
the Notes.
For further information in relation to the regulation to which the Group is subject and the legislative
proposals that may come into force in the countries in which the Group operates, see the “Regulatory
Information” section of this Prospectus.
The Group is, and in the future may be, subject to regulatory and legal actions or intervention in
the ordinary course of its business.
The Group is subject to risks of regulatory investigations, audits, controls, proceedings and/or
litigation in connection with its business (including in relation to compliance with consumer credit
legislation and regulation). Such regulatory investigations, audits, controls, proceedings and/or
litigation could be initiated, amongst other reasons, in response to an actual or suspected breach
by the Group or a Group company of laws, regulations or rules (including as a result of a regulator
or court disagreeing with the Group’s interpretation of any law, regulation or rule). Any such actions
could result in the loss of a licence, the removal from a register, the imposition of a fine, the retraction
of any other authorisation to provide credit in a particular country or the imposition of onerous
operational obligations.
Regulatory and legal actions may be difficult to assess or quantify and may seek recovery of large
or indeterminate amounts, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition,
such actions could result in adverse publicity for the Group or could affect its relations with
customers, as well as divert management’s attentions from the day-to-day management of the
Group’s business. In countries where judicial and dispute resolution systems are less developed, it
may in some circumstances not be possible to obtain timely legal remedies. If the Group becomes
party to legal proceedings in a market with an insufficiently developed judicial system, it may be
difficult for the Group to make a reasonable qualification or quantification of the risks and outcomes
associated with any proceedings, or to make, or defend against, claims.
The Group may also be vulnerable to regulatory action by competition or consumer protection
authorities if it is found that the markets in which it operates are not functioning competitively or
effectively. Information on the regulatory framework within which the Group currently operates,
together with a description of any regulatory investigations and proceedings and/or litigation in
connection with the Group’s business, can be found in the “Regulatory Information” section of this
Prospectus.
14

--- Page 15 ---
The Group may be subject to changes in tax laws or regulations, or their respective
interpretations.
Although the Group does not have substantial operations in the United Kingdom, the Group is
headed by a holding company incorporated and tax resident in the United Kingdom. This exposes
the Group to the United Kingdom’s international tax regime, including its controlled foreign
companies regime, and makes the United Kingdom tax position more difficult to manage. The
treatment of such international groups under United Kingdom tax law has been, and may again be,
subject to significant change.
Tax legislation and interpretation in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates have been subject
to significant change. In general, the Group sees less clarity in tax legislation in its overseas markets
than in the United Kingdom, and some uncertainty generally arising from the fact that court decisions
are often not binding as precedents. Coupled with this, a home credit business has a number of
unusual features which may make it unclear as to how overseas tax authorities will tax certain
aspects of the operations. For example, the rules which determine the extent to which tax relief for
impairment is obtained are often very complex and in certain jurisdictions in which the Group
operates have been, or are potentially, subject to significant change. A restriction in the availability
of tax deductions for impairment could significantly increase the Group’s tax liabilities and reduce
post-tax returns, which may limit the resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the
Notes.
Adverse changes in, or conflicting interpretations of, tax legislation and practice in the different
jurisdictions in which the Group operates may lead to an increase in the Group’s taxation liabilities
and effective tax rate. As with other international groups, the Group is subject to the risk of future
changes to the taxation treatment of cross-border transactions arising as a result of the
implementation of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s Action Plan on
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting. As with other financial services institutions, the Group is subject
to the risk of additional taxation arising from new taxes levied on the financial sector, either at a
national level or at an EU level, including a tax on financial transactions, if implemented. Following
Brexit, certain intra-group payments of dividends and interest are now subject to withholding taxes,
which the Group estimates will be approximately £1-2 million per year.
In late 2017, the European Commission opened a State Aid investigation into the “group financing
exemption” contained in the UK controlled foreign company rules, which were introduced in 2013.
In April 2019, the EU announced its finding that the group financing exemption is partially
incompatible with EU State Aid rules. In common with other UK-based international companies
whose intra-group finance arrangements are in line with the UK’s controlled foreign company rules,
the Group is affected by this decision. On 12 February 2021, Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs
(“HMRC”) issued a charging notice, following the introduction of new legislation in December 2020
empowering HMRC to issue such notices, in order to collect allegedly unlawful State Aid. The
charging notice required a payment of £14.2 million with respect to accounting periods ended 2013
to 2018, which was paid in February 2021, with a further amount of interest estimated at
approximately £1.3 million payable in due course. The payment of this amount is a procedural
matter, and the new law does not allow for postponement. IPF has appealed the charging notice on
the grounds of the quantum assessed. Whether the UK’s group financing exemption regime
constitutes State Aid is ultimately to be decided and the Group awaits a decision of the General
Court of the European Union on this matter. The UK government has filed an annulment application
before the General Court of the European Union. In common with a number of other affected
taxpayers, IPF has also filed its own annulment application. Based on legal advice received
regarding the strength of the technical position set out in the annulment applications, it is expected
to be more likely than not that the payment that the Group has made under the charging notice will
ultimately be repaid.
HMRC has initiated a review of the compliance of the Group’s finance company, IPF Management
Unlimited Company (“IPF Management”), with certain conditions under the UK domestic tax rules
to confirm whether IPF Management is eligible for the benefits of the group financing exemption
which it has claimed in its historical tax returns. IPF believes that all conditions have been complied
with and has sought legal advice with regard to the interpretation of the relevant legislative
conditions. As part of the review, HMRC raised a discovery assessment with a view to protecting
its position before certain time limits expired and which IPF Management has appealed. The legal
advice confirmed IPF’s view that it is more likely than not that IPF Management will succeed in
defending its position. The amount at stake for years up to and including 2018 is approximately
15

--- Page 16 ---
£7.3 million. This domestic tax issue and the State Aid issue are mutually exclusive, and the UK
legislation implemented in December 2020 and referred to above includes provisions to ensure no
double charge to tax arises.
The Group is currently subject to a tax audit in Mexico with respect to 2017. The Mexican tax
authority has issued a decision assessing tax and interest of approximately £1 million in total; the
decision has been appealed and a court hearing is awaited. The total exposure for all years that are
open to audit by the Mexican tax authority is estimated to be approximately £2.8 million.
Changes to taxation law, which includes rules governing indirect taxes, personal taxes and capital
taxes, may also affect the attractiveness of certain products offered by the Group. This could result
in a significant reduction in sales of those products which, in turn, could have a material adverse
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. As with other financial
services institutions operating within the UK and the EU, changes to the VAT treatment of financial
services may materially and adversely affect, among other things, the Group’s sales and pricing of
its products and the Group’s profitability. Changes in the scope of VAT exempt financial services
may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s VAT position in terms of the VAT status of
supplies to customers and of services received from suppliers including agents. The withdrawal of
the UK from the EU has not adversely affected the Group’s VAT position, as at the date of this
Prospectus, but any divergence of UK and EU rules in the future may alter the impact of indirect
taxes such as VAT on the Group.
Furthermore, the European Commission initiated a public consultation, which closed in May 2021,
to obtain the views of stakeholders and public authorities of the EU Member States on the current
VAT rules for financial and insurance services and their functioning, as provided under the EU VAT
Directive (Council Directive 2006/112/EC), as well as on possible changes to these rules. Any
legislative changes with regard to the VAT treatment of financial services may have a material
impact on the Group’s VAT position, although any changes to the VAT Directive would require
unanimity from the EU Member States. The European Commission currently intends to put forward
a proposal for a Directive in the fourth quarter of 2021.
Challenges to the tax treatment of arrangements amongst the companies in the Group could
materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial and operating results.
There are a number of significant intra-Group cross-border transactions that take place between
various of the Group’s UK and non-UK subsidiaries, including derivative transactions, sales of debt
and debt participations, provision of finance and guarantees and provision of services and know
how. Intra-group transactions are priced, for transfer pricing purposes, on what is considered to be
an arm’s length basis. Where provision is made from the United Kingdom, the pricing has been
discussed in advance with HMRC, and the pricing methodology in respect of intra-Group loans and
the provision of guarantees of third party debt has been agreed with HMRC under advanced pricing
agreements for the accounting periods through to April 2021.
Were the tax treatment of any of these intra-Group cross-border transactions to change in the future
to the Group’s detriment (for example as a result of a negative assessment by a tax authority), the
Group may face additional taxation costs, which may in turn impact its results of operations and
underlying financial condition. This may limit the resources of the Issuer available to the Issuer to
make payments under the Notes.
Legal characterisation of the status of agents.
In Poland, the Czech Republic and Mexico, each home credit agent is treated as being self-
employed rather than being an employee or agent of the relevant member of the Group. In Hungary
and Romania, however, business entities must perform their usual business activities through
employees. There is a risk that the interpretation of employee or agent could be challenged or that
changes to law or regulation could require the Group to employ the home credit agents who
presently operate as self-employed. A challenge in any jurisdiction, if successful, could result in
increased costs of operation for the Group, or may require the Group to reassess its home credit
business model and/or discontinue its operations in the affected locality. It may also render the
relevant entity within the Group liable to, amongst other things, fines, additional taxation (on an
ongoing and backward looking basis) or non-financial penalties or require changes to be made to
its employee and/or agent remuneration and structure. Any such taxation, penalties or changes
16

--- Page 17 ---
may materially and adversely impact the Group’s operating results, financial condition and
prospects, on either a one-off or ongoing basis, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to
make payments under the Notes.
Legal challenges to contractual terms and collective redress.
Losses may arise or liabilities may be incurred from defective transactions or contracts, either where
contractual obligations are not enforceable or are judged unlawful or do not allocate rights and
obligations as intended. This may arise in a number of ways.
The Group may incur losses if it cannot recover all or part of the debt from its customers because
its contracts with those customers are held to be partly or wholly unenforceable. For example, local
or national courts may find a customer contract to be in breach of anti-usury or ‘‘good morals’’ laws
and regulation and therefore unlawful, thereby also increasing the risk that the number of claims by
customers seeking to avoid their loan repayments and/or any accrued interest or fees will increase.
Failure by the Group to sustain effective debt recovery methods or a loss in confidence of the Group
to recover debt under its contracts with customers, by recourse to the courts or otherwise, could
severely impede the Group’s business in the affected jurisdiction. In addition, collective redress
mechanisms or class action litigation as a means of addressing mass consumer claims in several
of the Group’s territories may pose a risk of the relevant subsidiary being party to a collective dispute
in the event that it commences litigation, or if litigation is commenced against it.
Any such factors may materially and adversely impact the Group’s operating results, financial
condition and prospects, on either a one-off or ongoing basis, which may adversely affect the
Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes.
Business risks
Changes in the small sum credit markets in any of the Group’s markets and, in particular, an
increase in competition in any of the Group’s markets.
There is the risk of the level of competition continuing and intensifying from existing or new
competitors in the small sum credit markets in which the Group operates (the home credit sector,
the small sum credit card sector and other credit product sectors). The Group’s business model,
which has high direct and overhead costs, may become unsustainable in the face of competition
from other lenders who operate business models with lower costs or, through disruptive business
models or otherwise, offer customers more contemporary and relevant channels and products.
Competition from (principally digital) remote lenders for those customers at the higher socio-
economic end of the home credit sector could intensify as the prime market matures and mainstream
financial institutions seek to attract customers who are deemed to be of lower creditworthiness.
Aspiring competitors may be prepared to offer loan products in the small sum credit sector at lower
prices than the Group is able to offer.
An increase in competition may reduce market share leading to increased costs of customer
acquisition and retention, reduced credit issued, greater difficulty for the Group in recruiting and
retaining high calibre staff, lower revenue and lower profitability, all of which may, in turn, affect the
Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes.
The Group may not be able to successfully implement a new product group or strategy for
the acquisition of new customers or a new pricing or credit assessment method or analytical
tools and data.
The Group may seek to introduce new product groups, pricing and credit assessment analysis
methods and uses of data in order to retain existing customers whose needs have evolved, and to
attract new customers for whom the existing product offering or methods of acquisition are
unattractive or ineffective and/or for whom more competitive pricing and more sophisticated
underwriting processes are required. The new businesses and products may not be able to attain
the forecast returns and the Group may make errors of judgement in the conception, planning and/or
implementation of these strategies and methods which may materially and adversely affect its results
of operations and financial condition, which may, in turn, affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments
under the Notes.
17

--- Page 18 ---
The COVID-19 pandemic has materially affected, and may continue to materially affect, the
Group’s businesses.
The COVID-19 pandemic, the measures imposed by governments in response, and their
consequent economic effects have impacted all of the Group’s markets and the businesses
operating in those markets. For further information in relation to the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on the Group, see the sections of the 2021 Half Year Report entitled “Market Overview
and Covid-19 response strategy” on page 4, “Group performance” on pages 4 to 6, “Strategy” on
page 6 and “Business division performance update” on pages 7 to 11.
Additional waves of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the reimposition or tightening of existing regulatory
restrictions or the imposition of additional regulatory restrictions, in any of the Group’s markets may
adversely affect the Group’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition; all of which
may have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes.
Segmental business model strategy.
The Group’s current business model is concentrated through a home credit business model (the
provision of small sum unsecured loans with optional home collection service) and a digital credit
model. The Group’s strategy includes the development of its product offerings and expansion
through existing and new markets. In the shorter term this concentration toward the home credit
business model increases exposure to adverse regulatory or competitive threats.
Furthermore, the Group’s concentrated business model means that, were the consumer credit
regulatory landscape to change to its detriment, its costs of compliance, amongst other things, may
materially increase. This may in turn have a material impact on the ability of the Group to maintain
its current product offering, impacting negatively on its underlying profitability and, in turn, adversely
affecting the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. See “The Group may be affected
by changes in financial services regulation, or other laws or regulations applicable to the Group, or
the interpretations or enforcement thereof” for further information on the regulatory risks the Group
faces.
Operational risk
Failure to attract, engage, motivate and retain sufficient depth of capability and quality of people
at all levels of the Group’s business.
The Group’s strategy may be impacted by not having sufficient depth and quality of people or being
unable to retain key people and treat them in accordance with its values and ethical standards.
Therefore the Group is dependent upon its ability to attract, engage, develop, retain and
appropriately reward the right agents, management and key executives who are able to collaborate
to deliver the pillars of the Group’s strategy. There can be no assurances that such people will
remain with or, as the case may be, join the Group.
The Group needs to continue to engage agents in the home credit businesses in order to both service
existing customers and seek new business in an increasingly competitive environment. The success
of the Group’s strategy to expand the business will depend upon the Group’s ability to attract, engage,
develop, retain and appropriately incentivise a sufficient number of agents on a sustained basis.
The Group’s strategy to grow its digital business also relies upon the creation of a dynamic and
modern culture which is attractive to people who want to build a career in the digital market place.
Failure to attract, engage, develop, retain and appropriately reward the right people in the digital
sector will negatively impact the growth of the digital business.
The Group aims to have sufficient breadth of capabilities and depth of personnel to ensure that it
can meet its strategic objectives. However, the loss of key personnel or of a substantial number of
talented employees, or an inability to attract, retain and motivate the calibre of agents, operational
managers and employees required for the continuation, and the expansion, of the Group’s activities
could cause disruption to the Group’s business and have a material adverse effect on its business,
growth prospects, results of operations and financial condition; all of which may have an adverse
impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes.
Possible risks to agent and employee safety.
The personal safety of agents and employees continues to be a priority of the Group, and, to that
end, the Group has implemented formal health and safety policies and procedures that are managed
18

--- Page 19 ---
by designated safety managers in every market and overseen by a competent person at the Group’s
head office. The Group has also sought and obtained independent safety standard accreditations.
Notwithstanding the aforementioned precautions taken by the Group, a small number of the Group’s
agents and employees have nevertheless sustained fatal or other personal injuries during the course
of, or for reasons related to, their work for the Group over a number of years.
The risks of personal injury or illness (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) to the
Group’s agents or employees could affect the ability of the Group to retain and engage agents or
employees to perform home collection services, or the ability or willingness of its managers to visit
customers, could give rise to an increase in personal injury claims against the Group and may
damage the reputation, brands and profitability of the Group, all of which may impact the Issuer’s
ability to make payments under the Notes.
There could be a change in legislation, regulations, rules, guidance, codes of conduct and
government policies relating to the health and safety of agents and employees performing the home
collection service (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic), which may require the Group
to review its agent delivery and collection model and which may be adverse to the business, results
of operations and financial condition of the Group and may impact the Issuer’s ability to make
payments under the Notes.
The Group may be adversely affected by the failure to manage change.
In order to successfully implement its strategy, the Group has established certain procedures in
order to manage changes that may be required to the Group’s existing business and operations.
These include system pilots, change risk management frameworks, monitoring programmes,
prioritisation methodologies, audits, contingency and business continuity planning and regular
progress reporting. Despite these controls, however, a new project, system, product or guide may
fail to deliver the business benefits required to implement the Group’s business model and/or growth
strategy. A failure in the Group’s management of any change could be for reasons such as non-
compliance with best practice, technology failure, unexpected changes in external conditions and
resource constraints. Failure to deliver on the Group’s change programme could have a material
adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Group may, from time to time, seek to expand its operations by entering into new geographic
markets or making acquisitions of businesses operating in new or established markets. The Group
may not be able to achieve success upon entry into a new geographic market, despite the research
it undertakes before launching into a new market or, in the case of an acquisition of an existing
business in a new geographic market, despite the due diligence it undertakes. The Group may not
be able to successfully support its growth strategy in a newly entered geographic market and/or
realise the expected accretive value of an acquired business if it cannot recruit and retain well-
qualified staff for those businesses. The Group may not be able to take advantage of market
opportunities due to under-performance elsewhere in the Group’s business. The Group may not be
able to meet customer demand or requirements or it may not be able to respond to local economic
and regulatory conditions or to competitive pressure, so that its operations in new geographic
markets or its newly acquired businesses do not perform as expected. This, in turn, may lead to
losses which may impact the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the
Notes.
If the Group consequently disposes of an acquired business, disposes of a business entity (as with
Bulgaria in 2017) or withdraws from a market (as it did in Slovakia and as it is presently doing in
Finland) or from a part of a market (as it did in the case of the home credit business in Lithuania),
the Group will incur costs of disposal or withdrawal and may have lost out on the opportunity of
having instead entered another more appropriate market or acquired a more appropriate business.
In addition, the Group may retain certain historical liabilities associated with the disposed or historical
business. The losses will be of greater magnitude if the Group makes such an error in relation to a
number of markets or acquisitions and this could materially and adversely affect the Group’s
business, results of operations and financial condition, which may impact the cash resources
available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.
Moreover, if future profits do not materialise on entry into a new geographic market or the Group
withdraws from the new geographic market, effective tax relief for start-up losses may not be
available and may lead to an adverse impact on the Group’s overall tax charge, which may impact
the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.
19

--- Page 20 ---
The success of the Group’s business is dependent on the Group’s brands and reputation.
The Group’s success and, in particular, sales and collections, are dependent, in part, upon the
strength of the Group’s brands and the reputation of its business. The Group operates in the
non-bank sector which attracts media interest and regulatory oversight and, as a result, providing
credit in a responsible, transparent and ethical way that meets the Group’s customers’ expectations
is important for a sustainable performance.
The Group could suffer damage to its reputation and brands as a result of negative publicity in
connection with, for example, the perception of unreasonably high charges (when compared with
banks and online lenders) for home credit products and digital loans and/or the behaviour or product
offering of competitors operating in the same market. Negative publicity could also result from the
activities of politicians, legislators, consumer protection agencies and the media. Such adverse
publicity could directly affect customer consideration for the Group’s products and their contractual
repayments and result in increased regulation around pricing, debt to income levels and taxation with
an adverse impact on the Group’s financial performance. In addition, a poor reputation could make
it more difficult for the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre employees to deliver its home credit
and digital business strategy (in respect of which, see “Failure to attract, engage, motivate and
retain sufficient depth of capability and quality of people at all levels of the Group’s business”).
Any deterioration in the Group’s brands and reputation may impact the business, results of
operations and financial condition of the Group, which may, in turn, adversely affect the Issuer’s
ability to make payments under the Notes.
System and technological failures or ineffectiveness, breakdown of operating processes,
systems or controls, failure of business continuity planning, corruption of databases and service
disruption.
The Group’s business depends on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and
accurately. The Group’s ability to develop business intelligence systems, to monitor and manage
collections, to maintain financial and operating controls, to monitor and manage its risk exposures
across the Group, to keep accurate records, to provide high-quality customer service and to develop
and sell profitable products and services in the future depends on the success of its business
continuity and contingency planning, the uninterrupted and efficient operation of its information and
communications systems, including its information technology and the successful development and
implementation of new systems.
There is a risk that the Group encounters losses if there is a systematic breakdown of operating
procedures, processes, systems or controls that underpin the business model. Losses can result
from inadequate or failed internal control processes and protection systems, human error, fraud or
external events that interrupt normal business operations. This may result in a loss of data and a
failure to provide quality service to customers. The Group’s (as well as the Group’s third party service
providers’) information technology, databases and other systems may be subject to damage or
interruption from natural disasters (as in Mexico, following an earthquake in September 2017),
floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures and similar events as well as to damage from
the introduction to its systems of incorrect programming language by its employees and contractors.
These systems may also be subject to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage,
vandalism, malicious cyber-attack, ransomware and similar misconduct.
Although the Group has in place certain business continuity and contingency plans to guard against
service disruptions, the Group’s business continuity plans may prove to be unsuccessful against
such disruptions.
If any of the above risks materialise, the interruption or failure of the Group’s information technology
and other systems (or the failure of those provided by third party service providers and software
providers) could impair the Group’s ability to provide its services effectively, causing direct financial
loss, and may compromise the Group’s strategic initiatives. In addition, it could damage the Group’s
reputation if customers believe its systems are unreliable which, in turn, could have an adverse
effect on the Group’s ability to collect loan repayments from customers and to attract new and retain
existing customers. Technology failure or underperformance could also result in a higher number
of customer and agent disputes and may increase the Group’s litigation and regulatory exposure or
require it to incur higher administrative costs (including remediation costs). Further, a loss of any
20

--- Page 21 ---
customer database may require an expensive and time-consuming effort to endeavour to retrieve
or recreate the lost data which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations and
financial situation and damage its reputation and brands. All of the foregoing may impact the cash
resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.
Failure by a member of the Group to comply with privacy and data protection laws and regulation
may lead to action being taken against that member and/or the Group.
The Group relies on the collection and use of information from customers to conduct its business.
It discloses its information collection and usage practices in a published privacy policy on the
websites of its operating entities, which may be modified from time to time to meet operational needs
or changes in the law or industry best practice. Companies within the Group may be subject to
investigative or enforcement actions by data protection authorities, legal claims and reputational
damage if they act, or are perceived to be acting, inconsistently with the terms of any privacy policy,
customer expectations or applicable law. In addition, concern among customers about the Group’s
privacy practices could deter them from using its services and require the alteration of its business
practices with attendant costs and possible loss of revenue.
Concerns may be expressed about whether the Group’s use of data compromises the privacy of
customers. Concerns about the Group’s collection, use or sharing of personal information or other
privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could damage its reputation and operating results.
Data protection legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates (or the
interpretation or application thereof) may change in the future and impose new burdensome
requirements, compliance with which may increase the Group’s costs or require it to change the way
it conducts business with attendant costs and possible loss of revenue, which may, in turn, impact
the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.
The Group may be affected by disputes with, or the failure or ceasing of adequate provision of
services by, key third party suppliers.
The Group engages third parties to provide certain ancillary services which are material to the
Group’s business (for example, the provision of equipment, software and associated services in
connection with operational management software). Disputes arising with, or failure of adequate
provision of services by, third parties who provide ancillary services which are material to the Group’s
business may cause disruption to the Group’s operations, result in losses, lead to incurred legal
and court costs and also detract management’s time from the Group’s business, thereby adversely
affecting it, its results of operations and its financial condition.
The Group may incur losses if a counterparty, such as a key supplier or operational partner, ceases
to operate. There is a risk of business failure of a counterparty such as an IT services outsourcer,
which may cause significant disruption to the business or impact upon the Group’s ability to operate.
In such circumstances, there may be an impact on the cash resources available to the Issuer to
make payments under the Notes.
Catastrophes, pandemics and weather-related events may adversely affect the Group.
The Group’s business relies on the ability of agents to arrange loans in the home service markets,
on customers having sufficient household income to repay those loans and on agents visiting
customers to collect payment or customers being able to make payments through alternative
collection channels. Catastrophes, pandemics and weather-related events including, but not limited
to, natural disasters, severe storms, flooding and prolonged periods of snow or freezing weather can
all affect both the ability of agents/employees to arrange and collect loans, as well as the ability of
customers to repay loans if their household income is significantly reduced as a result or if access
to repayment channels is restricted. The incidence and severity of catastrophes, pandemics and
weather-related events are inherently unpredictable. Catastrophes, pandemics and weather-related
events, therefore, may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows, which, in turn, may impact the cash resources
available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.
21

--- Page 22 ---
Impairment of the value of intellectual property or failure to maintain database integrity could
diminish the competitive position of the Group.
The Group relies on intellectual property laws to protect its rights to certain aspects of its systems,
brands, products, processes, and databases. If there is any unauthorised use or infringement of
the Group’s intellectual property rights and the Group fails to enforce such rights, or the Group fails
to maintain its database rights and the database’s integrity, the value of the Group’s products and
services could be diminished, its competitive position could be adversely affected and its business
may suffer. Third party rights in respect of the ‘‘Provident” or any of the Group’s other brand names
may exist in some countries in which the Group does business or intends to do business in the
future. If such third party right owners brought infringement proceedings, the Group’s right to use
such brand names in such countries may be restricted or impaired, which may impact the
performance of the Group’s businesses, which, in turn, may impact the cash resources available to
the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.
There are also risks inherent in using the same name as another entity, as the Group may suffer
adverse consequences as a result of any damage to the ‘‘Provident” brand (which is used by
Provident Financial group in the UK, which has recently announced its withdrawal from the home
credit sector), which may impact on the performance of the Group’s businesses, which, in turn, may
impact the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer.
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any
redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest
rate on the Notes. At those times, an Investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential Investors should consider
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium.
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Higher volatility can in turn depress the market value of such securities, as price volatility is an
unattractive feature of an investment for an Investor seeking stable returns.
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”.
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rate, equity, commodity, foreign exchange rate and other types
of rates and indices which are deemed to be ‘benchmarks’ have been the subject of regulatory
scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and reform. These reforms may
cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or disappear entirely, or there could be
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material
adverse effect on any Notes that are linked to such a benchmark.
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the European official journal on 29 June 2016 and
the majority of its provisions became fully applicable in the EU on 1 January 2018 (subject to certain
transitional provisions). The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to ‘contributors’, ‘administrators’ and
‘users’ of benchmarks in the EU. It (a) requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or
registered and to comply with requirements relating to the administration of benchmarks, (b)
prohibits the use in the EU of benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not authorised
or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and (c) prohibits the use in the EU
22

--- Page 23 ---
of benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators which are either not authorised or registered and
subject to supervision in a jurisdiction in respect of which an ‘equivalence’ decision has been
adopted in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation or, where such equivalence decision
is pending, ‘recognised’ by the competent authorities of applicable EU Member State(s). An
exception to this is that a benchmark provided by a non-EU administrator can itself be endorsed for
use in the EU by an EU authorised or registered administrator or an EU-based supervised entity,
following authorisation of the endorsement by the relevant competent authority. The UK Benchmarks
Regulation became fully applicable in the UK at the end of the transitional period following the UK’s
exit from the EU and, among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a
benchmark in the UK. Similarly to the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it prohibits the use in the UK by
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or
endorsed). Both the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a
material impact on Floating Rate Notes linked to a benchmark rate as, for example, it may have the
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain
benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to
the disappearance of certain benchmarks.
It is anticipated that the majority of LIBOR rates will cease to be published on 31 December 2021
(although certain rates are expected to be published for a further period, and some rates may be
continued on a “non-representative” synthetic basis) and it is possible that other benchmarks may
cease to be published (in their current form or at all) in the future. The potential elimination of a
benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, may require an
adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes
linked to such benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes) depending on the specific
provisions of the relevant terms and conditions applicable to the Notes.
More broadly, prospective Investors should in particular be aware that any of the international or
national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of interest rates and indices which are
deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the application of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK
Benchmarks Regulation), could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer
or contribute to the benchmark, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the
benchmark, or lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other
consequential changes as a result of the application of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK
Benchmarks Regulation or other international or national reforms, initiatives or investigations, could
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes whose rate of interest
or principal return is linked to a benchmark (including, but not limited to, Floating Rate Notes) and
result in the effective application pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of either (i) an alternative
floating rate selected in accordance with specified fallback procedures, or (ii) fixed rate based on the
rate or rates which applied or were offered in the previous Interest Period when such benchmark
was available.
Notes linked to a benchmark – benchmark discontinuation.
Screen Rate Determination
Where Screen Rate Determination – Applicable (Term Rate) (as defined in the Terms and
Conditions of the Notes) specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest (as
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) shall be determined by reference to the Relevant
Screen Page (or its successor or replacement) (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the
Notes). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and
Conditions of the Notes) is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or
replacement, may be available.
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant
Screen Page is available, the Terms and Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined
by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation
Agent.
23

--- Page 24 ---
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately
revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (as
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) before the Original Reference Rate was
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of
quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate
is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
Benchmark Events
Benchmark Events (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) include (amongst other
events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in the
Terms and Conditions of the Notes). The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) to
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of
Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current
form.
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined
by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms
and Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative
Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders.
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and
Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser
and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.
The Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) is (i) the spread,
formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (which may include a
relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if
no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, formula
or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or
(iii) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread,
formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate
or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be.
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.
Potential for a fixed rate return
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not
be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Notes.
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the
Independent Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser
has failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period,
24

--- Page 25 ---
it will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next
succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, is likely to result in Notes linked
to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a
lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined.
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of
Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the
Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes.
ISDA Determination
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest
in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the
2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option,
the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate
determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently
discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available,
the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be
applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes.
The debt capital markets have recently adopted “risk free rates” as reference rates for newly-issued
floating rate debt securities in place of screen rates (such as LIBOR). In the case of sterling, the
market has moved to the use of SONIA as a replacement for sterling LIBOR. SONIA (like other risk
free rates) differs from LIBOR (and other screen rates) in a number of material respects. In addition,
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference
rate in the capital markets. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term reference rates (which seek
to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average rate over a designated term).
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly
from that set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes
that reference a SONIA rate issued under the Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when
compared with any previous Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA issued under the Programme.
As SONIA is published and calculated by the Bank of England based on data received from other
sources, the Group has no control over SONIA’s ongoing calculation or publication. There can be
no guarantee that SONIA will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is
materially adverse to the interests of Investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to or which reference
a SONIA rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Terms and
Conditions will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Investors). The Bank of England
does not have an obligation to consider the interests of Investors in calculating, adjusting, converting,
revising or discontinuing SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed, that change
may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on such Floating Rate Notes, which may
result in a fall in the trading prices of such Floating Rate Notes in the secondary market.
Furthermore, the interest payable on Floating Rate Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only
capable of being determined at the end of the relevant observation period and shortly prior to the
relevant Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). It may
therefore be difficult for Investors in Floating Rate Notes which reference a SONIA rate to estimate
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes.
Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based debt instruments, if Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA
become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default (as defined in the Terms and Conditions
25

--- Page 26 ---
of the Notes) under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate
Notes will only be determined on or immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes
become due and payable and will not be reset thereafter.
Investors should also be aware that the manner of adoption or application of SONIA as a reference
rate in the international debt capital markets may differ materially compared with the application and
adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA as reference rates across these
markets may impact any hedging or other arrangements which Investors may put in place in
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes linked to or which reference a SONIA rate.
Since SONIA is a relatively new rate in the debt capital markets, Floating Rate Notes linked to or
which reference a SONIA rate may have no, or a limited, established secondary market when issued
and an established secondary market may never develop or may not be very liquid.
Risks related to Notes generally
The price of the Notes may fluctuate from time to time and may be less than the amount paid by
an Investor for the Notes.
If an Investor chooses to sell its Notes issued under the Programme in the open market at any time
prior to the maturity of the Notes, the price the Investor will receive from a purchaser may be less
than its original investment, and may be less than the amount due to be repaid at the maturity of the
Notes if an Investor were to hold onto the Notes until that time. Factors that will influence the price
received by Investors who choose to sell their Notes in the open market may include, but are not
limited to, market appetite, inflation, the period of time remaining to maturity of the Notes, prevailing
interest rates and the financial position of the Issuer. In addition, inflation may reduce the real value
of the Notes over time which may affect what Investors can buy with their investments in the future
(including on the maturity of the Notes).
Modification, waivers and substitution.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to
bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or the waiver or authorisation of any breach or
proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes, (ii) determine without the consent of the
Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, (iii)
the substitution of another company in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Notes in the
circumstances described in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or (iv) the release
of a Guarantor or the accession of a new Guarantor in certain circumstances.
Change of law.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue
of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision
or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes.
Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Notes by, for example, calling into doubt
in some way any of the rights and remedies under English law available to Noteholders as at the
date of issue of their Notes, and which were therefore an intrinsic element of the value ascribed to
such Notes at the date of issue.
Notes subject to redemption for tax reasons.
In the event that the Issuer or any Guarantor (i) has or will become obliged to increase the amounts
payable in respect of any Notes or Coupons due to any withholding or deduction for any taxes,
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected,
withheld or assessed by the United Kingdom or any political subdivision or authority thereof or
therein having power to tax, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations
of the United Kingdom or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power
26

--- Page 27 ---
to tax, or any change in the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the
first tranche of the relevant series of Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer
(or the relevant Guarantor(s), as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, the
Issuer may redeem all of the outstanding Notes of the relevant series in accordance with their Terms
and Conditions.
The Notes are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme.
Unlike a bank deposit, the Notes are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme
(the “FSCS”) or any equivalent schemes in other jurisdictions. As a result, neither the FSCS, nor
anyone else, will pay compensation to an Investor in the Notes upon the failure of the Issuer, the
Guarantors or the Group as a whole.
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples.
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum
Specified Denomination (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) plus one or more
higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in
amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case,
a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the
minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant
time, will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed)
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one
or more Specified Denominations.
Holding company structure and the structural subordination of Notes.
The Issuer is a holding company and operates its business entirely through its subsidiaries, including
the Guarantors. Each of the Guarantors also operate their business through their respective
operating subsidiaries. Payments on the Notes are structurally subordinated to all existing and future
liabilities and obligations of each operating subsidiary within the Group (the “Group Operating
Subsidiaries”). Claims of creditors of the Group Operating Subsidiaries will generally have priority
as to the assets of such subsidiaries over the Issuer, the Guarantors and their respective creditors,
including holders of the Notes. The Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ respective obligations to make
payments under the Notes are solely obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors, and will not be
guaranteed by any other Group company (including the Group Operating Subsidiaries).
In addition, as holding companies, the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ ability to make payments
depends upon the receipt of dividends, distributions or advances from the Group Operating
Subsidiaries. The ability of the Group Operating Subsidiaries to pay dividends or such other amounts
will be dependent on their profitability and will be subject to applicable laws and regulations and to
restrictions on making payments contained in contractual arrangements.
There are no separate consolidated financial statements available in respect of the Guarantors.
Investors should be aware that, whilst financial information relating to the Guarantors is consolidated
within the 2020 Annual Report and the 2019 Annual Report, each of which are incorporated by
reference into this Prospectus, no separate consolidated financial statements are available with
respect to any of the Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries. Accordingly, this Prospectus
does not contain separate accounts for the Guarantors. The Issuer has accordingly made an
omission request to, and received approval thereof from, the CBI (in respect of EU Notes only) and
the FCA (in respect of UK Notes only) in relation to the requirement contained in the EU Prospectus
Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable) to present in a prospectus historical
financial information with respect to each guarantor of the relevant securities.
Investors should refer to the consolidated financial statements of the Group (including the auditor’s
report thereto and the notes thereon) as set out in Pages 101 to 157 of the 2020 Annual Report, and
on Pages 108 to 160 of the 2019 Annual Report for information on the financial position and
prospects of the Group, including the Guarantors, in respect of the past two financial years.
27

--- Page 28 ---
Risks related to the market
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant
rating agency at any time.
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for EEA regulatory purposes
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under
the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating
agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken in respect of a relevant rating agency
and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Similarly, UK regulated investors are restricted from
using a rating for UK regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The list of registered and
certified rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in accordance with the UK CRA
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken in respect of a
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated FCA list.
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out in the “Important
Notices” section of this Prospectus. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified
in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating of the Programme.
Interest rate risks.
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate. Investors should note that (i) if interest rates start to
rise then the income to be paid by the Notes might become less attractive and the price the Investors
get if they sell such Notes could fall, and (ii) inflation will reduce the real value of the Notes over time
and may make the fixed interest rate on the Notes less attractive in the future. However, the market
price of the Notes has no effect on the interest amounts due on the Notes or what Investors will be
due to be repaid if the Notes are held by the Investors until they mature.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes, and the Guarantors will make payments, in
the Specified Currency (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). This presents certain
risks relating to currency conversions if an Investor’s financial activities are denominated principally
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation
in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the
Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the
principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the
Guarantors to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, Investors may receive less
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
Risk of absence of market-maker.
In the case of any UK Notes issued under the Programme which are tradable on the London Stock
Exchange’s electronic order book for retail bonds (the “ORB”), a market-maker will be appointed in
respect of the relevant Notes from the date of admission of those Notes to trading. Market-making
means that a person will quote prices for buying and selling securities during trading hours.
However, the market-maker may not continue to act as a market-maker for the life of the relevant
Notes. If a replacement market-maker is not appointed in such circumstances, this could have an
adverse impact on an Investor’s ability to sell the relevant Notes.
XIII.7.5
CAT A,C
28

--- Page 29 ---
The secondary market.
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, Investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed
secondary market, or, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, with the yield indicated in the relevant Final
Terms. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, or have been
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of Investors. These types of
Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of
Notes. Moreover, other than in the case of Notes issued under the Programme to be traded on the
ORB, it is not anticipated that a market-maker will be appointed in respect of Notes issued under
the Programme, and the absence of a market-maker for the Notes may severely and adversely
impact the price that an Investor would receive if it wishes to sell its Notes, especially where trading
activity levels are low.
The clearing systems.
The Notes in each Series will be represented by a temporary or permanent Global Note. Such
Global Note may be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the Global Note, an Investor
will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain
records of the interests in the relevant Global Note. While any Notes issued under the Programme
are represented by a Global Note, an Investor will be able to trade their interests only through
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
While Notes are represented by a Global Note, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations
under such Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of an
interest in the Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records
relating to, or payments made in respect of, interests in any Global Note.
Holders of interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes
represented by such Global Note. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent
that they are enabled by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Holding CREST depository interests.
Investors may hold interests in the Notes through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known
as CREST Co Limited) (“CREST”) through the issuance of dematerialised depository interests
(“CDIs”) issued, held, settled and transferred through CREST, representing interests in the Notes
underlying the CDIs (the “Underlying Notes”). Holders of CDIs (the “CDI Holders”) will hold, or
have an interest in, a separate legal instrument and will not be the legal owners of the Underlying
Notes. The rights of CDI Holders to the Underlying Notes are represented by the relevant
entitlements against CREST Depository Limited (the “CREST Depository”) which (through CREST
International Nominees Limited (the “CREST Nominee”)) holds interests in the Underlying Notes.
Accordingly, rights under the Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly
through the intermediary depositaries and custodians. The enforcement of rights under the
Underlying Notes will be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediaries. This could result in
an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the
Underlying Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of any of the relevant intermediaries,
in particular where the Underlying Notes held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose
accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other
customers of the relevant intermediaries.
CDIs are constituted under English law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by the
CREST Depository pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified,
supplemented and/or restated) (the “CREST Deed Poll”). The rights of the CDI Holders will be
governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the
Issuer, including the CREST Deed Poll. Potential Investors should note that the provisions of the
CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual issued by CREST (including the CREST International
29

--- Page 30 ---
Manual dated 14 April 2008) as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the
“CREST Manual”) and the CREST Rules contained in the CREST Manual applicable to the CREST
International Settlement Links Service (the “CREST Rules”) contain indemnities, warranties,
representations and undertakings to be given by CDI Holders, and limitations on the liability of the
CREST Depository. CDI Holders are bound by such provisions and may incur liabilities resulting
from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of
the amounts originally invested by them. As a result, the rights of, and returns received by, CDI
Holders may differ from those of holders of Notes which are not represented by CDIs.
In addition, CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST
Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service (the
“CREST International Settlement Links Service”). These will include the fees and expenses
charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST
Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in
connection with the holding of the Notes through the CREST International Settlement Links Service.
Potential Investors should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Arranger, the Dealers,
the Trustee or the Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by any
intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. The CDIs are not the subject
of this Prospectus.
30

--- Page 31 ---
31
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME
Refer to
The Programme is constituted by a set of master
documents containing standard terms and conditions
and other contractual provisions that can be used by
IPF to undertake any number of issues of Notes from
time to time in the future, subject to a maximum limit,
at any time, of EUR 1,000,000,000. The Terms and
Conditions of the Notes are set out later in this
Prospectus.
The Programme was established on 19 April 2010.
How are Notes
issued under the
Programme?
Whenever the Issuer decides to issue Notes, it
undertakes what is commonly referred to as a
“drawdown”. On a drawdown, documents which are
supplementary to the Programme master documents
are produced, indicating which provisions in the
master documents are relevant to that particular
drawdown and setting out the terms of the Notes to
be issued under the drawdown. The key additional
documents which Investors will need to be aware of
when deciding whether to invest in Notes issued as
part of a drawdown over the 12 month period from the
date of this Prospectus are: (a) any supplement to this
Prospectus and (b) the applicable Final Terms for
such Notes.
Terms and
Conditions of
the Notes
beginning
on page 97,
Supplementary
Prospectus on
page 76 and
the Form of
Final Terms
beginning on
pages 139 and
150
What is the
Programme?
The Programme is a debt issuance programme under
which International Personal Finance plc (“IPF” or the
“Issuer”) as the issuer may, from time to time, issue debt
instruments which are referred to in this Prospectus as
the Notes. Notes are also commonly referred to as
bonds. The payment of all amounts owing in respect of
Notes issued by IPF will be unconditionally and
irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis by
each of IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International Limited
and IPF Digital Group Limited under their respective
guarantees in respect of such Notes (the “Guarantee”)
(in such capacity, each of IPF Holdings Limited,
International Personal Finance Investments Limited, IPF
International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited is
referred to as a “Guarantor”, and together they are
referred to as the “Guarantors”); “unconditionally”
means that, if the Issuer hasn’t paid the relevant amount
due, there is no further condition to be fulfilled before the
guarantee can be called on, and “irrevocably” means that
the Guarantors can’t revoke their guarantee at a later
date. The reference to “on a joint and several basis”
means that any person owed money under the
Guarantee may pursue the obligation against all the
Guarantors together, or any one Guarantor as if that
Guarantor were liable for the whole guaranteed amount.
Terms and
Conditions of
the Notes
beginning on
page 97
V.4.1(i) CAT B
V.4.4 CAT C
V.4.7
V.4.8
V.6.1(i),
CAT B
31

--- Page 32 ---
32
In the event of any significant new factor, material
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information
included in this Prospectus which is capable of
affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose
inclusion or removal from this Prospectus is required
in order to ensure that this Prospectus contains the
necessary information which is material to an Investor
to make an informed assessment of the assets and
liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and
prospects of the Issuer, the Group and any Guarantor,
and the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons
for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the
Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to this
Prospectus or prepare and publish a new Prospectus,
in each case, for use in connection with such Notes.
Each set of Final Terms sets out the specific terms of
each issue of Notes under the Programme. Each set
of Final Terms is intended to be read alongside the
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and the two
together provide the specific terms of the Notes
relevant to a specific drawdown.
Each set of Final Terms in respect of EU Notes will be
submitted to the CBI and Euronext Dublin and/or the
operator of any other EU Regulated Market and
published by the Issuer in accordance with the EU
Prospectus Regulation and in compliance with the
other requirements of the local law of the relevant EEA
Member State, if applicable.
Each set of Final Terms in respect of UK Notes will be
submitted to the FCA and the LSE and/or the operator
of any other UK Regulated Market and published by
the Issuer in accordance with the UK Prospectus
Regulation
and
in
compliance
with
the
other
requirements of UK law, if applicable.
Fixed Rate Notes
Fixed Rate Notes are Notes where the interest rate
payable by the Issuer on the Notes is fixed, for the life
of the Notes, as a set percentage at the time of issue.
Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes are Notes where the interest rate is
calculated by reference to a fluctuating benchmark rate.
Under the Programme, that benchmark rate will be one
of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Paris
Interbank Offered Rate (PIBOR), the Warsaw Interbank
Offered Rate (WIBOR), the Prague Interbank Offered
Rate (PRIBOR), the Romanian Interbank Offered Rate
(ROBOR),
the
Budapest
Interbank
Offered
Rate
(BUBOR), the Interés Interbancaria de Equilibrio (TIIE) or
the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR) (each a
“Term Rate”) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average
(SONIA). The appropriate benchmark rate is likely to be
dictated by, among other things, the currency in which
the Notes are denominated. So, for a Floating Rate Note
What types of
Notes may be
issued under the
Programme?
The following types of Notes, or a combination of them,
may be issued under the Programme: Fixed Rate
Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes.
Terms and
Conditions of
the Notes
beginning on
page 97 and
the Form of
Final Terms
beginning on
pages 139 and
150
V.4.7(vi) CAT B
XIII 4.8(vi)
CAT A

--- Page 33 ---
33
denominated in Polish Zloty, the benchmark rate chosen
by the Issuer might be WIBOR (though the Issuer would
be free to choose one of the other rates listed above if for
any reason it felt it was more appropriate to a particular
issuance of Notes).
Term Rate Floating Rate Notes
The floating interest rate for Floating Rate Notes that
reference a Term Rate is calculated on or about the start
of each new interest period and applies for the length of
that interest period. Therefore, such Floating Rate Notes
in effect have a succession of fixed interest rates which
are recalculated on or about the start of each new
interest period.
SONIA Floating Rate Notes
SONIA is an overnight interest rate, whilst the interest
periods for Floating Rate Notes (including those that
reference SONIA) will typically be longer (by way of
example only, three or six months). Therefore, for
Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA, the daily
SONIA rate must be aggregated to determine the
interest payable in respect of each interest period. This
is achieved by compounding the daily SONIA rates
over a period of time equivalent to the length of the
relevant interest period. The relevant daily SONIA
rates used in this calculation are the daily SONIA rates
for a period that lags behind the relevant interest
period by a set number of days that will be specified in
the
Final
Terms.
This
mechanism
means
that
Investors and IPF will not know the relevant floating
rate at the start of each interest period, but only after
the end of the relevant observation period.
Although the floating interest rates applicable to the
Floating Rate Notes will be based on benchmark
rates, Floating Rate Notes will typically also include a
fixed percentage margin which is added to (or
subtracted from) the benchmark rate.
Zero Coupon Notes
Zero Coupon Notes are Notes which do not carry any
interest but are generally issued at a deep discount to
their nominal amount. Zero Coupon Notes are repaid
at their full amount. Therefore, if Investors purchase
Zero Coupon Notes on their issue date and hold them
to maturity, their return will be the difference between
the issue price and the nominal amount of the Zero
Coupon Notes paid on maturity. Alternatively, they
might realise a return on Zero Coupon Notes through
a sale prior to their maturity.
The specific details of each issue of Notes will be
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
34
The Final Terms in respect of any Floating Rate Notes
will not include any indication of yield.
Why are there two
forms of Final
Terms and which
one should I be
looking at?
The UK Prospectus Regulation requires the Issuer to
give more disclosure in respect of UK Retail Notes than
it does in respect of UK Wholesale Notes, on the basis
that lower denomination Notes are more likely to be
bought by less sophisticated Investors who might benefit
from additional information. There are therefore two
different forms of Final Terms included in this document,
one with slightly more disclosure items than the other,
and which one will be used will depend on the
denomination of the Notes as made clear in the legend
appearing in the very first paragraph of each form of
Final Terms.
Form of
Final Terms
beginning
on pages
139 and 150
What is the yield
on Fixed Rate
Notes and Zero
Coupon Notes?
The yield in respect of each issue of Fixed Rate Notes
and Zero Coupon Notes will be calculated on the basis
of the Issue Price and specified in the applicable Final
Terms. Yield is not an indication of future price.
Investors can find a sample calculation of yield set out
on page 164.
General
Information
– 15
beginning
on page 161
V.4.9(i)
CAT B, C
How will the price
of the Notes be
determined?
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a
discount or premium to their nominal amount. The price
and amount of Notes to be issued from time to time
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer
and the relevant Dealer or Dealers at the time of
“pricing” of the Notes in accordance with prevailing
market conditions. The issue price for each tranche will
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Form of
Final Terms
beginning
on pages
139 and 150
IV7.1
IV7.2
V.5.3.1(ii)
CAT B
Have any Notes
been issued under
the Programme to
date?
As of the date of this Prospectus, IPF has made
seventeen issuances under the Programme.
N/A
Why has the
Programme been
established? What
will the proceeds
be used for?
The Group established the Programme in order to
diversify their sources of funding and the debt maturity
profile of the Group. The net proceeds from each issue of
Notes will be applied by the Group for its general
corporate purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue
of Notes under the Programme there is a particular
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the
applicable Final Terms.
N/A
V.3.2 CATC
What is the
relationship
between the
Issuer and the
Group?
All references to the Group are to IPF, its subsidiaries
(which include the Guarantors) and its subsidiary
undertakings taken as a whole. IPF is the ultimate
holding company of the Group. IPF’s financial
condition depends upon the receipt of funds provided
by other members of the Group.
N/A

--- Page 35 ---
35
Upon maturity, the Notes will pay a fixed redemption
amount. In addition, the Notes may provide for early
redemption at the option of the Issuer (a call option)
or at the option of the Investor (a put option).
Call Options
A call option gives the Issuer the right to redeem the
Notes before the final maturity date at a predetermined
price (or a price determined in part by reference to
another bond referred to as a “make-whole”) on one or
more specified dates, which will be set out in the Final
Terms. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Investor
will be paid a pre-specified redemption value plus any
accrued and unpaid interest or the “make-whole”
amount calculated in accordance with the Terms and
Conditions.
Put Option
A put option gives the Investor the right to require the
Issuer to redeem such Investor’s Notes before the final
maturity date at a predetermined price on one or more
specified dates, which will be set out in the Final
Terms. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Investor
will be paid a pre-specified redemption value plus any
accrued and unpaid interest.
Bullet Redemption
Unless Notes are terminated early, are purchased and
cancelled, or are adjusted in accordance with their
Terms and Conditions, the Investor will receive, on the
maturity date for each Note that such Investor holds,
an amount equal to (x) the nominal amount, multiplied
by (y) the amount per calculation amount specified in
the relevant Final Terms. Both the calculation amount
and the amount per calculation amount are set out in
the Final Terms, and are used to determine what
proportion of the nominal amount will be payable by
the Issuer on the maturity date.
The terms and conditions of the Notes do, however,
contain
a
“negative
pledge”,
which
gives
the
Noteholders some protection from the Issuer or
Guarantors creating security in favour of other
creditors holding securities similar to the Notes.
Will the Notes
issued under the
Programme be
guaranteed?
The payment of all amounts owing in respect of Notes
issued by IPF will, for so long as IPF has any
outstanding financial indebtedness, be unconditionally
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantors.
N/A
Will the Notes
issued under the
Programme be
secured?
The Issuer’s obligations to pay interest and principal
on the Notes issued under the Programme will not be
secured either by any of the Issuer’s or any other
member of the Group’s assets, revenues or otherwise.
Terms and
Conditions of
the Notes
beginning on
page 97
How are the Notes
redeemed? What
is a call option
and a put option
and what will you
get paid upon the
exercise of these
options?

--- Page 36 ---
Applications have been made:
(i)
in respect of the EEA Admission:
(a)
to the CBI, in its capacity as a competent
authority
under
the
EU
Prospectus
Regulation, for EU Notes issued under the
Programme during the period of 12 months
from the date of this Prospectus to be
admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin;
and
(b)
to Euronext Dublin for such EU Notes to be
admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin
Regulated Market, although particular Series
of EU Notes may be admitted to trading on
other EU Regulated Markets; and
(ii)
in respect of the UK Admission:
(a)
to the FCA, in its capacity as competent
authority
under
the
UK
Prospectus
Regulation, for UK Notes issued under the
Programme during the period of 12 months
from the date of this Prospectus to be
admitted to the official list of the FCA; and
(b)
to the LSE for such UK Notes to be admitted
to trading on the LSE Main Market, although
particular Series of UK Notes may be
admitted to trading on other UK Regulated
Markets.
Once listed, Notes may be purchased or sold through
a broker. The market price of Notes may be higher or
lower than their issue price depending on, among
other things, the level of supply and demand for such
Notes, movements in interest rates and the financial
performance of the Issuer and the Group. (See “Risk
Factors – Risks related to the market generally – The
secondary market generally”).
V.7.5 CAT A, C
General
Information – 1
on page 161
Will I be able to
trade the Notes
issued under the
Programme?
V.6.1(i) CAT B
XIII.5.I(i) CAT B
V.6.2 CAT C
Will the Notes
issued under the
Programme have
voting rights?
Holders of Notes issued under the Programme have
certain rights to vote at meetings of Noteholders of the
relevant Series, but are not entitled to vote at any
meeting of shareholders of the Issuer or of any other
member of the Group.
Terms and
Conditions of
the Notes – 11
Meetings of
Noteholders,
Modification,
Waiver and
Substitution
beginning on
page 127
Will the Notes
issued under the
Programme have
a credit rating?
A Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be
rated by a credit rating agency or unrated. Such ratings
will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned
to the Issuer or to any other Series of Notes. A credit
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
The
Programme
is
currently
rated,
and
further
information can be found at the start of this Prospectus.
Important
Notices – Credit
Rating Agency
Regulation
Notice beginning
on page 4
36

--- Page 37 ---
37
A simplified diagram illustrating the expected ranking
of the Notes compared to other creditors of the Issuer
and the Guarantors, as the case may be, is set out
below.
Type of
Examples of
obligation
obligations
Highest
Proceeds of fixed
Currently none
ranking
charge assets
Expenses of
Currently none
liquidation/
administration
Preferential
Including certain
creditors
remuneration
due to employees
Proceeds of floating
Currently none
charge assets
Unsecured obligations,
Including any Notes
including guarantees
of the Issuer to be
in respect of them
issued under the
Programme and the
Guarantee of the
Guarantors. Also
includes unsecured
obligations (including
guarantee obligations)
in respect of various
Group banking
facilities and other
financings
Lowest
Shareholders
Ordinary
ranking
shareholders
However, as well as being aware of the ranking of
the Notes issued under the Programme compared
to the other categories of creditor and the
shareholders of the Issuer, Investors should note
that the Issuer holds a substantial majority of its
assets indirectly through its subsidiaries (see
“Business
Description
of
International
Personal
Finance Plc – Organisational structure” on page 42
for details of the Issuer’s principal subsidiaries).
What will
Noteholders receive
in a winding up of
the Issuer and the
Group?
If the Issuer or a Guarantor becomes insolvent and is
unable to pay its debts, an administrator or liquidator
would be expected to make distributions to its creditors
in accordance with a statutory order of priority. An
Investor’s claim as a Noteholder would be expected to
rank after the claims of any holders of the Issuer or
Guarantor’s secured debt or other creditors that are
given preferential treatment by applicable laws of
mandatory application relating to creditors, but ahead
of the Issuer’s, or Guarantor’s, shareholders, as
applicable.
N/A

--- Page 38 ---
38
The Issuer’s right (and, where relevant, a Guarantor’s
right) to participate in a distribution of its subsidiaries’
assets upon their liquidation, re-organisation or
insolvency is generally subject to any claims made
against the subsidiaries, including secured creditors
such as any lending bank and trade creditors. The
obligations of the Issuer under any Notes issued by it
and of any Guarantor are therefore structurally
subordinated
to
any
liabilities
of
that
entity’s
subsidiaries. Structural subordination in this context
means that, in the event of a winding up or insolvency
of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, any creditors of that
subsidiary would have preferential claims to the assets
of that subsidiary ahead of any creditors of the Issuer
(i.e. including Investors).
A
simplified
diagram
illustrating
the
structural
subordination of the Issuer’s obligations under the
Notes to any liabilities of the Issuer’s subsidiaries
referred to above is set out below. By way of example,
reference is made to an indirect subsidiary of the
Issuer (and a Guarantor under the Programme),
International Personal Finance Investments Limited
(“IPFIL”), but Investors should note that this diagram
applies equally to all Guarantors’ obligations:
Type of
Examples of
obligation
obligations
Highest
Proceeds of fixed
Currently none
ranking
charge assets
Expenses of
Currently none
liquidation/administration
Preferential
Including certain
creditors
remuneration due to
IPFIL’s employees
Proceeds of floating
Currently none
charge assets
Unsecured obligations,
E.g. trade creditors and
including guarantees
unsecured obligations
in respect of them
(including obligations as
borrower or guarantor)
in respect of various
Group banking facilities
and other financings.
Also includes the
Guarantee of the
obligations under the
Notes for so long as
IPFIL is a Guarantor
Lowest
Shareholders
IPFIL’s sole
ranking
shareholder, IPF
Holdings Limited,
which is a direct
subsidiary of IPF

--- Page 39 ---
39
Investors should also be aware of the Finance Act
2020 which received Royal Assent on 22 July 2020,
which has given priority, as a preferential creditor, to
HMRC
in
respect
of
certain
taxes
due
from
companies incorporated in the United Kingdom upon
a winding-up. This may affect the amounts available
for distribution to the Issuer’s or the Guarantors’
unsecured creditors (such as Investors in the Notes)
were the Issuer, any Guarantor or any other Group
subsidiary to be wound-up in the United Kingdom.
Can the Terms
and Conditions of
the Notes be
amended?
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that
the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders
or Couponholders, agree to: (a) waive, modify or
authorise any breach or proposed breach of any
provisions of the Trust Deed dated on or around
26 August 2021 and made between the Issuer, the
Guarantors and the Trustee (the “Trust Deed”) if, in
the opinion of the Trustee, such modification is not
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders;
(b) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust
Deed that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal,
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a
manifest error; (c) the substitution of another company
as principal debtor under the Notes in place of the
Issuer, in certain circumstances, and subject to the
satisfaction of certain conditions; and (d) the release of
a Guarantor in certain circumstances. Noteholders may
also sanction a modification of the Terms and
Conditions of the Notes by passing an Extraordinary
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed).
Terms and
Conditions of
the Notes – 11
Meetings of
Noteholders,
Modification,
Waiver and
Substitution
beginning on
page 127
Who will represent
the interests of the
Noteholders?
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the
“Trustee”) is appointed to act on behalf of the
Noteholders as an intermediary between Noteholders
and the Issuer and the Guarantors (if applicable)
throughout the life of any Notes issued under the
Programme. The main obligations of the Issuer and
the Guarantors (if applicable) (such as the obligation to
pay amounts due under, and observe the various
covenants in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)
are owed to the Trustee. These obligations are, in the
normal course, enforceable by the Trustee only, not
the Noteholders themselves. Although the entity
selected to act as Trustee is chosen and appointed by
the Issuer, the Trustee’s role is to protect the interests
of the Noteholders as a class.
N/A

--- Page 40 ---
40
How do I check
whether the
person offering
me the Notes has
been given the
Issuer’s consent
to do so?
If an Investor is unclear on whether or not the person
offering him the Notes has the Issuer’s consent to do so
(and therefore whether the Investor can rely on this
Prospectus), the Investor should as a starting point check
the Final Terms for the relevant Notes and see whether
the Issuer has given either “Specific Consent” or
“General Consent”. If “Specific Consent” has been
given, then the people who are authorised are the ones
named in the Final Terms and/or on the Issuer’s website
as being authorised. No-one else is authorised to offer
the Notes. If “General Consent” has been given, then
the Investor should look on the website of the person
offering
them
the
Notes
for
what
is
called
an
“Acceptance Statement” confirming that that person
has complied with the conditions attached to the consent.
If no such Acceptance Statement appears, then the
person is not authorised to offer the Investor the Notes.
This is a good first step to checking that the person
offering an Investor the Notes has been authorised to do
so and the Investor can rely on the Prospectus, but
unfortunately it is not conclusive – the person doing the
offering still has to comply with various conditions (for
example, they can only offer in specified jurisdictions, and
within specified time limits). Details of these conditions
are provided in the section “Important Legal Information”.
Therefore, if an Investor is in any doubt as to whether or
not a person who offers him the Notes is authorised to do
so, the Investor should seek independent legal advice.
Form of Final
Terms
beginning on
pages 139 and
150
Important
Legal
Information on
page 89
What if I have
further queries?
If Investors are unclear in relation to any matter, or
uncertain if the Notes issued under the Programme
are
a
suitable
investment,
they
should
seek
professional
advice
from
their
broker,
solicitor,
accountant or other independent financial adviser
before deciding whether to invest.
N/A

--- Page 41 ---
41
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF
INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC
1.
Company Information
International Personal Finance plc (“IPF”) is the holding company for an international provider
of home credit and digital loans to consumers with average to below average incomes. IPF
and its subsidiaries (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) (the “Group”) focus on the
provision of small sum, primarily home collected, short-term unsecured loans in emerging
markets. IPF also offers products through IPF Digital, the digital lending business of IPF which
includes both IPF Digital Group Limited and IPF Digital AS as participating Group companies
(“IPF Digital”). The Group operates in Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania,
Mexico, Lithuania, Spain, Finland (although the Group is withdrawing from this market),
Estonia, Latvia and Australia and has approximately 22,000 employees and agents. The
Group’s head office is in Leeds in the United Kingdom. The issued share capital of IPF, as at
30 June 2021, comprises 234,000,000 ordinary shares of ten pence each, each of which is
fully paid up.
The memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer are incorporated by reference into
this Prospectus and the objects of the Issuer are unrestricted.
IPF is a public limited company incorporated and registered in England and Wales on
5 December 2006 as a company limited by shares, with registered number 6018973. The
operations of IPF are subject to English company law, in particular the Companies Act 2006.
IPF’s registered office is at Number Three, Leeds City Office Park, Meadow Lane, Leeds
LS11 5BD. The telephone number of IPF’s registered office is +44 (0)113 539 5466.
IV.5.1
IV.5.1.2
IV.5.1.3
IV.5.1.4
IV.14.2.1
IV.5.1.1
IV.6.1.1
IV.14.1.1

--- Page 42 ---
42
2.
Organisational structure
IPF is headquartered in the United Kingdom and operates eleven overseas markets in Europe,
Mexico and Australia. IPF is the ultimate holding company of the Group, and the Group’s
business is conducted through its subsidiaries. As such, IPF is dependent on those members
of its Group. IPF also has certain United Kingdom subsidiaries which provide business
services, financial support or credit hedging facilities to fellow subsidiary undertakings.
The following chart shows, in simplified form, the organisational structure of the Group.
3.
Industry overview
The Group operates in a sub-sector of the consumer credit market, offering small-sum,
primarily home-collected, short-term unsecured cash loans in the developing credit markets
of Europe and Mexico as well as Australia. The Group also offers digital instalment loans and
revolving credit line facilities through the IPF Digital division trading as hapi loans, Credit 24
and Creditea.
4.
Business overview
4.1
Introduction
Home Credit
The Group’s home credit business provides loans with a typical value of approximately £730
in the Group’s European home credit businesses and £240 in the Group’s Mexican home
credit business and maturities ranging from 12 weeks to around 3 years. The average term
of loans is 75 weeks in the European home credit business and 44 weeks in the Mexican
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
International Personal
Finance plc
IPF Holdings Limited
IPF Financial Services
Limited 
Limited 
International Personal
Finance Investments Limited 
Australia
Czech
Republic
Spain
Hungary 
Romania
OVERSEAS
100% 
IPF Digital Group
United Kingdom
Mexico
Estonia
Finland
Latvia
Lithuania
Poland
70%
100% 
30%
IPF Financing Limited 
IPF
International
Limited 
International Credit
Insurance Limited
100% 
IV.7.1
VI.3

--- Page 43 ---
43
home credit business. The loans are unsecured and the customer is not required (or
requested) to provide a third party guarantee in respect of their obligations under the loan. The
loans are provided in local currency and typically, loans are delivered to, and repayments are
collected from, the customer’s home by the Group’s agents.
By way of an example, for a typical loan offered by the Group’s Polish home credit business
for a 60 week term the repayment profile is such that the Group would expect to receive the
full amount of principal lent to its customers within 50 weeks.
Typically, customers that opt for the agent home service incur no extra charges for missed or
late payments during the contractual term of the loan.
The credit vetting of customers and, where the agent home service is provided, the provision
of the loan and the collection of weekly or monthly instalments are performed at the
customer’s home by a home credit agent (supported by central credit scoring systems) who
is responsible for servicing the customer’s needs over the course of their relationship with
the Group.
IPF Digital
The Group’s digital business serves customers who prefer to take out credit online and repay
remotely. The credit, provided under the brands Credit 24, Creditea and hapi loans, includes
revolving credit line facilities, being the key product for IPF Digital, and instalment loans with
an average actual term of 18 to 24 months. Repayments are collected monthly and the
average outstanding customer balance as at 30 June 2021 for (i) credit lines was
approximately £1,150 in the Group’s established markets and £900 in the Group’s new
markets and (ii) instalment loans was £850-900 in both the Group’s established markets and
new markets. The credit is unsecured, provided in local currency and the customer is not
typically required to provide a guarantee.
4.2
Credit scoring and approval processes
The Group has a central credit scoring and management system, which operates alongside
dedicated credit professionals in each business. The Group operates a different application
process and behavioural credit scorecard in each of its markets, including, where appropriate,
using data from external credit bureaus. Each credit scorecard has been built using the
Group’s database of the performance of over 45 million loans. The Group’s lending decisions,
driven by the unsecured nature of the Group’s lending operations, are made on the basis of
a customer’s disposable income rather than the value of the customer’s assets.
For both its home credit and digital customers, the Group has a repeat lending offering
(resulting in a retention rate of 70% for the Group’s home credit businesses and approximately
60% for IPF Digital) which is in line with the Group’s “low and grow” strategy. Under the “low
and grow” strategy customers are initially offered smaller loans, or credit lines, with further
assessments conducted before larger loans or credit lines are offered.
The Group has a centralised arrears management system, which involves the sale of non-
performing loans to external debt recovery agencies.
Home Credit
The credit risk profile of the Group’s home credit customers is naturally higher than for the
Group’s digital business. The home credit agent is critical to the credit management of the
Group’s home credit customers in order to mitigate the additional credit risk and the agent
(supported by the central credit scoring systems) conducts the assessment of the customer’s
character, characteristics and capacity to repay.
The Group’s home credit agents are remunerated primarily on the basis of collections.
IPF Digital
The credit risk profile of the Group’s digital business is lower than for the Group’s home credit
business. In some instances, in order to mitigate the risk of human error, upon approval of a
loan, 1 cent (or the local currency equivalent) is transferred into the customer’s bank account
before the full value of the loan is transferred.

--- Page 44 ---
44
4.3
Customers
The Group’s customers require simple, small-sum loans, either in their home via an agent or
via their bank account through the Group’s money transfer or digital offerings, with transparent
costs and affordable repayments to help them manage their weekly budget, or to buy one-off
items at the time they need them.
Home credit customers
Home credit customers have low, fluctuating incomes and a limited or no credit history. This
means some would not qualify for credit from a mainstream lender or an online loan provider
and, as such, are suited to home credit. The personal service provided by agents as well as
the convenience and speed of the offering is attractive to customers.
Typical home credit customer features
•
Low, fluctuating income
•
Limited or no credit history
•
Prefer agent service
•
Need to manage finances carefully
•
Seek flexibility
How home credit customers use their loans
•
Smooth the weekly budget and unexpected expenses
•
Healthcare
•
Household appliances and repairs
•
Education and school uniform
•
Family celebrations
Digital customers
The increasing use of mobile services means a growing number of consumers in the Group’s
target segment are choosing to borrow online. The Group’s target customers earn low to
middle incomes and have high smartphone adoption levels. They already have a credit history
that may allow them to qualify for an online loan. The Group is able to meet its customers’
needs through its digital offering, which has operated for more than 15 years, and offers a
significant strategic opportunity to grow the number of customers it serves with instalment
loans and credit line facilities.
How digital customers use their loans
•
Holidays
•
Home improvements
•
Healthcare and medical expenses
•
Household goods
4.4
Strategy
The Group plays an important role in society by providing affordable finance responsibly to
underbanked and underserved consumers. The Group’s strategy centres on delivering a
positive customer experience and expanded product range in European home credit to enable
these businesses to return to delivering good levels of profitability and returns. These returns
will be used to maintain investment in improving the customer journey and operational
efficiency while reinvigorating growth in Mexico home credit and IPF Digital. Whilst the Group’s
underlying strategy has not changed, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic the Group redefined
its strategic goals in April 2020 to safeguard the business and develop firm foundations to
return quickly to profitability and long-term growth.

--- Page 45 ---
45
Strategic goals
Phase 1 – H1 2020: Completed
Protect the Group’s people, prioritise loyal customers and protect the business
Phase 2 – H2 2020: Completed
Rightsize the Group’s business to accelerate recovery and refinance the balance sheet
Phase 3 – 2021: Underway
Rebuild the Group’s business
Phase 4 – 2022+
Deliver long-term, sustainable growth
Phases 1 and 2
The Group successfully executed phases 1 and 2 of its plan, and this supported the delivery
of the improved operating and financial performance in the second half of 2020. In managing
the impact of the pandemic, the Group ensured that its people were well-protected and that
the Group retained its loyal customers and preserved liquidity. Through the rightsizing
programme, the Group significantly reduced its cost base to reflect the smaller scale of its
operations and to accelerate a return to full-year profitability. Role reductions were weighted
towards back-office positions in order to protect the key field and agent roles that are crucial
to retaining loyal customers and delivering future growth. In addition, following a review of
the level of expected returns and the capital requirements of each business unit, the Group
closed four weaker-performing branches in Mexico, merged its two digital businesses in
Poland to create operational synergies and decided to collect out the IPF Digital Finland
portfolio due to the further tightening of the APR cap in that market. Despite the challenges
of the pandemic, the Group also made progress on a number of strategic developments. The
Group rolled out the new mobile wallet in Latvia and launched a Creditea digital offering in the
Czech Republic. The Group continued the digital transformation of its home credit operations,
completing the roll-out of the sales and collections functionality of its MyProvi mobile app for
agents in Europe and commenced the introduction of the first apps in Mexico. The Group’s
new MyNews mobile communications app, which proved critical to delivering health and safety
information directly to agents and field staff during the pandemic, has been rolled out to all
agents and most employees in Europe and 8,000 agents and employees in Mexico, to date.
Phase 3: Rebuild the business
In 2021, the Group is focused on rebuilding the receivables portfolio and expects to
progressively increase credit issued in each of its businesses. The Group continues to believe
that there will be lower levels of supply of credit in the course of the next few years, and
expects to be in a good position to meet the needs of underserved consumers in its segment
of the consumer credit market.
Phase 4: Deliver longer-term growth
Beyond the return to profitability, the Group plans to use its digital expertise combined with
its market-leading positions and unrivalled knowledge of its core customer segment to
enhance its product proposition for customers and deliver longer-term growth across the
Group.
4.5.
Business Model
The Group specialises in providing small sum, short-term, unsecured loans and credit lines
to consumers who are underbanked or underserved by mainstream financial operators or
who may have no or a limited credit history. The Group does this through two lending channels
– home credit and digital.
The Group offers both home credit and digital loans, and has a differentiated proposition from
that of other credit providers. The Group’s home credit business is different because the
Group’s agents connect the Group to its customers by providing a personal service in its

--- Page 46 ---
46
customers’ homes every week. The Group’s digital business model meets the needs of a
growing number of customers in the Group’s consumer segment who want affordable credit
that they can manage on their mobile phone, tablet or PC.
The Group believes that the best way to create value for its shareholders and deliver
sustainable returns is to build close, long-term relationships with its customers. The Group
also makes a valuable contribution to the communities it serves through spending on goods
and services, employment and career development for its people, and through taxes.
Profit is generated from lending responsibly while managing the business efficiently. The
home credit businesses generate a high proportion of Group revenue primarily through the
agent serviced model, while IPF Digital delivers a smaller but growing contribution, driven by
increased demand for online lending.
The Group operates a defensive liquidity model, based on the Group’s business of short-term
lending and long term debt funding and strong cash generation. This gives the Group flexibility
to slow down credit growth in economic downturns to focus on cash generation.
The business model has generated sustainable returns for shareholders. Since the demerger
of IPF from the Provident Financial group in 2007:
•
other than in 2020, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has
been consistently profitable and has been able to maintain impairment as a percentage
of revenue at or below the target range (although the level of both profitability and
impairment as a percentage of revenue has varied from year to year);
•
the Group’s gearing ratio has been consistently within the long-term covenanted level
(or, prior to the establishment of the Programme, within that covenanted level had it
applied at that time); and
•
other than in 2020, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group’s
interest cover ratio has been consistently above the long-term covenanted level (or,
prior to the establishment of the Programme, above that covenanted level had it applied
at that time).
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group made a short-term amendment to the
covenanted interest cover ratio, such that, despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic,
the Group has at all times been in compliance with the actual covenanted level.
Pre-exceptional
profit/(loss)
before tax for
continuing
operations
(£m)
2008.................................................................................................................
70.3
2009.................................................................................................................
61.7
2010.................................................................................................................
92.1
2011.................................................................................................................
100.5
2012.................................................................................................................
95.1
2013.................................................................................................................
118.1
2014.................................................................................................................
123.5
2015.................................................................................................................
116.1
2016.................................................................................................................
96.0
2017.................................................................................................................
105.6
2018.................................................................................................................
109.3
2019.................................................................................................................
114.0
2020.................................................................................................................
(28.8)

--- Page 47 ---
47
Credit issued European HC
Mexico HC
IPF Digital
£m (at CER*)
£m (at CER)
£m (at CER)
£m (at CER)
Q1 2020 ..................................
261
143
51
67
Q2 2020 ..................................
105
62
16
27
Q3 2020 ..................................
163
107
30
26
Q4 2020 ..................................
216
143
40
32
Q1 2021 ..................................
214
136
40
38
Q2 2021 ..................................
246
153
48
46
* CER = constant exchange rates
Collections European HC
Mexico HC
IPF Digital
£m (at CER*)
£m (at CER)
£m (at CER)
£m (at CER)
Q1 2020 ..................................
426
238
93
95
Q2 2020 ..................................
332
190
65
78
Q3 2020 ..................................
341
204
65
72
Q4 2020 ..................................
347
215
67
65
Q1 2021 ..................................
346
209
68
69
Q2 2021 ..................................
353
214
73
67
* CER = constant exchange rates
4.6
Social inclusion and responsible lending
At the core of the Group’s activities is a commitment to responsible lending and social
inclusion through making finance accessible to consumers who are less likely to be served
by mainstream lenders. This is seen in the Group’s core responsible lending principles:
•
Advertising and marketing – the Group advertises its products in a clear and
appropriate manner.
•
Affordability – the Group thoroughly assesses a customer’s ability to repay a loan.
The Group won’t offer a loan (or refinance an existing loan) to a customer if the Group
considers it will be to a customer’s detriment.
•
Product suitability – the Group aims to provide customers with products that are best
suited to their needs.
•
Pricing – the Group offers customers fair and transparent pricing. Late payment fees,
if used, are designed to re-engage a customer rather than as a primary revenue stream.
•
Customer Communication – the Group communicates with customers in a clear
manner and upholds their right to confidentiality. The Group selects and trains its agents
so that they can serve customers to a high standard.
•
Collections and debt recovery – the Group collects loan instalments in a responsible
manner and does what it can to avoid adversely affecting a customer’s credit history.
In the case of external debt recovery it only co-operates with reputable agencies.
5.
Markets and competitive position
5.1
IPF’s markets
The Group has businesses in 11 markets, ranging from the Baltics through Central Eastern
Europe to Mexico and Australia. The business lines are broadly distinguished by home credit
(branded predominantly as Provident) businesses and IPF Digital online lending businesses,
branded as Credit24, Hapi and Creditea.
Home Credit
The Group’s home credit businesses specialise in the provision of small sum cash instalment
loans typically delivered directly to a customer’s home, and operate in Poland, the Czech
Republic, Hungary, Romania and Mexico.
IV.6.2

--- Page 48 ---
48
IPF Digital
To take advantage of the ongoing growth of digital borrowing the Group is increasingly
investing in its digital business. Providing online instalment loans and revolving credit line
facilities, IPF Digital operates in Lithuania, Finland (although the Group is withdrawing from
this market), Latvia, Estonia, Poland, Spain, Mexico and Australia.
5.2
Competition
The market for consumer credit continues to evolve in all of the Group’s markets. Consumers
are increasingly choosing online credit and this has driven increased competition from digital
lending operators and major retail banks, as well as more regulatory oversight from national
banks and consumer protection authorities.
Notwithstanding these changes, the Group believes that home credit will co-exist with digital
credit offerings, providing access to regulated credit for people who might otherwise be
financially excluded. The involvement of an agent at the customer’s home allows the Group
to gain a more in-depth understanding of their financial circumstances and propensity to
repay. This means the Group is able to lend with more confidence to creditworthy customers
in circumstances where a remote lending business cannot.
6.
Overview of performance for half year ended 30 June 2021
6.1
Summary
The Group continued to effectively execute its strategy to rebuild the business and return to
full-year profitability and long-term growth. Building on the momentum achieved in the second
half of 2020, the Group delivered a robust trading performance in H1 2021 despite the
challenging operational landscape caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The Group’s
focus on rebuilding the business delivered a significant improvement in the Group’s financial
performance, with first half profit before taxation of £43.3 million, driven by a combination of
lower impairment charges resulting from strong collections, good new business credit quality
and cost reductions, all of which more than offset lower revenue resulting from the smaller
receivables portfolio. The result comprised profit before tax of £24 million in Q1 and £19.3
million in Q2. The slight reduction in reported Q2 profit was a result of increased investment
to deliver growth, the tailing off of COVID-19 impairment provision releases, and higher levels
of IFRS9 up-front impairment as the Group increased the amount of credit issued.
Change
H1 2020
H1 2021
Change
Change
at CER*
£m
£m
£m
%
%
Customer numbers (000s) .
1,818
1,679
(139)
(7.6)
(7.6)
Credit issued ......................
378.2
459.5
81.3
21.5
25.1
Average net receivables.....
862.9
656.9
(206.0)
(23.9)
(22.0)
Revenue.............................
362.2
262.9
(99.3)
(27.4)
(25.4)
Impairment .........................
(182.2)
(11.7)
170.5
93.6
93.5
Net revenue........................
180.0
251.2
71.2
39.6
45.1
Finance costs.....................
(27.3)
(25.8)
1.5
5.5
3.4
Agents’ commission ...........
(36.3)
(32.3)
4.0
11.0
7.7
Other costs.........................
(163.2)
(149.8)
13.4
8.2
6.3
Pre-exceptional (loss)/
profit before taxation .......
(46.8)
43.3
90.1
192.5
Exceptional items...............
(6.5)
–
6.5
100.0
(Loss)/profit before
taxation .............................
(53.3)
43.3
96.6
181.2
*CER = constant exchange rates
The improved year-on-year profit performance was reflected across all of the Group’s
business divisions, each of which was profitable in the first half of 2021.
IV.6.3

--- Page 49 ---
49
HY June
HY June
2020 profit
Change
2021
£m
£m
£m
European home credit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(22.7)
57.6
34.9
Mexico home credit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(8.4)
17.8
9.4
IPF Digital. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(8.8)
14.9
6.1
Central costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(6.9)
(0.2)
(7.1)
Pre-exceptional (loss)/profit before taxation . . . . . . .
(46.8)
90.1
43.3
6.2
Segmental results
European home credit
The Group’s European home credit businesses delivered a robust performance in H1 2021, with
profit before tax increasing to £34.9 million against a challenging trading backdrop as the third
wave of the pandemic impacted the region. This result was driven by a significant reduction in
impairment alongside cost savings, partially offset by the smaller business scale, and comprised
profit before tax of £17.4 million in Q1 2021 and £17.5m million in Q2 2021.
The Group’s improved collections effectiveness during the second half of 2020 enabled the
continued implementation of its strategy to carefully ease credit settings and rebuild the receivables
portfolio. This resulted in a significant improvement in sales momentum through the period and,
notwithstanding weaker comparators year-on-year, credit issued increased by 48% in H1 2021,
with Q2 2021 credit issued 13% higher than in Q1 2021. Customer numbers reduced year-on-
year by 5% to 808,000, but as lockdown restrictions eased and demand increased, the Group was
able to serve more customers and, as a result, customer numbers were broadly flat in Q2 2021.
Year-on-year, average net receivables reduced by 17% in H1 2021 and 6% in Q2 2021. However,
as the Group’s rebuild strategy gained momentum, it delivered an 8% (at CER) increase in period
end receivables since December 2020 to £406 million. This receivables growth was largely
delivered in Q2 2021.
The Group’s collections performance remained strong throughout H1 2021 despite planning for
some reductions in effectiveness. This, together with the unwinding of COVID-19 impairment
provisions booked in 2020 and higher quality lending, resulted in annualised impairment as a
percentage of revenue improving by 26.4 percentage points from 31 December 2020 to 9.2%.
Other costs were broadly flat in the first half of the year, with a cost reduction in Q1 2021 being
offset by a 28% year-on-year increase in Q2 2021. This latter increase was driven by the much
lower Q2 2020 comparatives that arose from the COVID-19 cost reduction programme together
with a modest increase in costs to fund higher credit issuance.
Change
H1 2020
H1 2021
Change
Change
at CER
£m
£m
£m
%
%
Customer numbers (000s)........
850
808
(42)
(4.9)
(4.9)
Credit issued ............................
201.4
288.0
86.6
43.0
47.5
Average net receivables ..........
483.2
388.6
(94.6)
(19.6)
(17.2)
Revenue ..................................
184.9
140.1
(44.8)
(24.2)
(21.8)
Impairment ..............................
(87.9)
9.0
96.9
110.2
110.5
Net revenue..............................
97.0
149.1
52.1
53.7
59.1
Finance costs ..........................
(16.3)
(15.8)
0.5
3.1
0.6
Agents’ commission ................
(25.3)
(21.6)
3.7
14.6
11.5
Other costs ..............................
(78.1)
(76.8)
1.3
1.7
(0.7)
Pre-exceptional (loss/profit
before taxation........................
(22.7)
34.9
57.6
253.7

--- Page 50 ---
50
Mexico home credit
Mexico home credit reported a £17.8 million increase in profit before taxation year on year to
£9.4million. This significantly-improved performance comprised profit before tax of £4.9 million
in Q1 2021 and £4.5 million in Q2 2021, and was driven primarily by a reduction in impairment
and a lower cost base, partially offset by a reduction in the scale of the business.
The Group’s focus on collections and the impact of tighter credit settings resulting from
significant continued COVID-19 challenges led to a 7% contraction in customer numbers year-
on-year to 624,000, however increased demand for credit from April 2021 onwards resulted
in customer growth of 21,000 in Q2 2021. Credit issued increased by 30% year on year, with
Q2 2021 20% higher than in Q1 2021. Year-on-year, average net receivables reduced by
16% in H1 2021 due to lower credit issued in 2020 and incremental impairment provisions,
and grew by 2% in Q2 2021. This contraction resulted in a 26% reduction in revenue, the rate
of which reduced to 16% in Q2 2021. The Group’s focus on rebuilding the business delivered
a 13% (at CER) increase in period end receivables since December 2020 to £100 million at
the end of Q2 2021. Closing receivables growth in Q2 was 9% (at CER).
The benefits of actions taken to improve collections and credit quality in Mexico during the
past two years continued to flow through the business and, together with the unwinding of
COVID-19 impairment provisions booked in 2020, resulted in annualised impairment as a
percentage of revenue improving by 21.1 percentage points since 31 December 2020 to 12.6%
in H1 2021. This ratio is now well below the Group’s target range of 25% to 30% and the Group
expects it to increase during the remainder of 2021 as trading conditions normalise. The Group
continued to manage costs tightly, maintaining the benefits of cost savings achieved in 2020
and delivering a 12% reduction in other costs year-on-year, and 5% in Q2 2021.
The Group’s strategy is focused on maintaining the improvements made in operational
execution and returning the business to sustainable growth, and will continue to ease credit
settings and rebuild the receivables portfolio, which will result in an increase in the very low
impairment charge reported H1 2021, while maintaining tight control of the cost base. The
digital transformation of the business will also continue. The roll-out of the collections
functionality of the MyProvi agent app is now complete with additional functionality to be
introduced in 2021 and 2022, all of which will further improve cost efficiency.
H1
H1
Change
2020
2021
Change
Change
at CER
£m
£m
£m
%
%
Customer numbers (000s)........
670
624
(46)
(6.9)
(6.9)
Credit issued ............................
72.3
87.5
15.2
21.0
29.6
Average net receivables ..........
119.0
95.1
(23.9)
(20.1)
(16.4)
Revenue ..................................
91.0
64.9
(26.1)
(28.7)
(25.8)
Impairment ..............................
(45.1)
(8.5)
36.6
81.2
81.4
Net revenue..............................
45.9
56.4
10.5
22.9
34.6
Finance costs ..........................
(4.3)
(3.1)
1.2
27.9
24.4
Agents’ commission ................
(11.0)
(10.7)
0.3
2.7
(0.9)
Other costs ..............................
(39.0)
(33.2)
5.8
14.9
11.9
Pre-exceptional (loss)/profit
before taxation........................
(8.4)
9.4
17.8
211.9
IPF Digital
IPF Digital reported a £14.9 million improvement in profit before tax to £6.1 million driven by
significantly improved impairment and a reduction in costs, offset partially by lower revenue.
This improved performance comprised profit before tax of £4.9 million in Q1 2021 and
£1.2 million in Q2 2021.

--- Page 51 ---
51
H1
H1
Change
2020
2021
Change
Change
at CER
£m
£m
£m
%
%
Customer numbers (000s)........
298
247
(51)
(17.1)
(17.1)
Credit issued ............................
104.5
84.0
(20.5)
(19.6)
(19.6)
Average net receivables ..........
260.7
173.2
(87.5)
(33.6)
(33.0)
Revenue ..................................
86.3
57.9
(28.4)
(32.9)
(32.6)
Impairment ..............................
(49.2)
(12.2)
37.0
75.2
74.8
Net revenue..............................
37.1
45.7
8.6
23.2
21.9
Finance costs ..........................
(6.7)
(6.9)
(0.2)
(3.0)
(3.0)
Other costs ..............................
(39.2)
(32.7)
6.5
16.6
16.2
Pre-exceptional (loss)/profit
before taxation........................
(8.8)
6.1
14.9
169.3
Consumer appetite for credit, suppressed in Q1 2021 by pandemic-related restrictions, began
to increase in Q2 2021, as these restrictions were relaxed. The relatively soft consumer
demand earlier in the year, the Group’s continued cautious credit settings in Spain and the
cessation of lending in Finland resulted in a 17% reduction in customers to 247,000. Excluding
the reduction in customers in Finland, customer numbers increased by around 4,000 during
Q2 2021. These factors also impacted credit issued which, year-on-year, contracted by 20%
in H1 2021, with Q2 2021 credit issued 19% higher than in Q1 2021. Excluding Finland, where
the portfolio collect-out is progressing well, credit issued increased year-on-year by 1%.
Average net receivables reduced by 33% in H1 2021 and 29% in Q2 2021, with revenue
contracting at a similar rate in the first half and by 25% in Q2 2021.
The Group’s collections performance continued to be strong, driven by higher-quality lending
and robust collections processes, which resulted in a 19.3 percentage point improvement in
annualised impairment as a percentage of revenue from 45.4% as at 31 December 2020 to
26.1%. Costs continue to be tightly managed and reduced 16% year-on-year, driven mainly
by the benefits of the Group’s rightsizing exercise in 2020, lower marketing expenditure and
other volume-related costs. Costs increased by 6% in Q2 2021 compared with Q1 2021,
driven by a combination of higher spend to support growth and the fact that the 2020
comparatives include the benefit of the significant cost reduction programme delivered in
2020.
The pre-exceptional profitability of IPF Digital is segmented as follows:
H1 2020
H1 2021
Change
Change
£m
£m
£m
%
Established markets ...............................
7.0
11.2
4.2
60.0
New markets...........................................
(9.2)
0.6
9.8
106.5
Head office costs....................................
(6.6)
(5.7)
0.9
13.6
IPF Digital ..............................................
(8.8)
6.1
14.9
169.3
Established markets
The established markets delivered a £4.2 million increase in profit before tax to £11.2 million,
driven by lower impairment and a reduction in costs, partially offset by lower net revenue
arising from a contraction in the receivables portfolio. This improved performance comprised
profit before tax of £7.3 million in Q1 2021 and £3.9 million in Q2 2021.

--- Page 52 ---
52
H1
H1
Change
2020
2021
Change
Change
at CER
£m
£m
£m
%
%
Customer numbers (000s)........
136
102
(34)
(25.0)
(25.0)
Credit issued ............................
54.8
30.4
(24.4)
(44.5)
(44.8)
Average net receivables ..........
128.9
87.3
(41.6)
(32.3)
(31.9)
Revenue ..................................
37.4
25.5
(11.9)
(31.8)
(31.5)
Impairment ..............................
(15.0)
(1.3)
13.7
91.3
91.2
Net revenue..............................
22.4
24.2
1.8
8.0
7.6
Finance costs ..........................
(3.5)
(3.5)
–
–
–
Other costs ..............................
(11.9)
(9.5)
2.4
20.2
19.5
Pre-exceptional profit
before taxation........................
7.0
11.2
4.2
60.0
Customers and credit issued contracted year on year by 25% and 45% respectively, as a
result of tighter credit settings introduced in response to the COVID-19 pandemic together with
the Group’s decision to cease lending in Finland and collect out the portfolio. Recognising
weaker comparatives, credit issued in Q2 2021 contracted by just 7% as the Group responded
to growing demand when lockdown restrictions began to ease. Average net receivables
contracted year on year by 32% (Q2 2021: contraction of 30%) due to the lower credit issued
and this resulted in a similar reduction in revenue for both the H1 2021 and Q2 2021 periods.
Excluding Finland, the contraction in average net receivables and revenue in the first half was
significantly lower at 18% and 19% respectively.
Good collections, the benefit of debt sales and lower levels of credit issued resulted in a lower
impairment charge in the period and a 17.2 percentage point improvement in annualised
impairment as a percentage of revenue to 11.4% since 31 December 2020. Continued tight
management of costs and the benefit of the 2020 rightsizing programme resulted in a 20%
reduction in costs year on year, predominantly in Q1 2021 as costs in Q2 2021 were broadly
flat year on year.
New markets
The new markets delivered profit before tax of £0.6 million, an increase of £9.8 million in the
period, with a reduction in the cost base and improved credit quality partially offset by the
impact of smaller scale. This improved performance comprised profit before tax of £0.3 million
in both Q1 2021 and Q2 2021.
Change
H1 2020
H1 2021
Change
Change
at CER
£m
£m
£m
%
%
Customer numbers (000s)........
162
145
(17.0)
(10.5)
(10.5)
Credit issued ............................
49.7
53.6
3.9
7.8
8.5
Average net receivables ..........
131.8
85.9
(45.9)
(34.8)
(34.2)
Revenue ..................................
48.9
32.4
(16.5)
(33.7)
(33.5)
Impairment ..............................
(34.2)
(10.9)
23.3
68.1
67.7
Net revenue..............................
14.7
21.5
6.8
46.3
43.3
Finance costs ..........................
(3.2)
(3.4)
(0.2)
(6.3)
(6.3)
Other costs ..............................
(20.7)
(17.5)
3.2
15.5
15.0
Pre-exceptional (loss)/profit
before taxation........................
(9.2)
0.6
9.8
106.5
Customer numbers reduced year on year by 11% to 145,000, however, growth recommenced
in Q2 with customer numbers increasing by 6,000. As lockdown restrictions eased and

--- Page 53 ---
53
demand from consumers increased, the Group relaxed credit settings which resulted in credit
issued growth of 9% in H1 2021, with Q2 2021 credit issued 11% higher than Q1 2021. Both
average net receivables and revenue reduced by 34% in the first half. In Q2 2021, average
net receivables contracted by 29% and the rate of revenue contraction reduced to 21%.
Credit quality continued to improve, driven by tighter credit settings and good collections
which, together with the lower credit issued, resulted in a 20.5 percentage point improvement
in impairment as a percentage of revenue since the 2020 year end to 39.6%. Other costs
reduced by 15% year on year in H1 2021 and 14% in Q2 2021, driven by the benefits of the
rightsizing exercise in 2020.
IPF Digital continues to offer excellent long-term growth opportunities. In H2 2021, the Group
will continue to progressively rebuild the receivables portfolio and accelerate new customer
growth, particularly in the Group’s new markets. The Group also plans to expand its mobile
wallet offering in Latvia, leverage the benefits of merging its two digital businesses in Poland
and deliver a successful collect-out of its business in Finland.
6.3
Taxation
The taxation charge on profit for the first half of 2021 (£20.4 million) is based on an expected
effective tax rate for the full year of approximately 47%.
With regard to the European Commission’s State Aid challenge to the UK’s Group Financing
Exemption regime, following the enactment of new legislation in December 2020, HMRC
issued a charging notice seeking payment of £14.2 million in respect of the alleged State Aid
for the affected years. The payment of this amount is a procedural matter, and the new law
does not allow for postponement. Accordingly, this amount was paid in February 2021, with
a further amount of interest estimated at £1.3 million which is expected to be payable during
H2 2021. The Group has appealed the charging notice on the grounds of the quantum
assessed. Whether the UK’s Group Financing Exemption regime constitutes State Aid is
ultimately to be decided and the Group continues to await a decision of the General Court of
the European Union on this matter. The £14.2 million paid is held on the balance sheet as a
non-current tax asset reflecting the directors’ judgement that it is more likely than not that the
amount will ultimately be repaid. This judgement is based on legal advice received on the
strength of the technical position included in the Issuer’s annulment application.
7.
Financial Review
IPF financial strategy
In the long term, the Group aims to deliver long-term profitable growth and deploy capital
efficiently, in order to develop and run high-return businesses which provide returns to
shareholders while maintaining a strong financial profile.
The Group’s businesses are at different stages of development. Excluding 2020 which was
heavily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, the European home credit business is cash
and capital generative and provides attractive returns. The Group’s IPF Digital and Mexico
home credit businesses are growth focused and the Group continues to invest in them to
further build returns over the medium term. The strong capital generation of the European
home credit business provides significant capital for the Group’s IPF Digital and Mexico home
credit businesses, in addition to any capital generated by those growth businesses
themselves.
To maintain the credit quality of the Group’s lending, an impairment to revenue range of 25-
30% is targeted and the Group has always operated within or just below this range at a Group
level (with the exception of 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic). The Group has a
diversified debt portfolio of bond and bank facilities.
Returns
After a very long track record of consistent profitability and returns, the Group was significantly
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and reported a loss in 2020. This was due to lower
revenue arising from a reduction in the receivables portfolio and a material increase in

--- Page 54 ---
54
impairment. The Group reported a pre-exceptional loss before taxation for the year of £28.8
million and a statutory loss of £40.7 million before taxation after an exceptional charge of
£11.9 million. This comprised a loss of £46.8 million in the first half of the year before taxation,
followed by a return to profitability in the second half due to lower impairment and costs,
partially offset by lower revenue arising from the reduction in the receivables portfolio.
Building on the momentum achieved in the second half of 2020, the Group delivered a robust
trading performance in the first half of 2021 despite the challenging operational landscape
caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The Group’s focus on rebuilding the business
delivered a significant improvement in the Group’s financial performance, with first half profit
before taxation of £43.3 million. This very positive result was driven by a combination of lower
impairment charges resulting from strong collections, very good new business credit quality
and cost reductions, all of which more than offset lower revenue resulting from the smaller
receivables portfolio. The result comprised profit before tax of £24 million in Q1 2021 and
£19.3 million in Q2 2021. The slight reduction in reported Q2 2021 profit was a result of
increased investment to deliver growth, the tailing off of COVID-19 impairment provision
releases, and higher levels of IFRS 9 up-front impairment as the Group increased the amount
of credit issued.
Although the Group planned for a weakening in collections performance arising from
subsequent waves of the pandemic in the first half of 2021, the Group continued to deliver a
very strong operational performance, resulting in a significantly lower than anticipated
impairment charge of £11.7 million in H1 2021, which includes the benefit of COVID-19
discounting and expected credit loss provisions releases totalling £20 million. The H1 2021
charge comprised £4.6 million in Q1 2021 and £7.1 million in Q2 2021, the increase being
driven by reduced COVID-19 provision releases and higher levels of up-front IFRS 9
impairment resulting from our increased level of sales. The performance of the receivables
originated since June 2020, which were largely granted under tighter than normal credit
settings, has also been better than predicted by the Group’s impairment models and this had
a further positive impact on the Group’s impairment charge. In addition, the annualised
impairment charge in each reporting segment benefited from the COVID-19 impairment
booked in H1 2020 dropping out from the annualised calculation. Taken together, these
factors resulted in a faster-than-anticipated improvement in impairment as a percentage of
revenue, with the annualised rate reducing by 23.7 percentage points since 31 December
2020 to 13.7%. The Group expects impairment as a percentage of revenue to remain below
the Group’s target range of 25% to 30% in 2021 before increasing in 2022 as the Group
continues to rebuild the business.
Financial profile
Gearing was 1.4x as at 30 June 2021, in-line with 2020, well within the covenant level of 3.75x
maximum in the Group’s debt facilities.
The annualised cost-income ratio of the Group as at 30 June 2021 was 53.8%.
Period 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021
In the twelve month period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021, the Group achieved revenue
of £562m and pre-exceptional profit before tax of £61.3m, split as follows:
Pre-
exceptional
profit
Revenue
before tax
£m
£m
European home credit .....................................................................
306.3
46.0
Mexico home credit .........................................................................
131.0
21.3
IPF Digital........................................................................................
124.7
6.9
UK ...................................................................................................
–
(12.9)
Group ….........................................................................................
562.0
61.3

--- Page 55 ---
55
The closing receivables balance for the Group as at 30 June 2021 was as follows:
£m
European HC ......................................................................................................
405.9
Poland..................................................................................................................
189.9
Czech Republic....................................................................................................
46.4
Hungary ..............................................................................................................
102.4
Romania .............................................................................................................
67.2
Mexico HC ..........................................................................................................
99.8
IPF Digital ..........................................................................................................
168.5
Lithuania .............................................................................................................
24.8
Estonia.................................................................................................................
25.6
Finland .................................................................................................................
9.2
Latvia ...................................................................................................................
24.1
Poland..................................................................................................................
37.1
Spain....................................................................................................................
12.6
Mexico .................................................................................................................
10.1
Australia...............................................................................................................
25.0
Group ..................................................................................................................
674.2
The revenue yield for the Group for the period 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 was as follows:
Revenue yield
European home credit ....................................................................................
77.4%
Mexico home credit ........................................................................................
144.8%
IPF Digital
......................................................................................................
66.2%
Group ............................................................................................................
83.3%
8.
Treasury risk management and funding
There are Board-approved policies to address the key treasury risks that the business faces
– funding and liquidity risk, financial market risk (currency and interest rate risk), and
counterparty risk. The policies are designed to provide robust risk management, even in more
volatile financial markets and economic conditions within the Group’s planning horizon.
The Group’s funding policy requires it to maintain a resilient funding position for the existing
business and for future growth in each market. The Group aims to maintain a prudent level of
headroom on undrawn bank facilities. The Group’s currency policy addresses economic currency
exposures and requires it to fund its currency receivables with currency borrowings (directly or
indirectly) to achieve a high level of balance sheet hedging. The Group chooses not to hedge
the translational risk of foreign currency movements on accounting profits and losses. The
Group’s interest rate policy requires it to hedge interest rate risk in each currency to a relatively
high level. The Group’s counterparty policy requires financial counterparties (including hedging
counterparties) to which the Group has exposures to have at least a BBB rating, except as
approved, or delegated for approval, by the Board. In addition to these policies, the Group’s
operational procedures and controls ensure that funds are available in the right currency at the
right time to serve its customers throughout the Group.
Debt funding is provided through a diversified debt portfolio at competitive cost with
appropriate terms and conditions. The Group has Notes outstanding denominated in Euro,
Sterling and Swedish Krona, wholesale and retail, with varying maturities, together with
facilities from a group of banks with a good strategic and geographic fit with its business. The
Group’s debt is senior unsecured debt, with all lenders substantially in the same structural
position. The Group maintains the Programme as the main platform for bond issuance across
a range of currencies. This achieves further diversification and reinforces the Group’s
IV8.2
VI.3

--- Page 56 ---
56
corporate position in that market. The Group’s debt funding strategy has been successful
over a number of years, and it has a consistent record of accessing debt markets throughout
the economic cycle.
The Group’s debt funding position is summarised in the table below. As at 30 June 2021, the
Group had total debt facilities of £596 million (£410 million bonds and £186 million bank
facilities) and borrowings of £479 million, with headroom on undrawn facilities and non-
operational cash balances of £173 million.
The Group’s funding requirements reduced significantly during 2020 due to the contraction in
the receivables portfolio, which resulted in cash generation from operating and investing
activities of £268.5 million in 2020 compared with £33.0 million in 2019. The Group completed
a significant refinancing exercise in 2020 that reflected the reduction in funding requirements,
the need to address the maturity of the euro denominated Notes due in 2021 and the
requirement to implement short-term amendments to debt funding covenants during its
recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. This included a new bond issuance of €341 million,
amendments to debt funding covenants in existing bonds and bank facilities, and a reduction
in the level of bank facilities commensurate with the Group’s reduced funding requirements
post-pandemic.
The Group has an equity to receivables ratio as at 30 June 2021 of 53.8%, compared with
55.4% as at 31 December 2020 and 44.8% as at 31 December 2019.
Maturity
£m
Bonds
Euro ......................................................................................... November 2025
294
Sterling .................................................................................... December 2023
78
Swedish ...................................................................................
June 2022
38
Total Bonds............................................................................
410
Bank Facilities .........................................................................
2021-2024
186
Total Debt facilities................................................................
596
Total Borrowings......................................................................
479
Non-operational cash balances ...........................................
56
Headroom on undrawn bank facilities and
non-operational cash balances* ..........................................
173
*Headroom does not include unamortised arrangement fees
The currency structure of the Group’s debt facilities matches the asset and cash flow profile
of its business. The Group has local currency bank facilities and bonds, and its main
£294 million (€341 million) issuance of Euro-denominated Notes provides direct funding to its
markets using the Euro currency, and to markets using other currencies via foreign exchange
transactions. Therefore, the Group does not expect fluctuations in the value of sterling to have
a major impact on the Group’s funding position. It will continue to monitor the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic, including the impact on financial markets and macro-economic
conditions, and react as appropriate.

--- Page 57 ---
57
By maintaining a strong financial profile, the Group operates with adequate headroom on the
key financial covenants in its debt facilities, as set out in the tables below:
Headroom
2019
Actual
£m
Gearing* (Max 3.75x) ......................................................................
1.5x
268.5
Interest Cover** (Min 2.0x) ..............................................................
3.0x
67.2
Headroom
2020
Actual
£m
Gearing* (Max 3.75x) ......................................................................
1.4x
235.0
Interest Cover** (Min 1.0x) ..............................................................
2.1x
58.2
Headroom
H1 2021
Actual
£m
Gearing* (Max 3.75x) ......................................................................
1.4x
227.3
Interest Cover** (Min 1.5x)***..........................................................
2.8x
33.6
*
Adjusted for derivative ﬁnancial instruments, pension liabilities and items of income or expense of an unusual or
a non-recurring nature according to covenant deﬁnitions and calculated in accordance with IFRS.
**
Actual data includes adjustments for material items of an unusual or non-recurring nature arising from the
pandemic made in accordance with terms of debt facilities.
*** Data presented is for the period 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021.
The majority of the Group’s net assets are denominated in its operating currencies and,
therefore, the sterling value fluctuates with changes in currency exchange rates. In
accordance with accounting standards, the Group has restated the opening foreign currency
net assets at the 30 June 2021 exchange rate and this resulted in a £27.5 million foreign
exchange movement, which has been debited to the foreign exchange reserve.
9.
Non-IFRS financial measures
The Group’s Financial Statements are presented in accordance with international accounting
standards within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002 on the Application of International
Accounting Standards (“IFRS”), and in addition the Group uses certain ratios and measures
included herein that would be considered non-IFRS financial measures (“Alternative
Performance Measures” or “APM”). An APM measures historical or future financial
performance, financial position or cash flows but excludes or includes amounts that would
not be so adjusted in the most comparable IFRS measures. The APMs included herein are
not in accordance with or an alternative to measures prepared in accordance with IFRS (for
which Group management has responsibility).
On 3 July 2016, the ESMA Guidelines on APMs came into force. The Guidelines on APMs are
focused on the provision of financial information on a company’s performance, its financial
state of affairs and future expectations when that information has not been drawn directly
from the financial statements.
The Group believes that these APMs, which are not considered to be a substitute for or
superior to IFRS measures, provide stakeholders with additional helpful information on the
performance of the business. The APMs are consistent with how the business performance
is planned and reported within the internal management reporting to the Board. Each of the
APMs used by the Group (other than pre-exceptional profit before tax for continuing
operations) are set out on pages 154 to 157 of the Annual Report and Financial Statements
for the year ending 31 December 2020 including explanations of how they are calculated and
how they can be reconciled to a statutory measure where relevant. A summary of pre-
exceptional profit before tax, a key non-IFRS measure discussed in this Prospectus, but not
otherwise described in this Prospectus, is below.

--- Page 58 ---
58
Closest
Reconciling
equivalent
items to
statutory
statutory
Definition and
APM
measure
measure
Purpose
Pre-exceptional profit/
Profit/(loss)
Exceptional
Profit/(loss) before tax
(loss) before tax (£m)
before tax
items
and exceptional items.
This is considered to be
an important measure
where exceptional items
distort the operating
performance of the
business.
The Group reports percentage change figures for all performance measures, other than profit
or loss before taxation and earnings per share, after restating prior year figures at a constant
exchange rate. The constant exchange rate, which is an APM, retranslates the previous year
measures at the average actual periodic exchange rates used in the current financial year.
These measures are presented as a means of eliminating the effects of exchange rate
fluctuations on the year-on-year reported results. The Group makes certain adjustments to the
statutory measures in order to derive APMs where relevant. The Group’s policy is to exclude
items that are considered to be significant in both nature and/or quantum and where treatment
as an adjusted item provides stakeholders with additional useful information to assess the
year-on-year trading performance of the Group.
10.
Directors
The following table sets out a list of directors of IPF and the principal activities performed by
them outside IPF where these are significant to IPF as at the date of this Prospectus.
Name
Position
Other principal activities
Stuart Sinclair
Chairman
Non-executive director and chair
of remuneration committee for
Lloyds Banking Group plc and
non-executive director and chair
of Willis Ltd
Gerard Ryan
Chief Executive Officer
None
John Mangelaars
Independent
Chief Executive Officer of:
Non-executive Director
Skyscanner Ltd.
Deborah Davis
Independent
Non-executive chair of Diacetics
Non-executive Director
PLC, non-executive director of The
Institute of Directors in the UK, non-
executive director of IDEX
Biometrics in Norway, and a trustee
of Southern African Conservation
Trust in South Africa.
Bronwyn Syiek
Independent
Member of the Finance Committee
Non-executive Director
at Oxford University Press, the
examinations board at ABRSM and
advisor to Credit Sesame, Inc.
Richard Holmes
Senior Independent
Non-executive director of Itau BBA
Non-executive Director
International PLC, advisor to
Revolut UK Ltd and a trustee of the
Barry and Peggy High Charitable
Foundation
The business address of each of the directors is c/o Number Three, Leeds City Office Park,
Meadow Lane, Leeds LS11 5BD.
IV.10.1
IV.10.1

--- Page 59 ---
59
The Board may, subject to and in accordance with, the provisions of its articles of association,
authorise any matter which would otherwise involve a director breaching his duty under the
Companies Act 2006 to avoid conflicts of interest. Where the Board gives authority in relation
to a conflict of interest the Board may (a) require the relevant director to be excluded from the
receipt of information, the participation in discussion and/or the making of decisions related
to the conflict of interest; (b) impose upon the relevant director such other terms for the
purpose of dealing with the conflict of interest as it may determine; and (c) provide that the
relevant director will not be obliged to disclose information that is confidential to a third party
and obtained otherwise than through his position as a director of IPF, or to use or apply the
information in relation to IPF’s affairs, where to do so would amount to a breach of that
confidence. The Board may revoke or vary such authority at any time.
The above paragraph details how future potential conflicts of interests not known as at the
date of this Prospectus are to be addressed by IPF and the directors, should any such
potential conflicts arise.
As to any potential conflicts of interest as at the date of this Prospectus, save for the fact that
any of the directors of IPF may purchase and hold Notes issued under the Programme from
time to time (which would make them creditors of IPF in their personal capacity for so long as
they hold the Notes), there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the
directors listed above to IPF and their private interests and/or other duties. As at the date of
this Prospectus, no directors do in fact hold any Notes issued under the Programme except
as disclosed below.
Director Profiles
Stuart Sinclair
Chairman, age 67
Length of service: 1 year and 4 months
Appointments and qualifications: Stuart is a non-executive director and the chair of the
remuneration committee for Lloyds Banking Group plc and a non-executive director and chair
of Willis Limited. He previously held non-executive roles as chairman of the Platinum Bank in
Kiev, senior independent director and chair of the risk committee at QBE Insurance (Europe)
Limited, interim chair and senior independent director at Provident Financial Group plc, senior
independent director and chair of the risk committee at Swinton Group Ltd, non-executive
director of PruHealth/Vitality Ltd and Universal Insurance Inc. and also as council member of
the Royal Institute of International Affairs. He was president and COO at Aspen Insurance,
president and CEO at GE Capital, China, Chief Executive of Tesco Personal Finance and
Director of UK Retail Banking at The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc. Stuart holds a
master’s degree in Economics and a Master in Business Administration from the University
of California (UCLA). He is the author of three books and several UN reports in economics.
Key strengths and contributions: Stuart is a highly experienced non-executive director,
committee chair and senior independent director with a background in consumer financial
services.
Gerard Ryan
Chief Executive Officer, age 55
Length of service: 9 years and 6 months
Appointments and qualifications: Gerard was previously CEO for Citigroup’s consumer finance
businesses in the Western Europe, Middle East and Africa region. He was a director of Citi
International plc, Egg plc and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney UK. Earlier in his career, Gerard
was CFO of Garanti Bank, Turkey and CEO of GE Money Bank, Prague. He is a Fellow of
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland.
Key strengths and contributions: Gerard has over 25 years’ multi-country experience in
consumer financial services and provides the Company with strong leadership.
IV.10.2

--- Page 60 ---
60
Richard Holmes
Senior independent non-executive director, age 67
Length of service: 1 year and 4 months
Appointments and qualifications: Richard is a non-executive director and member of the audit,
risk & sustainability committees for Ulster Bank Ireland DAC Ltd and a trustee of the Barry and
Peggy High Charitable Foundation. He previously held roles as non-executive director for
British Growth Fund, chairman of the Financial Services Council at CBI, non-executive director
of the British Bankers Association, CEO for Europe at Standard Chartered plc, chairman &
chief executive of American Express Bank at American Express Company and executive vice
president of private bank at Bank of America Corporation. Richard holds a degree and
master’s degree in Economics and is a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants.
Key strengths and contributions: Richard is an experienced former senior executive with over
40 years of broad international financial services experience, including 20 years as CEO and
board member in private banking, wholesale banking, capital markets, trading operations,
strategy and finance.
John Mangelaars
Independent non-executive director, age 55
Length of service: 6 years
Appointments and qualifications: John worked for Microsoft for over 20 years specialising, in
more recent years, in the sales and marketing of online products, MSN Messenger, Hotmail
and Bing. He graduated from the Higher School of Economics in The Hague, Netherlands,
with a Bachelor in Information and Communication Technology (B ICT) and is currently the
CEO of online travel agency Travix International.
Key strengths and contributions: John has considerable experience in sales and e-commerce,
which will support the expansion of the Group’s digital lending business and the Group’s
objective to increase its technology capabilities.
Deborah Davis
Independent non-executive director, age 56
Length of service: 2 years and 9 months
Appointments and qualifications: Deborah is currently a non-executive director of The Institute
of Directors and Which? Limited in the UK, IDEX Biometrics in Norway, and is a Trustee of
Southern African Conservation Trust in South Africa. Deborah was previously Vice President
of Global Partnerships, and Vice President of Global Risk Operations at PayPal based in
London and Vice President of European Operations for eBay Marketplaces based in
Germany. She is a member of The Digital Banking Club Advisory Panel and non-executive
director of Intelligent Environments Ltd.
Key strengths and contributions: Deborah has wide ranging non-executive director experience
in fintech, consumer and technology businesses undergoing digital transformation, growth
and geographic expansion.
Bronwyn Syiek
Independent non-executive director, age 55
Length of service: 2 years and 9 months
Appointments and qualifications: Bronwyn is currently a Trustee of The SETI Institute, a US-
based non-profit scientific research institute and significant contractor to NASA. Bronwyn was
previously the executive president and a board member of QuinStreet Inc., having been its
Chief Operating Officer. A NASDAQ-listed company, QuinStreet is a leader in online
performance marketing products and technologies, serving a number of sectors including

--- Page 61 ---
61
financial services. Bronwyn also served on the management committee of De La Rue, a major
European provider of online and offline security products and services, and before that was
a consultant with McKinsey & Company, Inc.
Key strengths and contributions: Bronwyn has executive director experience in online
consumer marketing and technology, and scientific research organisations, and board
experience in education.
11.
The Group’s Governance Structure
The Group’s governance and oversight structure is summarised below:
The IPF Board leads and provides strategic direction to the Group. There is a formal schedule
of matters reserved specifically for the Board’s decision. These include the approval of the
Group’s strategy and risk appetite; principal risks; results; budgets; dividends; major
transactions; treasury policies; amendment of a prospectus; issuance of bonds and notes;
Board appointments and appointments to Board committees; health and safety and
environmental policy; corporate governance; annual review of the effectiveness of the Group’s
systems of internal control; directors’ conflicts of interest; and certain credit policies,
particularly write-offs and material changes to product structure and pricing.
Other matters are delegated specifically to six principal Board committees. The Chairman of
each Committee briefs the whole Board at each Board meeting on the principal items that
were discussed, decisions and issues.
The day-to-day running of the business is delegated to the Executive Committee, which
comprises the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer (and, on an interim
basis, the Director of Strategy and Planning).
The Disclosure Committee meets as required to consider whether an announcement to the
London Stock Exchange and/or Warsaw Stock Exchange is required. It comprises the Chief
Executive Officer and the Company Secretary.
The Audit and Risk Committee comprises three Non-Executive Directors: Richard Holmes
(Chairman of the Committee), Bronwyn Syiek and Deborah Davis. Richard Holmes is a Fellow
of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, and has relevant and recent experience
for the purposes of the UK Corporate Governance Code as published by the Financial
Reporting Council (the “Governance Code”). The external auditor, Deloitte LLP, the Chief
Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, and the Head of Internal Audit are invited to
attend all meetings. Periodically, senior management from across the Group are invited to
present on specific aspects of the business.
The Committee also meets from time to time with the external auditor, without an executive
director or member of the Group’s senior management being present to discuss the external
audit process. The Head of Internal Audit reports functionally to the Chairman of the
Committee.
IV.11.1
(Modified)

--- Page 62 ---
62
The objective of the Committee is to oversee the Group’s financial reporting, internal controls
and risk management procedures together with the work performed by the external auditor
and internal audit function. The main responsibilities are as follows:
•
monitor the Group’s systems of internal control, including financial operational and
compliance controls and risk management systems, and to perform an annual review
of their effectiveness;
•
monitor the integrity of the Financial Statements of the Company and the formal
announcements relating to the Company’s financial performance, reviewing significant
financial reporting judgements contained in them;
•
provide advice to the Board on whether the Annual Report and Financial Statements,
taken as a whole, are fair, balanced and understandable, and provide the information
necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s position and performance, business
model and strategy;
•
make recommendations to the Board, for the Board to put to shareholders in general
meeting, in relation to the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external
auditor and to approve its terms of appointment;
•
review and monitor the objectivity and independence of the external auditor and the
effectiveness of the external audit process, taking into consideration relevant United
Kingdom professional and regulatory requirements;
•
review and approve the internal audit programme for the year and monitor the
effectiveness of the internal audit function in the delivery of their plan; and
•
keep under review the Group Schedule of Key Risks and consider the principal risks
facing the Group and its mitigation.
The Risk Advisory Group comprises members of the senior management team. It supports
the Audit and Risk Committee by reviewing the level of risk exposure facing the Group against
the Group’s stated risk appetite, to ensure that the Group’s risk-taking and response is
appropriate. In particular, the Risk Advisory Group considers the risk assessments and risk
registers produced in each country in which the Group operates and updates the Group
schedule of key risks. The Risk Advisory Group reports to the Audit and Risk Committee.
12.
Corporate Governance
The Issuer complied, throughout the year ended 31 December 2020, with all the provisions
of the Governance Code as published by the Financial Reporting Council.
IV.11.2

--- Page 63 ---
63
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF
INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC
The financial summary set out below in relation to the years ended 31 December 2020 and
31 December 2019, and the half-year ended 30 June 2021, has been extracted without material
adjustment from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and the unaudited results of the Issuer for the half-year
ended 30 June 2021. Such selected financial information should be read together with such
consolidated financial statements. The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for
the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and the unaudited results of the Issuer
for the half-year ended 30 June 2021 are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. The
financial summary in relation to the year 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 has been added to aid
comparison.
Consolidated income statement
Unaudited
twelve
Unaudited
months
Audited
Audited
six months
ended
Year ended
Year ended
ended 30 June
30 June 31 December 31 December
2021
2021
2020
2019
£m
£m
£m
£m
Revenue
262.9
562.0
661.3
889.1
Impairment
(11.7)
(77.1)
(247.6)
(243.5)
Revenue less impairment
251.2
484.9
413.7
645.6
Finance costs
(25.8)
(53.5)
(55.0)
(63.5)
Other operating costs
(52.9)
(106.9)
(108.7)
(137.3)
Administrative expenses
(129.2)
(263.2)
(278.8)
(330.8)
Total costs
(207.9)
(423.6)
(442.5)
(531.6)
Pre-exceptional profit/(loss) before taxation
43.3
61.3
(28.8)
114.0
Exceptional items:
Impairment
–
–
(2.5)
–
Finance costs
–
–
8.2
–
Administrative costs
–
(5.4)
(17.6)
–
Total exceptional items before taxation
–
(5.4)
(11.9)
–
Profit/(loss) before taxation
43.3
55.9
(40.7)
114.0
Pre-exceptional tax expense
(20.4)
(36.9)
(24.5)
(42.2)
Exceptional tax income/(expense)
–
(1.2)
1.0
–
Total tax expense
(20.4)
(35.7)
(23.5)
(42.2)
Profit/(loss) after taxation attributable to
owners of the Issuer
22.9
20.2
(64.2)
71.8
IV.3.1

--- Page 64 ---
64
Consolidated balance sheet
Unaudited
Audited
Audited
30 June
31 December
31 December
2021
2020
2019
£m
£m
£m
Assets
Goodwill
23.4
24.4
23.1
Intangible assets
26.2
30.2
43.2
Property, plant and equipment
13.2
15.4
20.0
Right-of-use asset
16.6
17.5
18.8
Deferred tax assets
125.5
135.7
151.7
Non-current tax asset
14.2
–
34.2
Retirement benefit asset
5.6
3.4
3.4
Amounts receivable from customers
162.0
136.5
245.3
386.7
363.1
539.7
Current assets
Amounts receivable from customers
512.2
532.6
728.3
Derivative financial instruments
1.3
0.5
0.3
Cash and cash equivalents
100.4
116.3
37.4
Other receivables
15.9
9.9
16.9
Current tax assets
1.6
1.5
0.1
631.4
660.8
783.0
Total assets
1,018.1
1,023.9
1,322.7
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Borrowings
(43.3)
(0.2)
(112.7)
Derivative financial instruments
(3.7)
(6.7)
(16.2)
Trade and other payables
(113.4)
(89.1)
(123.9)
Obligations under finances leases
(7.3)
(7.4)
(8.7)
Provisions for liabilities and charges
(24.2)
(19.2)
–
Current tax liabilities
(14.3)
(13.4)
(30.3)
(206.2)
(136.0)
(291.8)
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
(9.4)
(13.8)
(20.0)
Borrowings
(428.5)
(491.8)
(563.7)
Obligations under finances leases
(11.0)
(11.8)
(10.8)
(448.9)
(517.4)
(594.5)
Total liabilities
(655.1)
(653.4)
(886.3)
Net assets
363.0
370.5
436.4
Equity attributable to owners of the Issuer
Called-up share capital
23.4
23.4
23.4
Other reserve
(22.5)
(22.5)
(22.5)
Foreign exchange reserve
(22.5)
5.0
9.1
Hedging reserve
(0.6)
0.9
(0.1)
Own Shares
(44.4)
(45.2)
(46.1)
Capital redemption reserve
2.3
2.3
2.3
Retained earnings
427.3
406.6
470.3
Total equity
363.0
370.5
436.4

--- Page 65 ---
65
Consolidated cash flow statement
Unaudited
Unaudited
twelve
six months
months
ended
ended
Audited
Audited
30 June
30 June 31 December 31 December
2021
2021
2020
2019
£m
£m
£m
£m
Cash flows from operating activities
Continuing operations
Cash generated from operating activities
58.7
212.5
329.8
169.2
Finance costs paid
(11.3)
(26.3)
(54.7)
(64.0)
Finance income received
–
9.9
9.9
–
Income tax paid
(33.7)
(22.6)
(1.4)
(41.0)
Net cash generated from operating activities
13.7
173.5
283.6
64.2
Cash flows used in investing activities
Purchases of intangible assets
(3.4)
(8.7)
(11.7)
(21.2)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment
(1.3)
(3.2)
(3.8)
(10.2)
Proceeds from sale of property,
plant and equipment
0.1
0.3
0.4
0.2
Net cash used in investing activities
(4.6)
(11.6)
(15.1)
(31.2)
Net cash generated from operating and
investing activities
9.1
161.9
268.5
33.0
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings
5.9
252.5
311.3
119.9
Repayment of borrowings
(22.7)
(400.8)
(490.0)
(120.3)
Principal elements of lease payments
(4.9)
(10.5)
(10.9)
(9.9)
Shares acquired by employee trust
(1.3)
(1.3)
–
(2.1)
Dividends paid to Company shareholders
–
–
–
(27.7)
Net cash used in financing activities
(23.0)
(160.1)
(189.6)
(40.1)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and
cash equivalents
(13.9)
1.8
78.9
(7.1)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
116.3
100.6
37.4
46.6
Exchange (losses)/gains on cash and cash
equivalents
(2.0)
(2.0)
–
(2.1)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
100.4
100.4
116.3
37.4

--- Page 66 ---
66
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS
1.
IPF Holdings Limited
IPF Holdings Limited is a private limited company incorporated and registered in England and
Wales on 29 October 1980 as a company limited by shares with registered number 01525242.
Its registered office is at Number Three, Leeds City Office Park, Meadow Lane, Leeds LS11
5BD and the telephone number of its registered office is +44 (0) 113 539 5466. The operations
of IPF Holdings Limited are subject to English company law, in particular the Companies Act
2006.
IPF Holdings Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer and its principal business
activity is to act as the intermediate holding company of International Personal Finance
Investments Limited and IPF Financial Services Limited.
2.
International Personal Finance Investments Limited
International Personal Finance Investments Limited is a private limited company incorporated
and registered in England and Wales on 28 August 1969 as a company limited by shares
with registered number 00961088. Its registered office is at Number Three, Leeds City Office
Park, Meadow Lane, Leeds LS11 5BD and the telephone number of its registered office is +44
(0) 113 539 5466. The operations of International Personal Finance Investments Limited are
subject to English company law, in particular the Companies Act 2006.
International Personal Finance Investments Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of IPF
Holdings Limited and its principal business activity is to act as the intermediate holding
company of the Group’s operating subsidiaries.
3.
IPF International Limited
IPF International Limited is a private limited company incorporated and registered in England
and Wales on 14 March 1963 as a company limited by shares with registered number
00753518. Its registered office is at Number Three, Leeds City Office Park, Meadow Lane,
Leeds LS11 5BD and the telephone number of its registered office is +44 (0) 113 539 5466.
The operations of IPF International Limited are subject to English company law, in particular
the Companies Act 2006.
IPF International Limited is an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of International Personal
Finance Investments Limited and principal business activities are to provide services and
business know-how to fellow subsidiary undertakings.
4.
IPF Digital Group Limited
IPF Digital Group Limited is a private limited company incorporated and registered in England
and Wales on 18 December 2006 as a company limited by shares with registered number
06032184. Its registered office is at Number Three, Leeds City Office Park, Meadow Lane,
Leeds LS11 5BD and the telephone number of its registered office is +44 (0) 113 539 5466.
The operations of IPF Digital Group Limited are subject to English company law, in particular
the Companies Act 2006.
IPF Digital Group Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer and its principal business
activity is to act as the intermediate holding company of IPF Digital AS.
VI.3
IV.5.1.1
IV.5.1.2
IV.5.1.3
IV.5.1.4
VI.3
IV.5.1.1
IV.5.1.2
IV.5.1.3
IV.5.1.4
VI.3
IV.5.1.1
IV.5.1.2
IV.5.1.3
IV.5.1.4

--- Page 67 ---
67
5.
Directors of the Guarantors
The following table sets out a list of directors of each of the Guarantors and the principal
activities performed by them outside of their duties as directors for the Guarantors, where
these are significant to any of the Guarantors as at the date of this Prospectus.
Name
Position
Other principal activities
Gerard Ryan
Director
None
Douglas Kleppen
Director
None
Rami Ryhanen (IPF Digital)
Director
None
James Ormrod
Director
None
The business address of each of the directors listed above is c/o Number Three, Leeds City
Office Park, Meadow Lane, Leeds LS11 5BD.
As at the date of this Prospectus, save for the fact that any of the directors of any of the
Guarantors may purchase and hold Notes issued under the Programme from time to time
(which would make them creditors of the Guarantors in their personal capacity for so long as
they held the Notes), there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the
directors of each of the Guarantors listed above to any of the Guarantors and their private
interests and/or other duties. As at the date of this Prospectus, no directors of the Guarantors
do in fact hold any Notes issued under the Programme.
IV.10.2

--- Page 68 ---
68
REGULATORY INFORMATION
1.
Europe
1.1
EU consumer credit legislation
The provision of credit to consumers in the EU, including consumer loans, is at present
governed by national legislation which implements the provisions of the consumer credit
directive, Directive 2008/48/EC (the “CCD”).
The CCD focuses on transparency and consumer rights in relation to consumer credit
agreements and the efficiency of the consumer credit market. It requires a comprehensive set
of information to be given to consumers in good time before the consumer credit agreement
is concluded and also requires such information to be included as part of the consumer credit
agreement itself.
Contrary to the position under the previous consumer credit directive, the CCD takes the
approach of ‘targeted full harmonisation’. This means that, whilst member states have
discretion in certain areas, they are not permitted to adopt or retain more stringent provisions
in their national law, the intention being that this leads to a largely consistent legislative
position across the EU, thereby encouraging cross-border trade.
The CCD seeks to provide a standard mechanism for calculating the Annual Percentage Rate
of Charge (the “APR”) that must be included as part of the information to be provided to
consumers entering into credit agreements. This means that the definition and formula for
the calculation of the APR is harmonised at EU level. The CCD requires that:
(i)
only the amounts that consumers are required to pay in connection with the credit
agreement, and which are known to the consumer credit provider, should be included
in the total cost of credit to the consumer (and hence the APR); and
(ii)
costs in respect of ancillary services relating to the credit agreement are only included
in the total cost of credit to the consumer (and hence the APR) if the conclusion of a
service contract is compulsory in order to obtain the credit, or to obtain it on the terms
and conditions marketed.
Agreements for the provision of short term, low value credit with short repayment periods
often attract attention as a result of their high APRs, although such attention is typically as a
result of misconception as to the meaning of APR and its significance. Further, the total
charges for the Group’s loans are higher than for loans provided by mainstream banks,
reflecting the higher lending risk, the absence generally of default fees for missed payments
on home collected loans (within term) and the high level of personal service provided by the
agent. Both of these factors can attract criticism and increase calls for statutory caps on
charges and limitations on the amounts that the Group may lend to any individual customer.
The CCD also includes harmonised provisions relating to reductions in the total cost of credit
to consumers who choose to utilise their right to early settlement of their credit obligations.
Whilst similar provisions were included in the previous consumer credit directive, they were
non-standardised and related only to full early settlement. The CCD extends this by providing
an entitlement for consumers to a reduction on the total cost of credit on partial, as well as full,
early settlement of their credit obligations.
Under the CCD, EU member states are under an obligation to ensure that, before the
conclusion of a credit agreement with a consumer, the consumer credit provider assesses the
consumer’s creditworthiness on the basis of sufficient information obtained from the
consumer, where appropriate, or on the basis of a consultation of the relevant national
database. Furthermore, EU member states are under an obligation to ensure that, where
parties to a consumer credit agreement agree to change the total amount of credit after the
conclusion of the credit agreement, the consumer credit provider updates the financial
information at its disposal concerning the consumer and re-assesses the consumer’s
creditworthiness before any significant increase in the total amount of credit made available.

--- Page 69 ---
69
The European Commission published guidelines in May 2012 relating to the application of the
CCD. Although the guidelines are non-binding, uncertainty still remains in relation to how
national regulators and courts will interpret and apply them over time and, accordingly, there
is a risk that the Group’s business could be adversely affected. In particular, there is a risk that
the Group may be compelled to make further changes to its product structure in some markets
in order to comply with the provisions dealing with calculation of APR.
The European Commission recently launched a review of the CCD. The draft proposal of the
Commission was published on 30 June 2021, as expected. The next stage is for the proposal
to be debated by the European Council and the European Parliament, and the Group expects
this process to take until the second half of 2022 to be completed. IPF will monitor the
progress and scope of these discussions and any proposals to amend the CCD.
1.2
National consumer credit legislation in Europe including price caps
Overview
The detail of local regulatory restrictions can have a significant impact on the Group’s business
in each relevant jurisdiction. These restrictions can and do change quickly; this is something
which the Group monitors closely. Key restrictions for the Group’s business include (a) price
caps; and (b) debt to income restrictions.
Regulatory developments relating to lending restrictions and a range of related issues have
continued in a number of the Group’s European markets and resulted in several changes to
the regulatory environment in which the Group operates. As a result, financial services
companies, including consumer lenders, face increased legislation and challenges from
consumer protection authorities.
For information about the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the local regulatory restrictions
relevant to the Group’s businesses, please see “Temporary changes to regulatory frameworks
as a result of COVID-19” below.
Price caps in specific jurisdictions
The Group operates within price cap environments in all its European markets with the
exception of the Czech Republic, Romania and Spain, and the Group expects pricing
regulations to be implemented in the future in these currently-uncapped markets.
In Poland, the current price cap is (i) a flat level of 25% of the loan value, and (ii) an additional
variable cap of 30% per annum. Although there have been previous government proposals
to amend these caps, such proposals were not implemented and there is currently no proposal
to do so.
In Hungary, the maximum APR applicable to consumer loans is the national bank base rate
plus 24% per annum.
In the Czech Republic, the possibility of a price capping measure was raised in 2018, and then
deferred. However, at the beginning of 2019, the subject was brought up again and two
separate proposals were submitted to the Czech parliament. Both proposals are currently
frozen and, following the upcoming general elections, will fall away unless introduced into the
new Chamber of Deputies.
The Group’s home service is provided as a separate, optional service in Romania and
Hungary. The fee for the optional home service has historically (based on consumer credit
regulation) fallen outside the scope of interest rate, total cost of credit or APR caps. However,
if these charges were required to be included within the scope of the caps, the Group’s
profitability may be adversely affected.
Legislative proposals have been tabled in the Romanian parliament which include: (i) a cap
on the total amount repayable on loans below 15,000 Romanian Lei (approximately EUR
3,000), set at two times the principal borrowed; and (ii) an APR cap on all other consumer
credit loans, set at 15% per annum plus the relevant base rate. These proposals were
approved by the Romanian parliament, but were subsequently declared unconstitutional, and

--- Page 70 ---
70
therefore did not enter into force. A new proposal could however be tabled in the future,
although, if such a proposal were to be similar to that described above, this would be unlikely
to have a material adverse impact on the Group’s Romanian business.
In Finland, as a result of COVID-19, the existing APR cap was tightened to 10% for all new
lending. This legislation followed a significant reduction in the APR cap in September 2019
and significantly limited the economic returns achievable in this market. As part of the Group’s
review of expected returns and capital requirements, the Group decided to close its digital
business in Finland and collect out the portfolio. This is a recent example of how the
jurisdictions in which the Group’s businesses operate can be impacted by regulatory changes.
Debt to income restrictions
The Group operates within certain markets (such as Romania, Hungary and Lithuania) where
the amount of a loan to a customer is restricted by mandatory debt to income limits. For
example, the Romanian National Bank has adopted a maximum 40% debt to income ratio limit
for loans in the national currency and 20% for those in other currencies. Lenders may exceed
the maximum ratio for newly granted consumer credit, subject to a maximum of 15% of the
volume of the consumer credit granted by such lender in the previous quarter. The regulation
came into force on 1 January 2019. The Group expects similar proposals to emerge in other
markets in the future.
Other material restrictions and regulatory initiatives
UOKiK, the Polish competition and consumer protection authority, is conducting a
comprehensive review of rebating practices by banks and other consumer credit providers on
early loan settlement, including those of the Group’s Polish businesses. In light of this and a
recent Court of Justice of the European Union declaratory judgment on the matter, new market
standard rebating practices are evolving in Poland. When the Group has full clarity on the
new emerging standards, its Polish businesses will conform their rebating practices
accordingly. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Group’s current expectation is that the
annual financial impact on profit before tax is likely to be in the range of £5-10 million and the
Group is working on a number of mitigation strategies.
Regulatory licensing and supervision regimes
The Group’s activities in Poland and Spain are subject to registration procedures / general
licenses only, as opposed to any licensing or supervision by a financial authority. A licences
regime was introduced in the Czech Republic during 2016 and the Group’s Czech subsidiary
received its licence in early 2018. In Romania and Lithuania, the Group’s local business is
included in registers of credit providers maintained by the respective National Banks and in
Finland in a register maintained by the Regional State Administrative Agency of South Finland.
The Group’s operations in Hungary are subject to an operating licence issued by the National
Bank, in Estonia the Group’s operations are subject to a licence by the Financial Supervision
Authority and in Latvia its operations are subject to a licence by the Consumer Rights
Protection Centre.
1.3
Temporary changes to regulatory frameworks as a result of COVID-19
Price caps in specific jurisdictions
In Poland, following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, a reduction in the cap on non-
interest costs of credit for new lending was introduced on 1 April 2020. The flat level of the
cap was reduced from 25% of the loan value to 15% and the additional variable cap from
30% to 6% per annum, with the aggregate total of the caps not to exceed 45% of the loan
value. The reduced cap was originally scheduled to finish on 8 March 2021 before being
extended to 30 June 2021. The cap has now reverted to previous levels.

--- Page 71 ---
71
Debt repayment moratoria and payment holidays
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, governments and banks in many jurisdictions have
introduced extraordinary measures to alleviate the financial and economic impact of the
pandemic on consumers. Such emergency measures have included moratoria on loan
payments (on an opt-out or opt-in basis) in certain of the Group’s markets.
In the Czech Republic, Lithuania, Poland, Romania and Spain, governments and regulatory
authorities implemented a variety of debt payment moratoria and payment holidays (each of
which have now expired). None of these measures had a material impact on the business of
the Group.
In Hungary, the government implemented a debt payment moratorium for consumers until
30 June 2021, and the Hungarian government has extended this to 30 September 2021. The
moratorium only applies to loans entered into prior to 18 March 2020. Borrowers can opt out
if they wish to continue to make payments on their loans and subsequently opt in at a later
date. Currently, approximately 54 per cent. of borrowers have opted into the moratorium.
1.4
Good morals and usury laws
Each of the EU member states in which the Group operates has civil law provisions that apply
principles of “good morals” and/or usury to contracts. The meaning, scope and application of
these principles varies from country to country. As a general rule, however, each country’s civil
law contains provisions that enable courts to hold an agreement null and void if it is deemed
to be unfair or if the agreement is considered to have been concluded in bad faith.
There has been a significant increase in the volume of usury-related claims from customers
of the Group’s Spanish business. In response to this, the Group has restructured its Spanish
product offering. This is likely to have a negative impact on the volume of credit issued by the
Group in Spain.
Similarly, each of the EU member states in which the Group operates has criminal law
provisions that relate to the principles of “good morals” in contracts. While the meaning, scope
and application again varies from country to country, the criminal codes in all relevant
countries contain a general principle that a criminal offence would be committed by, for
example, a consumer credit provider, if it were to exploit a consumer’s position or state of
distress. There are also, in certain of the relevant countries, specific criminal provisions that
relate to usury.
1.5
Anti-money laundering
All of the Group’s European businesses are subject to local anti-money laundering and
terrorist financing legislative requirements which were introduced pursuant to the requirements
of the European Fifth Anti-Money Laundering Directive, Directive (EU) 2018/843, as amended.
2.
Mexico
The Group’s Mexican subsidiary is not classified as a financial institution and therefore is not
subject to the supervision of the National Banking Commission, or any other financial authority
in Mexico, and does not require any permits or licences in respect of financial regulation to
conduct its business. The Group’s Mexican activities are subject to registration procedures
only.
The Group’s Mexican business is subject to local anti-money laundering and terrorist financing
legislative requirements.
3.
Australia
The Group’s activities in Australia are subject to a credit licence from the Australian Securities
and Investments Commission and are subject to maximum rate provisions.
The Group’s Australian business is subject to local anti-money laundering and terrorist
financing legislative requirements.

--- Page 72 ---
72
4.
Insurance distribution activities
The Group’s offering of certain home, medical, and life insurance and other products, in
partnership with a range of insurance providers, to its customers is an ancillary activity to its
core lending business. In all of its insurance activities the Group acts as an intermediary,
distributor and/or agent and the Group does not underwrite any insurance policy. This is a
regulated activity in a number of the jurisdictions within which the Group operates.
5.
Management of regulatory issues
The Group has skilled and experienced legal and public affairs teams both at Group level
and in each of the markets in which the Group operates. These teams monitor political,
legislative and regulatory developments and engage with relevant stakeholders on these
developments.

--- Page 73 ---
73
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:
International Personal Finance plc
(i)
the following sections of the unaudited Half Year Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer
for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 published on the Issuer’s website on 27 July 2021
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/results-reports-presentations/
results-presentations/2021/IPF-HY2021-Consolidated-Half-year-Financial-Report.pdf.
downloadasset.pdf):
(a)
Financial and operational highlights on pages 3 to 4;
(b)
Market overview and Covid-19 response strategy on page 4;
(c)
Group performance on pages 4 to 6;
(d)
Strategy on page 6;
(e)
Business division performance review on pages 7 to 11;
(f)
Taxation on page 12;
(g)
Funding and balance sheet on page 12;
(h)
Dividend on page 12;
(i)
Financial highlights on page 14; and
(j)
Financial Statements on pages 15-52;
(ii)
the following sections of the Annual Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the
financial year ended 31 December 2020 published on the Issuer’s website on 24 March 2021
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/results-reports-
presentations/reports/2021/2020-Annual-Report.pdf.downloadasset.pdf) (the “2020 Annual
Report”):
(a)
Principal Risks and Uncertainties on pages 48 to 56;
(b)
Operational Review on pages 26 to 31;
(c)
Financial Review on pages 32 to 36;
(d)
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 101 to 109;
(e)
Consolidated Income Statement on page 110;
(f)
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income on page 110;
(g)
Consolidated Balance Sheet on page 111;
(h)
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity on pages 112 to 113;
(i)
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement on page 114; and
(j)
Notes to the Financial Statements on pages 124 to 153;
(iii)
the following sections of the Annual Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the
financial year ended 31 December 2019 published on the Issuer’s website on 3 March 2020
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/results-reports-
presentations/reports/2020/IPF%202019%20Annual%20Report.pdf.downloadasset.pdf) (the
“2019 Annual Report”):
(a)
Principal Risks and Uncertainties on pages 44 to 53;
(b)
Operational Review on pages 24 to 29;
(c)
Financial Review on pages 39 to 43;
IV.16.1
IV.3.1
IV.13.4.1
IV.13.1
IV.13.2

--- Page 74 ---
74
(d)
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 108 to 115;
(e)
Consolidated Income Statement on page 116;
(f)
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income on page 116;
(g)
Consolidated Balance Sheet on page 117;
(h)
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity on pages 118 to 119;
(i)
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement on page 120; and
(j)
Notes to the Financial Statements on pages 128 to 155;
(iv)
the memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer (https://www.ipfin.co.uk/
content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-funding-information/ Documents%20relevant%20to
%20the%20debt%20issuance%20programme.zip);
IPF Holdings Limited
(v)
the memorandum and articles of association of IPF Holdings Limited (https://www.ipfin.co.uk/
content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-funding-information/ Documents%20relevant%20to
%20the%20debt%20issuance%20programme.zip);
International Personal Finance Investments Limited
(vi)
the memorandum and articles of association of International Personal Finance Investments
Limited (https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-funding-information/
Documents%20relevant%20to%20the%20debt%20issuance%20programme.zip);
IPF International Limited
(vii)
the
memorandum
and
articles
of
association
of
IPF
International
Limited
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-funding-information/
Documents%20relevant%20to%20the%20debt%20issuance%20programme.zip);
IPF Digital Group Limited
(viii)
the
memorandum
and
articles
of
association
of
IPF
Digital
Group
Limited
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-funding-information/
Documents%20relevant%20to%20the%20debt%20issuance%20programme.zip);
Previous Prospectuses
(ix)
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 107 to 134 of the Prospectus dated 8 May 2018
relating to the Programme (the “2018 Base Prospectus”) (https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/
dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-funding-information/Documents%20relevant%
20to%20the%20debt%20issuance%20programme.zip);
(x)
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions set out in the 2018 Base Prospectus set out
on page 16 of the Drawdown Prospectus dated 11 June 2018 relating to the issuance of
Swedish Krona denominated Notes under the Programme (https://www.ipfin.co.uk/
content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-funding-information/Documents%20relevant%
20to%20the%20debt%20issuance%20programme.zip);
(xi)
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 107 to 137 of the Prospectus dated 12 April 2019
relating to the Programme (https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-
funding-information/Documents%20relevant%20to%20the%20debt%20issuance%
20programme.zip);
(xii)
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 91 to 132 of the Prospectus dated 13 March 2020
relating to the Programme (the “2020 Base Prospectus”) (https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/
dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-funding-information/IPF%20EMTN%202020%20
Prospectus.pdf); and
(xiii)
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions set out in the 2020 Base Prospectus set out
on pages 19 to 24 of the Drawdown Prospectus dated 10 November 2020 relating to the
VI.3
VI.3
VI.3
VI.3

--- Page 75 ---
75
issuance of euro denominated Notes under the Programme (https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/
dam/ipf/corporate/investors/debt-funding-information/20.11.10%20IPF%20-%20Drawdown
%20Prospectus%20(BLACK).pdf),
each of which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus
and which have been approved by the FCA or filed with it and filed with the CBI. Such documents
shall be incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a
document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose
of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus.
Any information contained in any of the documents incorporated by reference which is not
incorporated in and does not form part of this Prospectus is either not relevant for Investors or is
covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.
If documents which are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus themselves incorporate any
information or other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other
documents will not form part of this Prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation
or the UK Prospectus Regulation except where such information or other documents are specifically
incorporated by reference or attached to this Prospectus.
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge)
from the website of the Issuer at www.ipfin.co.uk. The other contents of the Issuer’s website shall
not form part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 76 ---
76
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to
Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer
will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Prospectus or a
further Prospectus which; (i) in respect of any subsequent issue of EU Notes admitted to trading on
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or any other EU Regulated Market, shall constitute a
supplementary prospectus as required by the CBI and Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation;
and (ii) in respect of any subsequent issue of UK Notes admitted to trading on the LSE Main Market
or any other UK Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplementary prospectus as required by the
FCA and Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor,
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid.
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23(2) of the UK Prospectus Regulation, where UK Notes
are offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for UK Notes
before any supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two working days after the
publication of such supplement, to withdraw their acceptance, provided that the significant new
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23(1) of the UK Prospectus
Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of UK Notes,
whichever occurs first. The period may be extended by the Issuer. The final date of the right of
withdrawal will be stated in the supplement.

--- Page 77 ---
77
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated on or around
26 August 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Permanent
Dealers (as defined in the Dealer Agreement) and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right
to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may
be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers,
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Issuer may agree with a Dealer to pay such Dealer a commission in respect of Notes subscribed
by such Dealer. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred
in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities
in connection with the Programme.
The Issuer and the Guarantors have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to
terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe for Notes in certain circumstances prior to
payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to,
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended and Treasury regulations thereunder.
The relevant Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D apply, or whether TEFRA is
not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has
not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering within
the United States and the issuance date or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it
will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within
the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration
requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or
otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available, the Notes of that
Series to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MIFID II;
V.5.2.1(i) CAT A
XIII.4.14 CAT A
V.4.13 CAT A
V.5.2.1(i) CAT A
XIII.4.14 CAT A

--- Page 78 ---
78
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1)
of EU MIFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or
otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available, the Notes of that
Series to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1)
of UK MiFIR; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and any
regulatory or implementing technical standards and other delegated or implementing
acts adopted under that Regulation, in each case to the extent that they form part of UK
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Sales to EEA Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant State”), each
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made, and will not make, an offer of Notes which
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes
to the public in that Relevant State:
(i)
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a
“Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that
Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the
final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or
final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose
of that Non-exempt Offer;
(ii)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus
Regulation;
(iii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined
in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 79 ---
79
(iv)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus
Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.
In this provision and in this Prospectus generally, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in
relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an
Investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Sales to UK Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as
“Not Applicable”, in relation to the UK, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not
made, and will not make, an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK:
(i)
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation in the UK (a “UK Public
Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has
been approved by the FCA, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been
completed by the final terms contemplating such UK Public Offer, in accordance with the UK
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such
prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for
the purpose of that UK Public Offer;
(ii)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus
Regulation;
(iii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined
in the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iv)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus
Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
In this provision and in this Prospectus generally, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in
the United Kingdom relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an
Investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
United Kingdom
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that:
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by
the Issuer;

--- Page 80 ---
80
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Ireland
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:
(A)
it has not, directly or indirectly, offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell,
place or underwrite the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the
European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 (Nos. 1 to 3)
(as amended), including, without limitation, Regulations 7 and 152 thereof or any codes of
conduct used in connection therewith and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act
1998;
(B)
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) of Ireland, the Central Bank Acts 1942-
2018 (as amended) and any code of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central
Bank Act 1989 (as amended); and
(C)
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes,
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No
596/2014 and any rules issued under Section 34 of the Investment Funds, Companies and
Miscellaneous Provisions Act 2005 (as amended) by the Central Bank of Ireland.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”).
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly,
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan,
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-
offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance
with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be
required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed,
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed,
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly,
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”) pursuant to Section 274 of the
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1)
of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 81 ---
81
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person
which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of
the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in
that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has
acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments)
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
Poland
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any
Notes in Poland through a public offering – subject to several exemptions set out in the Act on Public
Offering, Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to Organised Trading, and
Public Companies of 29 July 2005 (the “Polish Act on Offerings”) – as part of their initial distribution
or otherwise, to residents of Poland or within the territory of Poland. Pursuant to the Polish Act on
Offerings, “public offering” means a communication in any form and by any means, which is
addressed to at least 150 persons, or to an unspecified addressee, and which contains sufficient
information on the securities to be offered and terms and conditions of their acquisition, so as to
enable an investor to decide to acquire those securities.
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be
required to acknowledge, that the acquisition and holding of the Notes by residents of Poland may
be subject to restrictions imposed by Polish law (including foreign exchange regulations) and that
re-offers and re-sales of the Notes to Polish residents or in Poland in secondary trading may also
be subject to restrictions.
Czech Republic
No action has been taken in the Czech Republic (including obtaining approval of the prospectus from
the Czech National Bank (the “CNB”) and the admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined
in Section 55 (1) of Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market,
as amended (the “Czech Capital Markets Act”)) for the purposes of allowing any Notes to qualify
as securities admitted to trading on the Czech regulated market (as defined in the Czech Capital
Markets Act) or any other European regulated market within the meaning of the Czech Capital
Markets Act.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any
Notes in the Czech Republic through a public offering, and has not provided and will not provide any
communication to a broader circle of persons containing information on the securities being offered
and the terms under which they may acquire the securities and which are sufficient for the investor
to make a decision or to subscribe for, or purchase, such securities, subject to the exemptions set
out in the Czech Capital Markets Act, as part of their initial distribution or otherwise, to residents of
the Czech Republic or within the Czech Republic.

--- Page 82 ---
82
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the
requirements of the Czech Capital Markets Act and has not taken, and will not take, any action
which would result in the issue of the Notes being classed as “accepting deposits from the public”
by the Issuer in the Czech Republic under Section 2 (1) of Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks
(as amended) (the “Czech Act on Banks”) or requiring a permit, registration, filing or notification to
the CNB or other authorities in the Czech Republic in respect of the Notes in accordance with the
Czech Capital Markets Act, the Czech Act on Banks or the practice of the CNB.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the laws
of the Czech Republic applicable to the conduct of business in the Czech Republic (including the
laws applicable to the provision of investment services (within the meaning of the Czech Capital
Markets Act) in the Czech Republic) in respect of the Notes.
Slovakia
No permit for the issue of the Notes has been obtained (including obtaining approval of the terms
and conditions of the Notes) from the National Bank of Slovakia (the “NBS”) nor is any required
under Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Zb. Coll., on Bonds (the “Slovak Bonds Act”). No action has been
taken in Slovakia (including (i) obtaining approval of the Prospectus or base prospectus from the
NBS pursuant to Slovak Act No. 566/2001 Coll., on Securities and Investment Services and on
Amendments of Other Acts, as amended (the “Slovak Securities and Investment Act”) and (ii) the
admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined under the Slovak Act No. 429/2002 Coll.,
Stock Exchange Act, as amended (the “Slovak Stock Exchange Act”)) for the purposes of any
Notes to qualify as securities admitted to trading on the Slovak regulated market (as defined in the
Slovak Stock Exchange Act) or any other European regulated market within the meaning of the
Slovak Stock Exchange Act.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any
Notes in Slovakia through a public offering, and has not provided and will not provide any
communication to a broader circle of persons containing information on the securities being offered
and the terms under which they may acquire the securities and which are sufficient for the investor
to make a decision or to subscribe for, or purchase, such securities, subject to the exemptions set
out in the Slovak Securities and Investment Act, as part of their initial distribution or otherwise, to
residents of Slovakia or within Slovakia.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the
requirements of the Slovak Securities and Investment Act and the Slovak Bonds Act and has not
taken, and will not take, any action which would result in the Notes being deemed to have been
issued in Slovakia, the issue of the Notes being classed as “accepting of deposits” by the Issuer in
Slovakia under Section 2 (2) and Section 5 letter a) of Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll., on Banks (as
amended) (the “Slovak Act on Banks”) or requiring a permit, registration, filing or notification to the
NBS or other authorities in Slovakia in respect of the Notes in accordance with the Slovak Securities
and Investment Act, the Slovak Bonds Act, the Slovak Act on Banks or the practice of the NBS.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the laws
of Slovakia applicable to the conduct of business in Slovakia (including the laws applicable to the
provision of investment services (within the meaning of the Slovak Securities and Investment Act)
in Slovakia) in respect of the Notes.
Hungary
No permit for the issue of the Notes has been obtained (including obtaining approval of the terms
and conditions of the Notes) from the National Bank of Hungary (the “NBH”) nor is required under
Hungarian Act CXX of 2001 on Capital Markets (the “Hungarian Capital Markets Act”). No action
has been taken in Hungary (including obtaining approval of this Prospectus from the NBH and the
admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in Chapter II, Section 5.(1)114, of the
Hungarian Capital Markets Act)) for the purposes of any Notes to qualify as securities admitted to

--- Page 83 ---
83
trading on the Hungarian regulated market (as defined in Chapter IV of the Hungarian Capital
Markets Act) or any other European regulated market within the meaning of the Hungarian Capital
Markets Act.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any
Notes in Hungary through a public offering, and has not provided and will not provide any
communication to persons containing information on the securities being offered and the terms
under which they may acquire the securities and which are sufficient for the investor to make a
decision or to subscribe for, or purchase, such securities subject to exemptions set out in the
Hungarian Capital Markets Act.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the
requirements of the Hungarian Capital Markets Act and has not taken, and will not take, any action
which would result in the Notes being deemed to have been issued in Hungary, the issue of the
Notes being classed as “taking deposits and other repayable funds from the public” by the Issuer
in Hungary under Section 3.(1)(a) of the Hungarian Act CCXXXVII of 2013 on Credit Institutions
and Financial Enterprises (the “Hungarian Banking Act”) or requiring a permit, registration, filing
or notification to the NBH or other authorities in Hungary in respect of the Notes in accordance with
the Hungarian Capital Markets Act or the practice of the NBH.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the laws
of Hungary applicable to the conduct of business in Hungary (including the laws applicable to the
provision of investment services – within the meaning of the Hungarian Act CXXXVIII of 2007 on
Investment Firms and Commodity Dealers, and on the Regulations Governing their Activities – in
Hungary) in respect of the Notes.
If the Notes are offered in a private placement in Hungary, the Issuer must report such private
placement to the NBH within 15 days from the closing date of the private placement.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that, if the Notes are offered in a private placement in
Hungary, (i) all written documentation prepared in connection with a private placement in Hungary
will clearly indicate that it is a private placement; (ii) it will ensure that all investors receive the same
information which is material or necessary to the evaluation of the Issuer’s current market, economic,
financial or legal situation and its expected development, including that which was discussed in any
personal consultation with an investor, and (iii) the following standard wording will be included in
such written communication:
“PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 OF ACT CXX OF 2001 ON THE CAPITAL MARKETS, THIS [NAME
OF DOCUMENT] WAS PREPARED IN CONNECTION WITH A PRIVATE PLACEMENT IN
HUNGARY.”
Romania
No action has been taken in Romania (including obtaining approval of the Prospectus from the
Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority (the “RFSA”) and/or the admission to trading on an EU
Regulated Market/alternative trading system in Romania nor has any notification under Article 25
of the EU Prospectus Regulation been made to the RFSA) for the purposes of any Notes to qualify
as securities, as defined in Law no. 24/2017 on issuers of financial instruments and market
operations (the “Romanian Capital Markets Laws”) or to be admitted to trading on a market in
Romania, within the meaning of the Romanian Capital Markets Laws and relevant secondary
legislation (e.g. RFSA Regulation no. 5/2018 on issuers of financial instruments and market
operations, as subsequently amended by the RFSA Regulation no. 1/2020).
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that:
(i)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Romania
through a public offering and has not provided and will not provide any communication to a

--- Page 84 ---
84
broader circle of persons containing information on the securities being offered and the terms
under which they may acquire the securities and which are sufficient for the Investor to make
a decision or to subscribe for, or purchase, such securities;
(ii)
it has not communicated or caused to be communicated and will not communicate or cause
to be communicated any invitation, any inducement to engage in investment activity or any
other type of advertising materials (within the meaning of the Romanian Capital Markets Laws
and the EU Prospectus Regulation) received or issued by it in connection with the issue or
sale of any Notes;
(iii)
it will not take any action which would result in the Notes being deemed to have been issued
in Romania, or the issue of the Notes being classed as “taking deposits and other repayable
funds from the public” by the Issuer in Romania under the Romanian Government Emergency
Ordinance No. 99/2006, as amended (the “Romanian Banking Law”), or requiring a permit,
registration, filing or notification to the RFSA, the National Bank of Romania (“NBR”) or other
authorities in Romania in respect of the Notes in accordance with the Romanian Capital
Markets Laws, the Romanian Banking Law or the practice of the RFSA and/or the NBR; and
(iv)
it has complied, and will comply, with all the laws of Romania, including applicable provisions
of the Romanian Capital Markets Laws and the Romanian Banking Law and with all relevant
regulations issued by the RFSA and the NBR and European Union legislation with respect to
anything done by it in relation to the Notes (including any further resale of the Notes) in, from
or otherwise involving Romania.
Mexico
The Notes have not been and will not be registered in the Mexican National Registry of Securities
(Registro Nacional de Valores). Therefore, the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United
Mexican States (“Mexico”) by any means, or otherwise be the subject of brokerage activities
(Intermediación) in Mexico, except in circumstances which constitute a private offering (oferta
privada) pursuant to Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores).
The Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) has
not issued any certificate as to the investment quality of the Notes or solvency, liquidity or credit
quality of the Issuer. All applicable provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law must be
complied with in respect of anything done in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving
Mexico.
Jersey
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that there has not been, and there will not be, any circulation
in Jersey of any offer for subscription, sale or exchange of any Notes unless such offer is circulated
in Jersey by a person or persons authorised to conduct investment business under the Financial
Services (Jersey) Law 1998, as amended and (a) such offer does not for the purposes of Article 8
of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, constitute an offer to the public; or
(b) an identical offer is for the time being circulated in the United Kingdom without contravening the
FSMA and is, mutatis mutandis, circulated in Jersey only to persons similar to those to whom, and
in a manner similar to that in which, it is for the time being circulated in the United Kingdom.
Isle of Man
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that this Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered
or filed as a prospectus with any governmental or other authority in the Isle of Man, and this
Prospectus and the issue of Notes have not been approved by the Isle of Man Financial Services
Authority. Any offer for subscription, sale or exchange of the Notes within the Isle of Man shall be
made by (i) an Isle of Man financial services licenceholder licensed under Section 7 of the Financial
Services Act 2008 to do so or (ii) in accordance with any relevant exclusion contained within the
Regulated Activities Order 2011 (as amended) or exemption contained in the Financial Services
(Exemptions) Regulations 2011 (as amended).

--- Page 85 ---
85
Guernsey
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
the Notes issued under the Programme cannot be marketed, offered or sold in or to persons
resident in Guernsey other than in compliance with the licensing requirements of the
Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1987, as amended, and the regulations
enacted thereunder, or any exemption therefrom;
(b)
this Prospectus has not been approved or authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services
Commission for circulation; and
(c)
this Prospectus may not be distributed or circulated, directly or indirectly, to any persons in
the Bailiwick of Guernsey other than:
(i)
by a person licensed to do so under the terms of the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick
of Guernsey) Law, 1987, as amended; or
(ii)
by a person that is not a Bailiwick of Guernsey body or an individual ordinarily resident
in the Bailiwick of Guernsey and that person:
I.
carries on that activity in or from within the Bailiwick of Guernsey in a manner in
which it is permitted to carry it on in or from within, and under the law of, a
designated country or territory which, in the opinion of the States of Guernsey
Policy and Resources Committee, affords in relation to activities of that
description adequate protection to investors (“Designated Territory”);
II.
has its main place of business in that Designated Territory and does not carry on
any restricted activity from a permanent place of business in the Bailiwick of
Guernsey;
III.
is recognised as a national of that Designated Territory by its law (and has
provided evidence of the same); and
IV.
has given prior written notice to the Guernsey Financial Services Commission of
the date from which it intends to carry on that activity in or from within Guernsey
(by completion of a “Form EX” and submission of the requisite documentation)
and complied with certain requirements applicable to an applicant for a licence
and the Commission has issued confirmation of the exemption;
(iii)
to those persons regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as
licensees under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1987, the
Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1994, the Insurance Business
(Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002, the Insurance Managers and Insurance
Intermediaries (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002 or the Regulation of Fiduciaries,
Administration Business and Company Directors etc. (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2000
and the person carrying on such activity satisfies items (c)(ii)(I) to (III) above and has
given written notice to the Commission of the date from which it intends to carry out the
promotional activity; or
(iv)
as otherwise permitted by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission.
The Kingdom of Sweden
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor
admitted to trading on an EU Regulated Market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in
relation to those Notes has been approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and such competent authority has certified to the
competent authority in Sweden that the prospectus has been approved as a prospectus under the
EU Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is
available under the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 86 ---
86
Switzerland
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme
will be required to represent and agree, that this Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or
solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described herein. The Notes may not be publicly
offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly through on-selling, in, into or from Switzerland and
will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or regulated trading facility
in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the
Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to article 1156 in connection
with article 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations or a listing prospectus within the meaning of the
listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other regulated trading facility in Switzerland, and
neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as
“Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an
offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within
the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a
“Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will
not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents
in relation to the Instruments, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this
Prospectus.
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a
public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other
offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is
required.
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws,
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes
or has in its possession or distributes the Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms
in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 87 ---
87
TAXATION
The tax law of a Noteholder’s place of residence or nationality and United Kingdom tax law may have
an impact on the income received from the Notes. The comments below are of a general nature
based on United Kingdom tax law as applied in England and Wales and HMRC practice (which
practice may not be binding on HMRC) at the date hereof. They are not intended to be exhaustive.
They assume that there will be no substitution of the Issuer and do not address the consequences
of any substitution (notwithstanding that such substitution may be permitted by the terms and
conditions of the Notes). The comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute
beneficial owners of Notes. Prospective Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of
any Series of Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, may affect the tax treatment of that
and other Series of Notes. Any Noteholders who are in doubt as to their own tax position (in
particular those who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom) should
consult their professional advisers. The references below to “interest” mean interest for United
Kingdom tax purposes (which may include any premium paid on a redemption of the Notes).
Interest on the Notes
The Notes issued will constitute “quoted Eurobonds” under Section 987 of the Income Tax Act 2007
(the “Act”) provided they carry a right to interest and are and continue to be listed on a recognised
stock exchange, within the meaning of Section 1005 of the Act, or admitted to trading on a
“multilateral trading facility” operated by an appropriately-regulated recognised stock exchange
(within the meaning of Section 987 of the Act). Each of the London Stock Exchange and Euronext
Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. Securities will be treated as listed on the
London Stock Exchange if they are included in the official list of the Financial Conduct Authority
and are admitted to trading on the LSE Main Market. Securities will be treated as listed on Euronext
Dublin if they are admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Euronext Dublin
Regulated Market.
Whilst the Notes are and continue to be quoted Eurobonds, payments of interest by the Issuer on
the Notes may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom
income tax.
Interest payable on the Notes may also be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account
of United Kingdom income tax where the Notes have a maturity date less than one year from their
date of issue, provided that the Notes are not issued with the intention that, or under arrangements
the effect of which is that, such Notes form part of a borrowing with a total term of a year or more.
In all other cases, interest will generally be paid by the Issuer under deduction of United Kingdom
income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%), subject to the availability of other reliefs or to any
direction to the contrary from HMRC in respect of such relief as may be available pursuant to the
provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty.
HMRC have powers to obtain information, including in relation to interest or payments treated as
interest and payments derived from securities. This may include details of the beneficial owners of
the Notes (or the persons for whom the Notes are held), details of the persons to whom payments
derived from the Notes are or may be paid and information in connection with transactions relating
to the Notes. Information obtained by HMRC may be provided to tax authorities in other countries.
Payments by a Guarantor
If a Guarantor makes any payments under the Guarantee in respect of the Notes, such payments
may be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20%), subject to such
relief as may be available under the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty or other
exemption which may apply. Such payments by a Guarantor may not be eligible for the exemption
(in respect of quoted Eurobonds) from United Kingdom withholding tax described above.
Gross-up for withholding tax
As set out in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if the Issuer or a Guarantor is
at any time required by law to deduct or withhold an amount in respect of any withholding taxes in
respect of payments under the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable), the Issuer or that Guarantor
V.4.14 CAT A

--- Page 88 ---
88
(as applicable) must, subject to certain exclusions, pay such additional amounts as shall result in
the receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received
by them had no such deductions or withholding been required.
Foreign account tax compliance withholding.
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related
requirements. The Issuer (or, as the case may be, any Guarantor or other non-US financial institution
through which payments on the Notes are made) may be a foreign financial institution for these
purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of the Issuer and the Guarantors)
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies to their
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in
an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining passthru payments are published
in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which the final regulations defining “foreign
passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for
the purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason
of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under the “Terms and
Conditions – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Noteholders should consult their
own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event
any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 89 ---
89
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION
Information on the relevant terms and conditions of an offer is to be provided at the time
of that offer by an Authorised and cannot therefore be included in this Prospectus.
If, in the context of a UK Public Offer (as defined below), you are offered Notes by any entity, you
should check that the entity is authorised to use this Prospectus for the purposes of making such
offer before agreeing to purchase any Notes. To be authorised to use this Prospectus in
connection with a UK Public Offer (referred to below as an “Authorised Offeror”), an entity must
either be:
•
a Dealer specified in the relevant Final Terms, or an entity named as an initial “Authorised
Offeror” in the relevant Final Terms; or
•
named on the Issuer’s website as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant UK Public
Offer (if the entity has been appointed after the relevant Final Terms were published); or
•
if the basis of consent in the relevant Final Terms is specified as, or includes “General
Consent”, authorised to make such offers under UK MiFIR (as defined below) and have
published on its website that it is using this Prospectus for the purposes of such UK Public
Offer in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantors.
Valid offers of Notes may only be made by an Authorised Offeror in the context of a UK Public
Offer if the offer is made in the United Kingdom and within the time period referred to in the Final
Terms as the “Offer Period”. Other than as set out above (and as described in greater detail
below), none of the Issuer, the Guarantors and any Dealer has authorised the making of any UK
Public Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this
Prospectus in connection with any offer of Notes.
Please see below for certain important legal information relating to UK Public Offers.
Only financial intermediaries that have been authorised by the Issuer may offer Notes to Investors.
The Issuer authorises financial intermediaries to offer Notes to Investors by consenting to their use
of this Prospectus. This section sets out information relating to that consent, including conditions
attached to it. In order to ensure that you can rely on this Prospectus, you should read this section
carefully and consider checking that the financial intermediary has been authorised by the Issuer to
offer Notes. See “How do I check whether the person offering me the Notes has been given the
Issuer’s consent to do so?” in the section entitled “Information about the Programme”.
This Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus
Regulation (in this context meaning an offer of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or
its equivalent in any other currency)) (“UK Public Offers”) in the United Kingdom. Any person
making or intending to make a UK Public Offer of the Notes on the basis of this Prospectus must
do so only with the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantors – see “Consent given in accordance
with Article 5(1) of the UK Prospectus Regulation” below.
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the UK Prospectus Regulation
In the context of any UK Public Offer of the Notes, the Issuer and each Guarantor accepts
responsibility, in the United Kingdom, for the content of this Prospectus (as supplemented at the
relevant time, if applicable) and the relevant Final Terms under Section 90 of the FSMA in relation
to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases any Notes in a UK Public Offer made by an Authorised
Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made in compliance with all the conditions attached
to the giving of consent to the Authorised Offeror. Such consent is described below under “Consent”.
Except in the circumstances described below, none of the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Dealer has
authorised the making of any UK Public Offer by any offeror and neither the Issuer nor any
Guarantor has consented to the use of this Prospectus or any Final Terms by any other person in
connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the
XXX.IV CAT A
IV.1.1
V.1.1 CAT A
XIII.1.1 CAT A
XXX.IV CAT A

--- Page 90 ---
90
Issuer and the Guarantors is unauthorised and neither the Issuer, the Guarantors nor, for the
avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer
or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.
If, in the context of a UK Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for
this Prospectus for the purposes of Section 90 of the FSMA in the context of the relevant UK Public
Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this
Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice.
Consent
Where consent to use of the Prospectus is being given, the Final Terms for the relevant Notes will
specify either “Specific Consent” or “General Consent”. The different requirements for each type
of consent are set out below. Whichever one is used, Investors should remember that the consent
only applies to that particular Tranche of Notes to which it relates, is only valid during the Offer
Period (which must occur within 12 months after the date of this Prospectus), and is subject to any
additional conditions set out in Part B of the relevant Final Terms.
Subject to the conditions set out below:
(A)
if the basis of consent is specified as being “Specific Consent” in the relevant Final Terms,
the Issuer and the Guarantors consent to the use of this Prospectus (as supplemented at the
relevant time, if applicable) and the relevant Final Terms in connection with any UK Public
Offer of a Tranche of Notes in the United Kingdom by:
(i)
the Dealer(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
any financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(iii)
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms
and whose name is published on the website of the Issuer (www.ipfin.co.uk) and
identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant UK Public Offer in respect
of, and at the time such financial intermediary makes, the relevant UK Public Offer; and
(B)
if the basis of consent is specified as being “General Consent” in the relevant Final Terms,
the Issuer and the Guarantors offer to grant their consent to the use of this Prospectus (as
supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) and the relevant Final Terms, in connection
with any UK Public Offer of a Tranche of Notes in the United Kingdom during the Offer Period
specified in the relevant Final Terms by: (i) the relevant Dealer(s) and (ii) any financial
intermediary which satisfies the Authorised Offeror Terms as set out below. The “Authorised
Offeror Terms” are that the relevant financial intermediary represents and agrees throughout
the relevant Offer Period that it:
(i)
is authorised to make such offers under Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, including under any applicable implementing
measure (“UK MiFIR”) (in which regard, Investors should consult the register of
authorised entities maintained by the FCA at https://register.fca.org.uk) (UK MiFIR
governs the organisation and conduct of the business of investment firms and the
operation of regulated markets within the United Kingdom in order to promote market
transparency and the protection of investors);
(ii)
acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any
applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”), including the Rules published by the FCA
(including, but not limited to, its guidance for distributors in “The Responsibilities of
Providers and Distributors for the Fair Treatment of Customers” and its source book
for “Product Intervention and Product Governance”) from time to time including, without
limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the target markets for the Notes and
the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by an Investor and
disclosure to any potential Investor;
(iii)
complies with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Prospectus
which would apply as if it were a Dealer;
XXX2B.1 CAT A
XXX.1.1 CAT A
XXX.1.3 CAT C
XXX.1.5 CAT C
XXX.2A.2 CAT A
XXX.IV CAT A
XXX.1.1 CAT A
XXX.1.2 CAT A
XXX.1.3 CAT C
XXX.2A.1 CAT C

--- Page 91 ---
91
(iv)
acknowledges the target market and distribution channels identified under the “UK
MiFIR Product Governance Legend” set out in the applicable Final Terms;
(v)
ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, rebate received or paid by that
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the
Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors;
(vi)
holds all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with
solicitations of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules, including
authorisation under the FSMA and/or the Financial Services Act 2012;
(vii)
complies with, and takes appropriate steps in relation to, applicable anti-money
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules, and does not
permit any application for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has
any suspicions as to the source of the application monies;
(viii)
retains Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under the
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules,
make such records available to the Dealers, the Issuer and/or any Guarantor or directly
to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or
the Dealers in order to enable the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or the Dealers to comply
with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules
applying to the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or the Dealers;
(ix)
does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer to breach
any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Dealers to any requirement to
obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction;
(x)
agrees and undertakes to indemnify the Issuer, the Guarantors and each Dealer (in
each case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employers,
agents, affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims,
charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation
and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with
any such investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made
against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of
any of the foregoing agreements, representations or undertakings by such financial
intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial
intermediary or failure by such intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or
requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised
representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been
authorised for such purposes by the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Dealers;
(xi)
agrees that it will immediately give notice to the Issuer, the Guarantors and the relevant
Dealers if at any time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of
any Rules or the terms of these Authorised Offeror Terms, will take all appropriate steps
to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules and these Authorised Offeror
Terms in all respects;
(xii)
agrees that it will not give any information other than that contained in this Prospectus
(as may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors from time
to time) as completed by the relevant Final Terms or make any representation in
connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes;
(xiii)
agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any
announcement published by the Issuer or any Guarantor via Regulatory News Service
at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with the Prospectus as completed by
the relevant Final Terms, and (in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and
in compliance with the Rules and must state that such Authorised Offeror has provided
it independently from the Issuer and the Guarantors and must expressly confirm that
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors have accepted any responsibility for the content
of any such communication;

--- Page 92 ---
92
(xiv)
does not use the legal or publicity names of any Dealer, the Issuer, any Guarantor or
any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective groups or
any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any
statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the
Notes;
(xv)
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sells the Notes at the Issue
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant
Dealer); (ii) only sells the Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the
applicable Final Terms; (iii) does not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise
agreed with the relevant Dealer); (iv) does not pay any fee or remuneration or
commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the
Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) complies with such
other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant
Dealer;
(xvi)
either (i) obtains from each potential Investor an executed application for the Notes, or
(ii) keeps a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) makes for its
discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives
from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Notes on
their behalf, and in each case maintains the same on its files for so long as is required
by any applicable Rules; and
(xvii) agrees and accepts that:
(a)
the contract between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the financial intermediary
formed upon acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s and
Guarantors’ offer to use this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms with its
consent in connection with the relevant UK Public Offer (the “Authorised Offeror
Contract”) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection
with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, English law;
(b)
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes
which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) and accordingly submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England; and
(c)
each of the Dealers will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act
1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract
between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the financial intermediary, formed upon
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ offer
to use this Prospectus and relevant Final Terms with its consent in connection
with the relevant UK Public Offer, which are, or are expressed to be, for their
benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and
indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror
Terms,
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (A)(ii), (A)(iii) and (B) above are together
referred to herein as the “Authorised Offerors”.
Any financial intermediary falling within paragraph (B) above who wishes to use this Prospectus in
connection with a UK Public Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer
Period, to publish on its website that it is using this Prospectus for such UK Public Offer in
accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantors and the conditions attached thereto
in the following form (with the information in square brackets duly completed with the relevant
information) (the “Acceptance Statement”):
“We, [specify legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of the relevant
Notes] (the “Notes”) described in the Prospectus dated [l] 2021 [,as supplemented,] and the Final
Terms dated [specify date] (together, the “Prospectus”) published by International Personal Finance

--- Page 93 ---
93
plc (the “Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer and the Guarantors offering to grant their consent
to our use of the Prospectus in connection with the offer of the Notes (the “UK Public Offer”) in the
United Kingdom during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and
subject to the other conditions to such consent (as specified in the Prospectus), we accept such offer
by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under UK MiFIR to make, and are using the
Prospectus in connection with, the UK Public Offer accordingly. Terms used herein and otherwise
not defined shall have the same meaning as is given to such terms in the Prospectus.”
ANY UNNAMED AUTHORISED OFFEROR MUST STATE ON ITS WEBSITE THAT IT IS USING
THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS CONSENT AND THE CONDITIONS
ATTACHED HERETO.
Arrangements between the Investor and the financial intermediaries who will distribute the Notes
under the Programme
None of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any
Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation
to such offer or sale.
If an Investor intends to acquire or does acquire any Notes from an Authorised Offeror, an
Investor will do so, and offers and sales of the Notes to that Investor by such an Authorised
Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between
such Authorised Offeror and Investor including as to price, allocations and settlement
arrangements. Neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor will be a party to any such arrangements
with an Investor in connection with the offer or sale of any Notes and, accordingly, this
Prospectus does not contain such information. The information relating to the procedure
for making applications will be provided by the relevant Authorised Offeror to an Investor at
the relevant time. None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or other Authorised Offeror
has any responsibility or liability for such information.
Notice to potential Investors
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all Investors.
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its
own circumstances. In particular, each potential Investor should consider, on its own or with the
help of its financial or other professional advisers, whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained
or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement or the relevant
Final Terms;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential Investor’s
currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of
any relevant indices and financial markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear
the applicable risks.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by
Investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential Investor should not invest in Notes which are
XXX.2B.1
CAT A

--- Page 94 ---
94
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on
the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential Investor’s overall
investment portfolio.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than
those contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the
Issuer, the Guarantors, any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or
the Guarantors since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently
amended or supplemented or that there has been no change in the financial position of the Issuer
or the Guarantors since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different,
the date indicated in the document containing the same.
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of any
Notes should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any Guarantor, any Dealer or the
Trustee that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the
offering of the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and any purchase
of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary.
The Dealers, the Arranger and the Trustee
None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee accepts any responsibility for the contents of this
Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger, the Trustee
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantors or the issue and offering
of the Notes. The Arranger, the Trustee and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise
have in respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Prospectus nor any other
financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Arranger, the
Trustee or the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial statements should
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of
the information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers, the Trustee or the Arranger undertakes
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantors during the life of the
arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any Investor or potential Investor in
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers, the Trustee or the
Arranger.
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, the
Guarantors and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme,
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, on behalf of investor clients or as principal in
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk or other trading activities. In addition, in
the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or
instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge
their credit exposures to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could

--- Page 95 ---
95
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
No incorporation of websites
The contents of the websites of the Group do not form part of this Prospectus, and an Investor
should not rely on them.
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws
and rules.
Forward-looking statements
This Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, ‘forward-looking
statements’. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
expressions, including the terms ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘anticipates’, ‘expects’, ‘intends’, ‘may’, ‘will’,
or ‘should’ or, in each case, their negative or other variations or similar expressions, or by
discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking
statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places
throughout this Prospectus and include, but are not limited to, the following: statements regarding
the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Group
concerning, amongst other things, the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, liquidity,
prospects, growth, strategies and the industries in which the Group operates.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future
events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and the actual results of the Group’s operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the
development of the countries and the industries in which the Group operates may differ materially
from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this
Prospectus. In addition, even if the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the
Group, and the development of the countries and the industries in which the Group operates, are
consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus, those results or
developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. These and
other factors are discussed in more detail under the section headed “Risk Factors”. Many of these
factors are beyond the control of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Group. Should one or more of
these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions on which the forward-
looking statements are based prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those
described in this Prospectus as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Except to the extent
required by laws and regulations, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not intend, and do not assume
any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements set out in this Prospectus.
This Prospectus is based on English law in effect as of the date of issue of this Prospectus. Except
to the extent required by laws and regulations, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not intend, and do
not assume any obligation, to update this Prospectus in light of the impact of any judicial decision
or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
96
CREST depository interests
In certain circumstances, Investors may also hold interests in the Notes through CREST through the
issue of CDIs representing interests in Underlying Notes. CDIs are independent securities
constituted under English law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST
Depository Limited pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified,
supplemented and/or restated). Neither the Notes nor any rights attached to the Notes will be issued,
settled, held or transferred within the CREST system other than through the issue, settlement,
holding or transfer of CDIs. CDI Holders will not be entitled to deal directly in the Notes and,
accordingly, all dealings in relation to the Notes will be effected through CREST through the holding
of CDIs. An Investor should note that the CDIs are the result of the CREST settlement mechanics
and are not the subject of this Prospectus.

--- Page 97 ---
97
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with
the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form
(if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of
these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii)
these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to
such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on
the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are
to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Prospectus are issued subject
to the provisions herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Prospectus.
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant
Final Terms in relation to such Series.
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue
of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated on or around 26 August 2021 between
International Personal Finance plc (the “Issuer”), IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited (as
“Guarantors”) and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”, which expression
shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee
for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) include
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form
of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Agency Agreement (as
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 12 April 2019 has
been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee, HSBC
Bank plc as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying
agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the
“Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”,
the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation
Agent(s)”.
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available to view on the Group’s website
at www.ipfin.co.uk.
The Noteholders and the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing
Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons
(the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those
provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement.
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects.
1.
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered
Notes”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon, provided that, in the
case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or offered to the public in the United
Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the UK
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €1,000 (or its
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination.
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes, depending
upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.
XIII.4.2(i) CAT B
V.4.1(i) CAT B
V.4.3(i) CAT A
XIII.4.4(i) CAT A
V.4.10 CAT B
XIII.4.11 CAT B
XIII.4.7 CAT B
V.4.6 CAT B

--- Page 98 ---
98
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate,
a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these
Conditions are not applicable.
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as
provided in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered
Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the
Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be
kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the
“Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the
holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be
liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a
Notes Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person
in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms
have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that
such term is not applicable to the Notes.
2.
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes.
Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes
of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered
Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred
upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the
Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form
of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the
same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless
otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence
as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of
part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new
Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a
further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be
issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made
subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior
written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will
be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the
case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option in respect of, or a partial
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in
respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of
an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms,
separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of
Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new
Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of
the Certificate representing the existing holding.

--- Page 99 ---
99
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions
2(b) or (c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the
form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 6(e)) and surrender of the
Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified
office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery
or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been
made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and
as specified in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in
advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means
a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the
place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case
may be).
(e)
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer,
exercise of an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on
behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax
or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of
such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require).
(f)
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be
registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that
Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called
for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d) or 6(g), (iii) after any
such Note has been called or put for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days
ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)(ii)).
3.
Guarantees and status of Notes
(a)
Guarantee: The Guarantors have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, on a
joint and several basis, the due payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the
Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Notes and Coupons. Their obligations in that respect
(the “Guarantee”) are contained in the Trust Deed.
(b)
Status: The Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4)
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without
any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the
Notes and the Coupons relating to them and of the Guarantors under the Guarantee
shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject
to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer and the
Guarantors respectively, present and future.
4.
Covenants
(a)
Negative Pledge: So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the
Trust Deed), the Issuer and the Guarantors will not, and will procure, so far as they can
by the proper exercise of voting and other rights or powers of control exercisable by
them in relation to their respective Subsidiaries, that no such Subsidiary will, create or
permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than
any arising by operation of law) (a “Security Interest”) upon the whole or any part of
their respective undertakings or assets (present or future) to secure any Relevant
Indebtedness (as defined below) or to secure any guarantee or indemnity given by the
Issuer or any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries in respect of any
Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time as, or prior to, the creation of such
Security Interest according to the Notes and the Coupons, to the satisfaction of the
Trustee, the same security or such other arrangement (whether or not it includes the
creation of a Security Interest) as the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not
materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary
XIII.4.6 CAT A
V.4.5 CAT A
VI.1
VI.2
VI.3

--- Page 100 ---
100
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders save that the Issuer or any
Subsidiary may create or have outstanding (without any obligation to secure the Notes
or Coupons) a Permitted Security Interest.
In this Condition 4(a):
“Group” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10;
“Permitted Security Interest” means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets
of a company acquired by a member of the Group after the Issue Date, provided that
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the
principal amount secured by such Security Interest is not subsequently increased (or
any Security Interest renewing or replacing the same);
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of, or represented or
evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities and which is for
the time being, or is capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock
exchange or over the counter or other recognised securities market, and (ii) any
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; and
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.
(b)
Maintenance of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Payable Ratio: So
long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not permit the ratio of
Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Payable, as each is determined;
i.
on a Rolling Twelve Month basis ending as of 31 December 2021, to be less than
1.75 to 1.0; and
ii.
on a Rolling Twelve Month basis ending as of each Year-End Date and each
Semi-Annual Date falling after 31 December 2021, to be less than 2.0 to 1.0.
(c)
Maintenance of Consolidated Total Borrowings to Consolidated Net Worth Ratio:
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not permit the ratio of
Consolidated Total Borrowings to Consolidated Net Worth to be greater than 3.75 to 1.0
as of each Year-End Date and Semi-Annual Date.
(d)
Information: The Issuer has agreed in the Trust Deed, so long as any of the Notes
remains outstanding:
(i)
Financial statements
to supply to the Trustee, as soon as available, but in any event not later than:
A.
120 days after each Year-End Date, a copy of its annual report containing
its audited consolidated and unconsolidated, as applicable, financial
statements for that financial year; and
B.
90 days after each Semi-Annual Date, a copy of its unaudited consolidated
interim semi-annual financial statements for that financial half-year;
(ii)
Compliance certificate
A.
to supply to the Trustee, with each set of financial statements delivered
pursuant to Condition 4(d)(i), a compliance certificate setting out (in
reasonable detail) computations as to compliance with Conditions 4(b) and
(c) above as at the date as at which those financial statements were drawn
up; and
B.
that each compliance certificate shall be signed on behalf of the Issuer (but
without personal liability) by two directors or a director and the secretary of
the Issuer.

--- Page 101 ---
101
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such compliance certificates or any
certificate delivered under Condition 4(d)(iii) without further investigation or liability
and will not otherwise be responsible for monitoring compliance with Conditions
4(b) and 4(c);
(iii)
Requirements as to financial statements
that it shall procure that each set of consolidated financial statements of the Issuer
delivered pursuant to Condition 4(d)(i) is prepared using IFRS unless, in relation
to any set of financial statements, it gives notice to the Trustee and to the
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 that there has been a change in
generally accepted accounting principles in the United Kingdom and it delivers to
the Trustee:
A.
a description of any change necessary for those financial statements to
reflect IFRS; and
B.
a certificate signed by two directors or a director and a secretary of the
Issuer setting out (in reasonable detail) the relevant computations and
certifying that Conditions 4(b) to (d) have been complied with; and
(iv)
Information: miscellaneous
to supply to the Trustee a copy of all documents dispatched by the Issuer to its
shareholders (or any class of them) or its creditors generally at the same time as
they are dispatched.
In these Conditions 4(b) to (d):
“Consolidated EBITDA” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10;
“Consolidated Interest Payable” means, in respect of any period, the aggregate of all
amounts of interest and equivalent financial expenses of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries
payable to persons who are not the Issuer or such a Subsidiary (calculated on a
consolidated basis but after deducting any interest receivable from persons who are
not the Issuer or such a Subsidiary) attributable to such period and shall:
(a)
include without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts of such
interest and expenses which may have accrued in any such period and which
are payable in a later period but are attributable to such period, as determined in
accordance with IFRS; and
(b)
include any discount, fees and any element attributable to interest comprised in
payments to lessors under Leases or to owners under hire-purchase agreements
as determined under IFRS
In calculating Consolidated Interest Payable for any period, due account shall be taken
of (and a consequential adjustment, whether positive or negative, shall be made to
reflect) the net benefit or loss (as the case may be) to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries
for or in respect of any payments accruing to or from them in such period pursuant to
any settlements due on interest rate swaps, hedging or analogous contracts for the
mitigation of interest rate fluctuations or movements which they have entered into with
third parties in respect of Moneys Borrowed but any item of income or expense that is
material (either individually or in aggregate) and either of an unusual or a non-recurring
nature shall be excluded, in each case, as determined in accordance with IFRS;
“Consolidated Net Worth” means, at any time, as determined in accordance with
IFRS, the aggregate of:
(i)
the amount paid up or credited as paid up on the issued share capital of the
Issuer; and
(ii)
the amount standing to the credit of the consolidated capital, revenue and other
reserves of the Group (including, without limitation, share premium and retained
earnings),

--- Page 102 ---
102
but after:
(a)
deducting all amounts attributable to minority interests;
(b)
excluding any amounts derived from writing up the book value of any fixed assets
to the extent otherwise included in paragraph (ii) above (save for amounts arising
from a formal revaluation carried out by an independent and duly qualified valuer);
(c)
excluding the effect under IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 of the fair valuation of derivative
assets and liabilities;
(d)
excluding any defined benefit (or similar) pension scheme surplus or deficit and
any other items relating to any defined benefit (or similar) pension scheme to the
extent otherwise included in paragraph (ii) above; and
(e)
making any such adjustments as may be necessary to measure Moneys
Borrowed in accordance with paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition of
Consolidated Total Borrowings;
“Consolidated Total Borrowings” means, at any time, the aggregate of the amount
of Moneys Borrowed of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries determined on a consistent basis
(and determined in accordance with IFRS) and eliminating inter-company items and
(to the extent not otherwise required by IFRS) items arising under netting arrangements
which are subject to contractual rights of set-off.
For the purposes of this definition:
(i)
Moneys Borrowed shall be measured at their principal amount and not their
amortised amount (whether or not such Moneys Borrowed are the subject of a fair
value hedge in accordance with IFRS 9); and
(ii)
where Moneys Borrowed are denominated in a currency other than sterling and
are matched by a cross-currency swap which contains a contracted exchange
rate to sterling, such Moneys Borrowed will be translated at the rate of exchange
provided in the relevant cross-currency swap contract and not at the closing rate;
“Gross Tangible Assets” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10;
“Group” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10;
“IFRS” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10;
“IFRS 7” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10;
“IFRS 9” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10;
“Moneys Borrowed” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10;
“Rolling Twelve Months” means a period of twelve consecutive calendar months
treated as a single accounting period;
“Semi-Annual Date” means the last day of the first six-month period of each financial
year of the Issuer;
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; and
“Year-End Date” means the last day of each financial year of the Issuer.
5.
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be
determined in accordance with Condition 5(h).
V.4.7(ii) CAT B
V.4.7(i) CAT C
XIII.4.8(ii) CAT B
XIII.4.8(i) CAT C

--- Page 103 ---
103
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). Such
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon,
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months
or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest
Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the
Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y)
the subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next
day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention,
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately
preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is
specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined,
the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual
Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions
below relating to Screen Rate Determination.
(1) Screen Rate Determination (Term Rate) – If Screen Rate Determination –
Applicable (Term Rate) is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of
Interest is to be determined:
(x)
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided
below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as
at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), in the case of EURIBOR, or the
Relevant Time specified hereon in the Relevant Financial Centre specified
hereon, in the case of a Reference Rate other than EURIBOR, on the
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
V.4.7(viii) CAT B
XIII.4.8(viii)
CAT B
V.4.7(viI) CAT C
XIII.4.8(vii)
CAT C
V4.7(viii) CAT B
XIII.4.8(viii)
CAT B

--- Page 104 ---
104
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1)
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page
or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall
request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office
of each of the Reference Banks, or if the Reference Rate is other than
EURIBOR, the principal Relevant Financial Centre’s office of each of the
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, if the
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time)
or, if the Reference Rate is other than EURIBOR, at approximately the
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation
Agent; and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or
more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference
Rate is other than EURIBOR, at approximately the Relevant Time on the
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate
by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, or if the Reference Rate is other than EURIBOR, the Relevant
Financial Centre’s inter-bank market as the case may be, or, if fewer than
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference
Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is other than EURIBOR,
at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion
of the Trustee and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is
other than EURIBOR, the Relevant Financial Centre’s inter-bank market as
the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(2) Screen Rate Determination (Overnight Rate) – If Screen Rate Determination
– Applicable (Overnight Rate) is specified hereon as the manner in which the
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual
Period will be the rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment, as
V.4.7 (xi) CAT B
V.4.7 (x)
CAT B
XIII.4.8 (x)
CAT B
XIII.4.8 (ix)
CAT B
V.4.7 (xi)
CAT B
V.4.7 (x)
CAT B
XIII.4.8 (ix)
CAT B
XIII.4.8 (x)
CAT B

--- Page 105 ---
105
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date as follows,
with the resulting percentage rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place (with
0.000005 being rounded upwards):
where for the purposes of this Condition 5(iii)(2):
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual
Period;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day (other than a Saturday or
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for
general business and to settle payments in London;
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from
and including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following
London Banking Day;
“Observation Look-back” means the number of days specified as such hereon;
“p” means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-back specified in the applicable
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Banking Days);
“SONIA” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal
to the daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day
immediately following such London Banking Day), provided that:
(x)
if in respect of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent
determines that the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant
Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant
authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate shall be: (i) the Bank of
England’s bank rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on
the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which
a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread,
one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate;
(y)
notwithstanding paragraph (x) above, in the event the Bank of England
publishes guidance as to: (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be
determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the
Rate of Interest, as specified hereon) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for so long
as the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page
and has not otherwise been published by the authorised distributors; and
(z)
in the event that SONIA cannot be determined in accordance with the
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at
the last preceding Interest Determination Date; or (ii) if there is no such
∏
[
d0
i=1 (
) ]
1+SONIAi-pLBD x ni
-1
365
365
d
x

--- Page 106 ---
106
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which
would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the
Interest Commencement Date; and
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Business Day falling in the
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London
Business Day falling “p” London Business Days prior to the relevant London
Business Day “i”.
(c)
Benchmark Discontinuation
(i)
Independent Adviser
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof)
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser,
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate or, failing
which, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)), and, in either
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance
with Condition 5(c)(iv)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser
appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) shall act in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or
fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the
Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(c).
If (x) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (y) the
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or,
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(i) prior to
the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding
Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the
Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the
relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest
Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent
Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(c)(i).
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)).

--- Page 107 ---
107
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative
Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) will
apply without an Adjustment Spread.
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c) and the
Independent Adviser determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions, the
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the
applicable
Adjustment
Spread
(such
amendments,
the
“Benchmark
Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(v),
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or
Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the
date specified in such notice.
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate
signed by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(c)(v), the Trustee
shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or
approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the
Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed or the Agency
Agreement) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any consequences
thereof, notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c) to the contrary, the
Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions
afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed or Agency
Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed
or supplemental agency agreement) in any way.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv),
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(v)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and the specific
terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(c) will
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders. Such
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark
Amendments, if any.
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the
Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer:
(a)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any),
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this
Condition 5(c); and
(b)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 108 ---
108
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified
in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer,
the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(i), (ii), (iii)
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in
Condition 5(b)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until the Issuer determines a
Benchmark Event has occurred.
(vii)
Definitions:
As used in this Condition 5(c):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive,
negative or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in
each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(A)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by
any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been
made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);
(B)
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied)
(C)
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may
be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii) is
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof)
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iv).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(1)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or
(2)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that
it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the
Original Reference Rate); or
(3)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 109 ---
109
(4)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate
will be prohibited from being used either generally or in respect of the
Notes; or
(5)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the
Issuer or the Trustee to calculate any payments due to be made to any
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,
provided that, in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), (3) and (4), the Benchmark
Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original
Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate or the
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not
the date of the relevant public statement.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and
promptly notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying
Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination.
“Independent
Adviser”
means
an
independent
financial
institution
of
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(i).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component
part thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate
(as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen
rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d)
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating
Body.
(d)
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount
due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of
such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of
such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)).
(e)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused,
in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the
Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as
defined in Condition 8).

--- Page 110 ---
110
(f)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and
Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of
Interest in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual
Periods in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such
maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions
(unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a
percentage point (with 0.0000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that, if the eighth
significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded
up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the
nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case
of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender
in the country of such currency.
(g)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of
any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of
Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such
Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable
per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual
Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated,
the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period
for which interest is required to be calculated.
(h)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest
Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such
exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the
case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii)
in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition

--- Page 111 ---
111
5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the
consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension
or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under
Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the
Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with
this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so
calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of
any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(i)
Determination or Calculation by Trustee: If the Calculation Agent does not at any
time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual
Period or any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount
or Optional Redemption Amount, the Trustee may (but shall not be obligated to) do so
(or appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination or calculation shall
be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the Trustee shall
apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any necessary consequential
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects it
shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances.
The Trustee shall not be liable for any delay in so doing or any loss arising as a result
thereof.
(j)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below:
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday)
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in
the principal financial centre for such currency; and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a
“TARGET Business Day”); and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange
markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual
Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a
non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the
Calculation Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date
falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation
Period divided by 360;

--- Page 112 ---
112
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 –Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period,
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 –Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period,
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which
case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 –Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 113 ---
113
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period,
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in
which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case
D2 will be 30;
(viii)
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon,
(a)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y)
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(b)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum
of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1)
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of
Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is
so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s).
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European
Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the
Functioning of the European Community, as amended.
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest
Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period
Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case
of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such
Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation
Amount for that period.

--- Page 114 ---
114
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as
may be specified hereon.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so
specified, (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling, either (a) if Screen Rate
Determination – Applicable (Overnight Rate) is specified hereon, the number of
London Banking Days specified as the Observation Look-back hereon (or, if no
such number is specified, five London Banking Days) prior to the end of such
Interest Accrual Period, or (b) otherwise, the first day of such Interest Accrual
Period, or (ii) if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro, the day falling
two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of
such Interest Accrual Period, or (iii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual
Period.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment
Date and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment
Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise
specified hereon.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect
of the Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the
provisions hereon.
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market
and, in the case of a determination of any other Reference Rate, the principal
Relevant Financial Centre’s office of four major banks in the Relevant Financial
Centre’s inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer on the advice of
an investment bank of international repute or as specified hereon.
“Reference Rate” means either EURIBOR, PIBOR, WIBOR, PRIBOR, ROBOR,
BUBOR, SONIA, TIIE or STIBOR, as specified hereon.
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning specified hereon.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other
part of a particular information service as may be specified hereon.
“Relevant Time” has the meaning specified hereon.
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched
on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto.
(k)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is
outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if
the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply
V.4.7(vi) CAT B
XIII.4.8 (vi)
CAT A

--- Page 115 ---
115
with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee)
appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
6.
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption:
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount).
(b)
Early Redemption:
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes:
(a)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note.
(b)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount
of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none
is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back
to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(c)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon
its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and
payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B)
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date
on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other
than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to
Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10,
shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the
Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if the Notes are Floating
Rate Notes) or at any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less
than 30 or more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)
(together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies
the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that it (or, if the Guarantee
was called, a Guarantor) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as
described under Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws
V.4.8(i), (ii)
CAT B, CAT C
XIII.4.9(i)
CAT B, CAT C
V.4.9 (i)
CAT C

--- Page 116 ---
116
or regulations of the United Kingdom or any political subdivision or authority thereof or
therein having power to tax, including any treaty to which the United Kingdom is a party,
or any change in the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, including
a decision of any court or tribunal and any generally published pronouncements by any
tax authority, which change, amendment or pronouncement becomes effective on or
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes,
and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor(s),
as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on
which the Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor(s), as the case may be) would be obliged
to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes (or the
Guarantee, as the case may be) then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in
(i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor(s), as the case may
be) taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to
accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions
precedent set out in (i) and (ii) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding
on Noteholders and Couponholders.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer
may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if
so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate
to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be
redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to
be redeemed specified hereon.
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than
15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the
next sentence) notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be
specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes at any time or from
time to time (i) where no particular period during which Make-Whole Redemption is
applicable is specified, at any time prior to their Maturity Date, or (ii) where Make-Whole
Redemption is specified as only being applicable for a certain period, during such
period, in each case on the date for redemption specified in such notice (the “Make-
Whole Redemption Date”) at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice
of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the
Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed by the Issuer until such time following
which any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the
event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the
Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-
Whole Redemption Date as so delayed. The Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall be
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other person as may be agreed between
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent from time to time, in which case reference to
Calculation Agent in this Condition shall be read as references to such person) and
shall be the greater of: (x) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes as at the Make-
Whole Redemption Date to be so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes to their
Maturity Date (or, if Call Option is specified hereon, the next Optional Redemption Date
on which the Issuer may redeem such Notes at their nominal amount) (not including any
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption
Date) each such remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest being
discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the

--- Page 117 ---
117
Reference Bond Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified
hereon, plus, in each case, any interest accrued on such Notes to, but excluding, the
Make-Whole Redemption Date.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given (and not rescinded in accordance
with this Condition) shall be redeemed on the later of: (i) the date specified in such
notice in accordance with this Condition or (ii) the Make-Whole Redemption Date so
delayed in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the
certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify
the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered
Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Trustee may
approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any
applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.
In this Condition:
“CA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the
Calculation Agent as having an actual maturity comparable with the remaining term of
the relevant Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining
term of the relevant Notes;
“Determination Date” means the date which is the fifth Business Day prior to the
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date.
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” shall be as specified hereon.
“Quotation Time” shall be as specified hereon.
“Reference Bond” shall be as specified hereon or, in case of redemption in full of such
bond prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date, the CA Selected Bond.
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date,
(a) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for the
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than
four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all
such quotations.
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to any Determination Date, the rate per
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond,
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Determination Date.
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the
Issuer, or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues.
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Determination Date, the arithmetic
average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the
Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the
Quotation Time on the Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by
such Reference Government Bond Dealer.
(e)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the
Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, upon the holder of such Note giving
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period

--- Page 118 ---
118
as may be specified hereon), redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s)
at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for
redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such
Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying
Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s)
with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly
completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice
period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn
(except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(f)
Redemption Following Change of Control: If Change of Control Put is specified
hereon and a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any such Note will
have the option (a “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless prior to the giving of the
relevant Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given
notice of redemption under Condition 6(c) or 6(d) above) to require the Issuer to redeem
or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the
Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) at 101% of its nominal amount together
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control Put Date.
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if:
(i)
any person or any persons acting in concert (as defined in the City Code on
Takeovers and Mergers), other than a holding company (as defined in Section
1159 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended) whose shareholders are or are to
be substantially similar to the pre-existing shareholders of the Issuer, shall
become interested (within the meaning of Part 22 of the Companies Act 2006 as
amended) in (A) more than 50% of the issued or allotted ordinary share capital
of the Issuer or (B) shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50% of
the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer (each
such event being a “Change of Control”);
(ii)
on the date (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (1) the
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2)
the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if
any), the Notes carry:
A.
a credit rating from any Rating Agency provided by such Rating Agency at
the invitation of the Issuer and any such rating is, within the Change of
Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating categories (from
BB+ to BB or such similar lowering) or withdrawn and is not, within the
Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade)
upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) restored to its earlier credit rating
or better by such Rating Agency (in each case, regardless of whether any
other Rating Agency maintains and does not downgrade any other credit
rating assigned to the Notes); or
B.
no credit rating and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the Change
of Control Period; and
(iii)
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to
paragraph (A) above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms
in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the
occurrence of the Change of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control
Announcement.
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has
occurred the Issuer shall, and the Trustee, if so requested by the holders of at least
one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall, (subject in each case to the Trustee
V.4.6 CAT B
XIII.4.7 CAT B

--- Page 119 ---
119
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a
“Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with
Condition 16 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option.
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Bearer Note must deliver
such Note to the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal
business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the period (the “Change of Control
Put Period”) of 30 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given,
accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the
time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Change
of Control Put Notice”). The Note should be delivered together with all Coupons
appertaining thereto maturing after the date which is seven days after the expiration of
the Change of Control Put Period (the “Change of Control Put Date”), failing which the
Paying Agent will require payment from or on behalf of the Noteholder of an amount
equal to the face value of any missing such Coupon. Any amount so paid will be
reimbursed to the Noteholder against presentation and surrender of the relevant
missing Coupon (or any replacement therefor issued pursuant to Condition 14) at any
time after such payment, but before the expiry of the period of five years from the date
on which such Coupon would have become due, but not thereafter. The Paying Agent
to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered will issue to the
Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered.
Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified
a bank account in the Change of Control Put Notice to which payment is to be made,
on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer to that bank account and, in every other
case, on or after the Change of Control Put Date against presentation and surrender or
(as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of any Paying
Agent. A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. For the
purposes of these Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 6(f) shall be
treated as if they were Notes.
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Registered Note must
deposit the Certificate evidencing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent
at its specified office, together with a duly signed and completed Change of Control Put
Notice obtainable from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent within the Change of Control
Put Period. No Certificate so deposited and option so exercised may be withdrawn
without the prior consent of the Issuer. Payment in respect of the Note(s) evidenced by
any Certificate so deposited will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account
in the Change of Control Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of
Control Put Date by transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, by cheque
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such
Note at its address appearing in the Register.
The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes
on the Change of Control Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and
cancelled.
If 85% or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed
or purchased pursuant to this Condition 6(f), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 30
days after the Change of Control Put Date), redeem or purchase (or procure the
purchase of), at its option, all but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes at
101% of their principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the
date fixed for such redemption or purchase.
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event
or Change of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could
constitute a Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred, or to seek
any confirmation from any Rating Agency pursuant to paragraph (ii) or (iii) above or

--- Page 120 ---
120
pursuant to the definition of Negative Rating Event below, and, until it shall have notice
pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of
Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred.
In this Condition 6(f):
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant
Announcement Date and ending 90 days after the Change of Control or, where a Rating
Agency has publicly announced that the Notes are under consideration for rating review
or, as the case may be, rating (such public announcement being within the period
ending 90 days after the Change of Control), the later of (i) such 90th day after the
Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days after such public announcement;
a “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there
is no rating assigned to the Notes by a Rating Agency (i) the Issuer does not, either prior
to, or not later than 21 days after, the occurrence of the Change of Control seek, and
thereafter throughout the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to
obtain, a rating of the Notes, or any other unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the
Issuer, from a Rating Agency or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use such endeavours,
it is unable to obtain such a rating of at least the Negative Rating Event Specified Rating
specified hereon (or, where a rating was ascribed to the Notes on the Issue Date (the
“Initial Rating”), a rating that is one rating category lower than the Initial Rating) by the
end of the Change of Control Period from a Rating Agency;
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”), Fitch Ratings
Ltd. (“Fitch”) or Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited (“S&P”) or
any of their respective successors or any rating agency (a “Substitute Rating Agency”)
substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to time with the prior written approval
of the Trustee; and
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public
announcement or statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser
acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of
Control where, within 180 days following the date of such announcement or statement,
a Change of Control occurs.
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P are changed from
those which are described in the definition of “Negative Rating Event” above, or if a
rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating
designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as
appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch
or S&P and this Condition 6(f) shall be construed accordingly.
(g)
Clean-up Call Option: If Clean-Up Call Option is specified hereon, if 85% or more in
principal amount of the Notes have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to this
Condition 6 (other than Condition 6(f)), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor
more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be
specified hereon), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all but
not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes at 100% of their principal amount,
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such redemption or
purchase.
(h)
Purchases: The Issuer, the Guarantors and any of their respective Subsidiaries may
at any time purchase the Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in
the open market or otherwise at any price.
(i)
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any
of their respective Subsidiaries may, at the option of the Issuer, be held or may be
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such
Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing
and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate

--- Page 121 ---
121
representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall,
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered
therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. Notes
held by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any of its or their respective
Subsidiaries shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meeting of Noteholders and shall
not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings
of Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 10.
7.
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall,
subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the
relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as
specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in
Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or,
at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency
with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency
or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.
(b)
Registered Notes:
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of
any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in
paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register
at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment
thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall
be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the
holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing
in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest
may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the
payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the
Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii)
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts
and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to: (i) any
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives; and (ii) any withholding or
deduction imposed by any agreement entered into pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“FATCA”) or otherwise
imposed pursuant to FATCA, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing any intergovernmental approach
thereto, but, in each case, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No
commission or expenses in each case shall be charged to the Noteholders or
Couponholders in respect of such payments. Except to the extent that the Issuer or any
Guarantor is required to pay any additional amounts under Condition 8 on account of
a withholding or deduction, neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor will be required to pay
any additional amounts on account of a withholding or deduction and, accordingly, the

--- Page 122 ---
122
Issuer or the relevant Guarantor shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money
as is represented by any such withholding or deduction as if such sum had actually
been paid to the Noteholder or Couponholder.
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the
Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer
and the Guarantors and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing
and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantors and do not
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or
Couponholder. The Issuer and the Guarantors reserve the right at any time with the
approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided
that the Issuer and the Guarantors shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying
Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation
to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so
require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one major European city,
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which
the Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the Trustee.
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in
New York City in respect of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the
circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given
to the Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons:
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate
Notes, such Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount
so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of
such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void
pursuant to Condition 9).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate
Note unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it,
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the
Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or
the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that

--- Page 123 ---
123
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such
Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the
case may be.
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such
Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void
pursuant to Condition 9).
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not
a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday)
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business, in the relevant
place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres”
hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency,
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
8.
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Guarantor in respect
of the Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the United Kingdom or any political
subdivision or authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or
deduction is required by law. In that event, except to the extent that the withholding or
deduction is made in respect of FATCA, or any agreement entered into pursuant to FATCA,
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantors shall pay such additional amounts as shall
result in the receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to anything done (including any
withholding or deduction made) under or pursuant to FATCA or with respect to any Note or
Coupon:
(a)
Other Connection: presented for payment or held by, or by a third party on behalf of,
a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the
United Kingdom other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon;
(b)
Presentation more than 30 Days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect
of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled
to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the last day of such period
of 30 days; and/or
(c)
Declaration of Exemption: presented for payment or held by, or by a third party on
behalf of, a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction by
satisfying, or procuring that any third party satisfies, any statutory requirements
(including but not limited to obtaining and/or presenting any form of certificate) or by
making, or procuring that any third party makes, a declaration or any other statement
or claim for exemption (including, but not limited to, a declaration of non-residence),
but fails to do so.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money
V.4.14
CAT A

--- Page 124 ---
124
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given
to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or
Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i)
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised
Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition
6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any
additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given in
addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. For the avoidance of doubt, any
withholding or deduction made in respect of any agreement entered into pursuant to FATCA
shall be treated as a withholding or deduction required by law.
9.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer or any Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons
(which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) and the Guarantee shall be prescribed and
become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case
of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
10.
Events of Default
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion
may, and if so directed by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes
then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders shall, subject to being
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction (but, in the case of the
happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraph (b) below and, in relation to a Material
Subsidiary, any of the events mentioned in paragraphs (c) to (i) inclusive below, only if the
Trustee shall have certified in writing that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial
to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall
immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together (if
applicable) with accrued interest:
(a)
default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case
of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of
the Notes;
(b)
the Issuer or any Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under
these Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except where the Trustee considers such
failure to be incapable of remedy) such failure continues for the period of 30 days after
written notice of such failure shall have been given to the Issuer and the Guarantors by
the Trustee requiring the same to be remedied;
(c)
any Moneys Borrowed owing by the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary
is validly declared to be due and payable prior to the date on which the same would
otherwise become due and payable by reason of an event of default (howsoever
described) in relation thereto or the Issuer or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary
defaults in the repayment of any Moneys Borrowed at the maturity thereof as extended
by any applicable grace period (or in the case of any Moneys Borrowed payable on
demand, within seven days of such demand) or if any guarantee or indemnity in respect
of Moneys Borrowed of any party given by the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material
Subsidiary shall not be paid when due and called upon (as extended by any applicable
grace period), provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant Moneys Borrowed,
guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one of the events mentioned in this
paragraph (c) has occurred exceeds £5,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency
or currencies as at the date the same became due and payable or the relevant event
of default occurs or such payment is not made) and, in any such case, the liability of the
Issuer, Guarantor or Material Subsidiary is not being contested in good faith;
V.4.6 CAT B
XIII.4.7 CAT B
V.4.7(v) CAT B
XIII.4.8(v) CAT B

--- Page 125 ---
125
(d)
an administrator is appointed in relation to the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material
Subsidiary or a final order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-
up or dissolution of the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or other
analogous bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings and, where possible, is not discharged
or stayed within a period of 30 days (in each case except for the purposes of and
followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, consolidation or voluntary
winding-up either (i) on terms previously approved by the Trustee in writing or by an
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary
(other than a Guarantor), the result of which will be that all or substantially all of the
Material Subsidiary’s assets and undertaking will be transferred to or otherwise be
vested in another solvent entity within the Group which is or thereupon becomes a
Material Subsidiary. If any two directors of such transferee entity certify that, in their
opinion, such entity is solvent, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certification
without further investigation or liability);
(e)
the Issuer or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent within the
meaning of Section 123(1)(e) of the Insolvency Act 1986 or is determined by any
competent court to be insolvent or bankrupt;
(f)
any kind of composition, scheme of arrangement, compromise or other similar
arrangement involving the Issuer or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary and its non-
Group creditors generally is entered into or made or any moratorium is agreed or is
declared or comes into effect in relation to all or substantially all of the debts of the
Issuer or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary owing to non-Group creditors (in each
case except for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation,
reorganisation, consolidation or voluntary winding-up either (i) on terms previously
approved by the Trustee in writing or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders
or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary (other than a Guarantor), the result of which
will be that all or substantially all of the Material Subsidiary’s assets and undertaking will
be transferred to or otherwise be vested in another solvent entity within the Group which
is or thereupon becomes a Material Subsidiary. If any two directors of such transferee
entity certify that, in their opinion, such entity is solvent, the Trustee shall be entitled to
rely on such certification without further investigation or liability);
(g)
an administrative or other receiver or other similar official is appointed in relation to the
whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, property and assets of the Issuer
or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary as a consequence of bankruptcy or insolvency;
(h)
a distress, execution or any similar proceedings is levied or enforced upon or sued out
against or any involuntary public or private sale procedures are commenced in respect
of the whole or substantially the whole of the chattels or property of the Issuer or any
Guarantor or Material Subsidiary and in any such case is not removed, paid out or
discharged within 60 days;
(i)
any present or future Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer or any
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes enforceable and is enforced in respect
of all or a material part of the assets of the Issuer, or such Guarantor or any Material
Subsidiary;
(j)
the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens (through an
action of the board of directors) to cease to carry on business or stops or suspends or
threatens (through an action of the board of directors) to stop or suspend payment of
its debts generally (in each case except for the purposes of and followed by a
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, consolidation or voluntary winding-up
either (i) on terms previously approved by the Trustee in writing or by an Extraordinary
Resolution of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary (other than a
Guarantor), the result of which will be that all or substantially all of the Material
Subsidiary’s assets and undertaking will be transferred to or otherwise be vested in
another solvent entity within the Group), if any two directors of such transferee entity
certify that, in their opinion, such entity is solvent, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely
on such certification without further investigation or liability); or

--- Page 126 ---
126
(k)
any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect
to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (e), (f), (g) or (h) above.
In this Condition 10:
“Consolidated EBITDA” means, in respect of any period, the consolidated profit of the Group
and the profits of any joint venture and associates of the Group for that period:
(i)
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) interest payable;
(ii)
before any deduction for or on account of taxation;
(iii)
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any amount attributable to the
impairment of goodwill;
(iv)
after adding back any amount attributable to the depreciation and impairment of
property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets and deducting any reversals of
impairments made in such period (to the extent previously added back to Consolidated
EBITDA);
(v)
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any amount attributable to the
amortisation or impairment of intangible assets;
(vi)
excluding any item of income or expense that is material (either individually or in
aggregate) and either of an unusual or a non-recurring nature including, without
limitation, any such item:
(a)
in relation to:
(1)
the restructuring of the activities of an entity;
(2)
disposals, revaluations or impairment of non-current assets; or
(3)
disposals of assets associated with discontinued operations; or
(b)
which is a reversal of any item falling within this paragraph (vi); and
(vi)
excluding the effect under IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 of the fair valuation of derivative assets
and liabilities,
all as determined in accordance with IFRS
“Gross Tangible Assets” means, in relation to the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or
grouping of the foregoing referred to in the Conditions, the total of the fixed and current assets
of such entity or grouping, but excluding:
(i)
sums due to such entity or grouping from other members of the Group; and
(ii)
any amounts attributable to goodwill and other intangible assets,
as determined in accordance with IFRS.
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being.
“IFRS” means international accounting standards within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002
on the Application of International Accounting Standards as applied by the Issuer in
connection with the preparation of its annual audited financial statements for the financial
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.
“IFRS 7” means International Financial Reporting Standard 7 (Financial Instruments:
Disclosures), as in force at 31 December 2020 and as applied by the Issuer in connection with
the preparation of its annual audited financial statements for the financial year ended
31 December 2020.

--- Page 127 ---
127
“IFRS 9” means International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (Financial Instruments), as in
force at 31 December 2020 and as applied by the Issuer in connection with the preparation
of its annual audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020.
A company is a “Subsidiary” of another company, if that other company:
(i)
holds a majority of the voting rights in it;
(ii)
is a member of it and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of its board of
directors; or
(iii)
is a member of it and controls alone, pursuant to an agreement with other members, a
majority of the voting rights in it,
or if it is a Subsidiary of a company that is itself a Subsidiary of that other company.
“Lease” means any lease entered into by any member of the Group as lessee which would
be classified as a “lease” under IFRS.
“Material Subsidiary” means each Subsidiary of the Issuer from time to time, whether owned
at the date of the issuance of Notes or acquired subsequently:
(i)
whose Gross Tangible Assets represents 5% or more of the Gross Tangible Assets of
the Group, immediately before the relevant company becomes a Subsidiary of the
Issuer in the case of an acquired Subsidiary of the Issuer; or
(ii)
whose profit for the financial period of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries then most recently
ended (calculated with respect to such Subsidiary in the same manner as Consolidated
EBITDA is calculated) represents 5% or more of Consolidated EBITDA, immediately
before the relevant company becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer in the case of an
acquired Subsidiary of the Issuer.
In the case of such a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries (the “Relevant Group”), the
calculation shall be made by comparing the Gross Tangible Assets or consolidated profit
(calculated in the same manner as Consolidated EBITDA is calculated), as the case may be,
of the Relevant Group to the Gross Tangible Assets or Consolidated EBITDA of the Group.
A certificate of two directors or a director and a secretary of the Issuer or any Guarantor (as
the case may be) listing their respective Subsidiaries and stating that in their opinion a
Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any particular
period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding
on all parties.
“Moneys Borrowed” of any person means, without duplication:
(i)
any indebtedness for moneys borrowed of such person including, without limitation,
indebtedness created by means of acceptances, the issue of loan stock and any liability
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments;
(ii)
capitalised rental obligations of such person under Leases; and
(iii)
any guarantees or indemnities given by such person in respect of any obligations
described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above of another person not being a member of the
Group (it being understood that the liability on any date in respect of any guarantee of
obligations under a credit facility shall be an amount equal to the funded obligations for
Moneys Borrowed under such facility as of such date).
11.
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings
of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning
by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of
these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened
by Noteholders holding not less than 10% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary

--- Page 128 ---
128
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned
meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal
amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption
of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii)
to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of,
the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary
the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a
Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such
Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the
currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify or cancel
the Guarantee (other than in circumstances described in Condition 11(c) below), or (viii)
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the
necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than
75%, or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25%, in nominal amount of the Notes
for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be
binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such
resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders
of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes
be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in
one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of
one or more Noteholders.
(b)
Modification of the Trust Deed: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the
Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the
Trust Deed that is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to
correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the
Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any
of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or
waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee
so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as
practicable.
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any
modifications as set out in Condition 5(c)(iv) without the consent of the Noteholders
and Couponholders.
(c)
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree,
subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee
may require, but without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the
substitution of the Issuer’s successor in business or any Subsidiary (as defined in the
Trust Deed) of the Issuer or its successor in business in place of the Issuer, or of any
previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes.
The Trust Deed also contains provisions requiring the Trustee to agree, without the
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the release of a guarantor in
certain circumstances. In addition the Trust Deed contains provisions requiring the
Issuer to procure the accession of a new guarantor in certain circumstances. Any such
release or accession will occur if there is a release of a guarantor, or the accession of
a new guarantor, under the terms of the Issuer’s multi-currency facilities agreement
dated 18 November 2010 (as subsequently amended, restated, modified, re-financed
or replaced from time to time, the “Facilities Agreement”) and will take effect as soon

--- Page 129 ---
129
as is reasonably practicable following such release or accession under the Facilities
Agreement. The Issuer will provide to the Trustee not less than 45 days’ notice of any
planned change of guarantor under the Facilities Agreement before any such change
is to take effect under the Facilities Agreement.
(d)
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including
but not limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the
interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences
of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not
be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim,
from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of
any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders.
12.
Enforcement
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and
without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer and/or any Guarantor as
it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need
not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary
Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in nominal
amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or
prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the
Issuer or any Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do
so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.
13.
Indemnification of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief
from responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer,
the Guarantors and any entity related to the Issuer or any Guarantor without accounting for
any profit.
The Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders or Couponholders on a report,
confirmation or certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial
institution or any other expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in
relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into
by the Trustee or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or
otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report,
confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate or advice shall
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Noteholders. However, the
Trustee will have no recourse to the Issuer’s auditors in respect of such certificates or reports
unless the Issuer’s auditors have agreed to address such certificates or reports to the Trustee.
14.
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may
be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Luxembourg
(in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from
time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is
given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in
respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be
surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 130 ---
130
15.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders
create and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes
in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that
such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding
securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine
at the time of their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the
context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming
a single series with the Notes. Any further securities forming a single series with the
outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or
any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the
Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening
a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the
Trustee so decides.
16.
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a
day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of
Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London
(which is expected to be the Financial Times). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such
publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice
given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
17.
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
18.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by,
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.
(b)
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that
may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly
any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons
or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer and the
Guarantors have in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such
courts.
V.4.2 CAT A
XIII.4.3 CAT A

--- Page 131 ---
131
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
1.
Initial Issue of Notes
Each Series of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note
in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form
(each a “Permanent Global Note” (and, together with a Temporary Global Note, the “Global
Notes”)). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a
“Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of
Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented
by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If the Global Notes are stated in the
applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche (as defined in
“Summary”) to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes
which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates
will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the Global Certificates are stated in the
applicable Final Terms to be issued under the New Safekeeping Structure (“NSS”), the Global
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the
Common Safekeeper. The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for
other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in this Section.
Where the Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form or are held under the NSS,
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified by or on behalf of the Issuer whether
or not such Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem
eligibility. Neither depositing the Global Notes or Global Certificates (as the case may be)
with the Common Safekeeper nor indicating that they are to be held in a manner which would
allow Eurosystem eligibility necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates may be delivered on or
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary (other than Global
Certificates in NSS form, which shall be delivered to a Common Safekeeper).
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg and delivery of the related Global Certificate to the Common Depositary,
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global
Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time
to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such
clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by
the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the
accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems
through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such
other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing
system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream,
Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
2.
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any
other permitted clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note
represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear,
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for

--- Page 132 ---
132
his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder
of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights
arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative
Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the
Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by
such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged
by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered
Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.
In certain circumstances, Investors may also hold interests in the Notes through CREST
through the issuance of CDIs, representing interests in the underlying Notes. CDIs are
constituted under English law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by the
CREST Depository pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. Neither the Notes nor any rights
attached thereto will be issued, settled, held or transferred within the CREST system other
than through the issue, settlement holding or transfer of CDIs. CDI holders will not be entitled
to deal directly in the Notes and, accordingly, all dealings in the Notes will be effected through
CREST in relation to the holding of CDIs.
3.
Exchange
3.1
Temporary Global Notes
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after
its Exchange Date:
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with
TEFRA C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see
“Summary – Element C.5”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and
described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in
the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or,
if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.
In relation to any issue of Notes which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes
exchangeable for definitive notes, such Notes shall be issued only in a principal amount which
is an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination.
3.2
Permanent Global Notes
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after
its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part
for Definitive Notes if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays,
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact
does so.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of
less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of
such holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an
amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.
3.3
Global Certificates
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue,
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream,
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading
of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing
system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant
clearing system.

--- Page 133 ---
133
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition
2(b) may only be made in part:
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
with the consent of the Issuer,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i)
above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its
specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer.
3.4
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for
endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global
Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a
Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part
of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such
exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or
procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and
authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that
details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system.
In this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive
Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached
to them all Coupons that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon).
Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust
Deed. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant
Definitive Notes.
3.5
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the
expiry of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling
not less than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which
banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying
Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located.
3.6
Crest Depository Interests
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in Notes may be delivered, held and
settled in CREST by means of the creation of CDIs representing the interests in the relevant
Underlying Notes. The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository to CDI Holders and will
be governed by English law.
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the
Underlying Notes. Pursuant to the CREST Manual, Notes held in global form may be settled
through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be independent
securities, constituted under English law which may be held and transferred through CREST.
Interests in the Underlying Notes will be credited to the CREST Nominee’s account with
Euroclear and the CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST
Depository which will issue CDIs to the relevant CREST participants.
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying Note, for the
purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof.
The CREST Depository will pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received

--- Page 134 ---
134
by it as holder of the Underlying Notes on trust for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be
able to receive from the CREST Depository notices of meetings of holders of Underlying Notes
and other relevant notices issued by the Issuer.
Transfers of interests in Underlying Notes by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of
an interest in such Underlying Notes to the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear
or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
The CDIs will have the same International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) as the
ISIN of the Underlying Notes and will not require a separate listing on the official list of the
FCA.
Prospective subscribers for Notes represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 3 of the
CREST Manual which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll entered into by the CREST
Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between
CREST, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer including the CREST
Deed Poll (in the form contained in Chapter 3 of the CREST International Manual (which
forms part of the CREST Manual)) executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be
different from those of holders of Notes which are not represented by CDIs.
If issued, CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST
International Settlement Links Service. The settlement of the CDIs by means of the CREST
International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI Holders:
(i)
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the Underlying Notes. The CDIs are separate
legal instruments from the Underlying Notes to which they relate and represent an
indirect interest in such Underlying Notes.
(ii)
The Underlying Notes themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect
interests in such Underlying Notes) will be held in an account with a custodian. The
custodian will hold the Underlying Notes through a clearing system. Rights in the
Underlying Notes will be held through custodial and depository links through the
appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the Underlying Notes or to interests in
the Underlying Notes will depend on the rules of the clearing system in or through which
the Underlying Notes are held.
(iii)
Rights under the Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly
through the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The
enforcement of rights under the Underlying Notes will therefore be subject to the local
law of the relevant intermediary. The rights of CDI Holders to the Underlying Notes are
represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the
CREST Nominee) holds interests in the Underlying Notes. This could result in an
elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made in
respect of the Underlying Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of a relevant
intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Notes held in clearing systems are not
held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same
accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries.
(iv)
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST
Deed Poll. CDI Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by
all provisions of or prescribed pursuant to the CREST Manual and the CREST Rules
and CDI Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such
provisions.
(v)
Potential Investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST
Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the issuer of
the CDIs, the CREST Depository.
(vi)
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities,
warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them.
The attention of potential Investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the

--- Page 135 ---
135
CREST Manual and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at
33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 207 849 0000 or from the
CREST website at www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI.
(vii)
Potential Investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges,
costs and expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST
International Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses
charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the
CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or
become payable in connection with the holding of the CDI’s through the CREST
International Settlement Links Service.
(viii)
Potential Investors should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the
Trustee, the Paying Agent or their respective advisers will have any responsibility for the
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing
their operations.
(ix)
Potential Investors should note that Notes issued in Temporary Global Note form
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note will not be eligible for CREST settlement
as CDIs. As such, Investors investing in the Underlying Notes through CDIs will only
receive the CDIs after such Temporary Global Note is exchanged for a Permanent
Global Note, which could take up to 40 days after the issue of the Underlying Notes. It
is anticipated that Notes eligible for CREST settlement as CDIs will be issued directly
in permanent global form.
4.
Amendment to Conditions
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain
provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the
terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of
certain of those provisions:
4.1
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless
exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly
withheld or refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with
TEFRA D before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments
in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the
Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or
such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If
the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global
Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in
respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each
such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in
the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records
of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced
accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will
discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the
records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any
payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be
disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days).
4.2
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global
Note will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date
(as defined in Condition 8).
V.4.7(v) CAT B
XIII 4.8(v) CAT B

--- Page 136 ---
136
4.3
Meetings
The holder of a Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate
shall (unless such Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be
treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated
as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the
Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral
currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding,
whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.)
4.4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in
the nominal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note.
4.5
Purchase
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any
of its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments
of interest (if any) thereon.
4.6
Issuer’s Option
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are
represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall
be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not
all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect
of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be).
4.7
Noteholders’ Options
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes
are represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the
Permanent Global Note giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits
relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in
the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be
required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been
exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised
and at the same time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent
Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the
Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall
procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be
reduced accordingly.
4.8
NGN nominal amount
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment,
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in
addition to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant
clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal,
the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted
accordingly.

--- Page 137 ---
137
4.9
Trustee’s Powers
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or
Registered Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the
Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its
operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with
entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests as if
such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global
Certificate.
4.10
Events of Default
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to
become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 by stating in the
notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is
becoming due and repayable.
4.11
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on
behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by
delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled
accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of
the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note.
5.
Record Date in respect of Registered Notes
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes whilst in global form will be made to, or to the
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the
record date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the
date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive
except 25 December and 1 January.
6.
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name
of any nominee for, a clearing system, then:
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Trustee (as the
case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic
communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent”) as defined in the
Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was
satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of
Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and
holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic
Consent; and
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purposes of determining whether
a Written Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer,
the Guarantors and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given
in writing directly to the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or the Trustee, as the case may be,
by accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or
Global Certificate or, where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom
such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly
with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each
case, the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee have obtained commercially
reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding and have taken reasonable
steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of such consent or
instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution passed in such

--- Page 138 ---
138
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant
consent or instruction proves to be defective. As used in this paragraph, “commercially
reasonable evidence” includes any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear,
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, or issued by an
accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding
of interests in the Notes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form
of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system
(including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system)
in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular
principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount
of such holding. The Issuer and/or the Guarantors shall not be liable to any person by
reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently
found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 139 ---
139
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK RETAIL NOTES
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes
issued under the Programme with a denomination of less than €100,000
(or its equivalent in another currency) other than in respect of Notes admitted to
trading only on a UK Regulated Market, or a specific segment thereof, to which only
qualified investors, as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation, have access
Final Terms dated [G]
International Personal Finance plc
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal Finance 
Investments Limited, IPF International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited
under the EUR 1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area
(the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”);
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10)
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129
(the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]
[MiFID II product governance / target market
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in MiFID II; and
EITHER1 [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice,
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]2] OR3 [(ii) all channels for
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and]
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment;
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]4.
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes
PD Reg 22.4 + 
26.5 –
replication/
1
Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex.
2
This list may not be necessary especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be
appropriate.
3
Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed
necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute
“complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II.
4
If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make
the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination
of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 140 ---
140
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK
MiFIR”); and EITHER5 [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR6 [(ii)
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][,
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]].
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’]
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as
applicable]7.]]
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 26 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [G]
which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [G] 2021] [and the supplement[s] to it
dated [G]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the UK Prospectus
Regulation (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the UK Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction
with the Prospectus[, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Prospectus dated
[8 May 2018]/[12 April 2019]/[13 March 2020]] [and the drawdown prospectus dated [11 June 2018]/[10
November 2020]].8 Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes is only
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. However, a
summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Prospectus has been
published on the website of the Regulatory News Service operated by the London Stock Exchange
at: http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/prices-and-news/news/market- news/market-
news-home.html.]
1.
(i)
Issuer:
International Personal Finance plc
(ii)
Guarantor:
IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International
Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited
2.
[(i)]
Series Number:
[G]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[G]
[(iii)
Date on which the Notes fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall become
consolidated, form a single series and be
interchangeable for trading purposes with the
[G] on [G/the Issue Date/exchange of the
Temporary Global Note for interests in the
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in
paragraph [23] below [which is expected to
occur on or about [G]]].]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[G]
5
Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reﬂected in COBS).
6
Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reﬂected in COBS). This list may need to be amended,
for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.
7
If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make
the determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.
8
Include for tap issuances.

--- Page 141 ---
141
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[G]
[(i)]
Series:
[G]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[G]
5.
Issue Price:
[G] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount
[plus accrued interest from [G]]
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[G]
[G] and integral multiples of [G] in excess
thereof up to and including [G]. No Notes in
definitive form will be issued with a
denomination above [G].
(ii)
Calculation Amount
[G]
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[G]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date
[G]
8.
Maturity Date
[G]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[G] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/PIBOR/
WIBOR/PRIBOR/BUBOR/ROBOR
/TIIE/STIBOR/G] +/– [G] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon] (see paragraph [14][15][16] below)
10.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
11.
Put/Cal Options:
[Investor Put]
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[(further particulars specified below)]
12.
Date [Board] approval for issuance[G] 
[G] and [G], respectively]].
[and [G], respectively]] of Notes [and 
Guarantee] obtained:
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
1.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[G] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on
each Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[G] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[G] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[G] per Calculation Amount, payable on the
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [G]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
(vi)
[Determination Dates:
[G] in each year]

--- Page 142 ---
142
2.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[G]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[G] in each year, subject to adjustment in
accordance with the Business Day Convention
set out in (v) below]
(iii)
First Interest Payment Date:
[G]
(iv)
Interest Period Date:
[G]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business
Day Convention/Modified Following Business
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day
Convention]
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
[G]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Screen Rate Determination
Interest is/are to be determined:
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating 
[G]
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the [Agent]):
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable (Term Rate)/Applicable (Overnight
Rate)]
Reference Rate:
[EURIBOR/PIBOR/WIBOR/PRIBOR/ROBOR/
BUBOR/SONIA/TIIE/ STIBOR]
Relevant Financial Centre:
[G]
Relevant Time:
[G]
Interest Determination Date(s):
[[G]/[G] London Banking Days prior to the end of
each Interest Accrual Period]
Relevant Screen Page:
[G]
[Observation Look-back:
[G] London Banking Days]
3.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[G] per cent. per annum
(ii)
[Reference Price:
[G]]
(iii)
[Day Count Fraction in relation 
[[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA]
to Early Redemption Amounts:
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]]]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
4.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[G] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s):
[G] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 143 ---
143
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum Redemption 
[G] per Calculation Amount
Amount:
(b)
Maximum Redemption 
[G] per Calculation Amount
Amount:
(iv)
Notice period:
[G]
5.
Make-Whole Redemption
[Applicable/Applicable from, and including, [G]
to, but excluding, [G]/ Not Applicable]
(i)
Make Whole Redemption Margin:
[G] 
(ii)
Quotation Time:
[G]
(iii)
Reference Bond:
[G]
(iv)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum Redemption 
[G] per Calculation Amount
Amount:
(b)
Maximum Redemption 
[G] per Calculation Amount
Amount:
(v)
Notice period:
[G]
6.
Clean-up Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Notice period:
[G]
7.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Optional Redemption 
[G]
Date(s):
(b)
Optional Redemption Date 
[G] per Calculation Amount
method, if any, or 
calculation of such 
amount(s):
(c)
Notice period:
[G]
(ii)
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Optional Redemption 
[101 per cent. per Calculation Amount
Amount(s)
(b)
Negative Rating Event 
[G]
Specified Rating 
(Condition 6(f)):
[(c)
Put Period:
[G]]
[(d)
Put Date:
[G]]
8.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: [Applicable/Not Applicable]
9.
Early Redemption Amount
[[G] per Calculation Amount]
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default of other early redemption:

--- Page 144 ---
144
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
10.
Form of Notice:
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable
for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes on [G] days’ notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
Registered Notes:
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg]
11.
Name and address of Registrar:
[Not Applicable]/[G]
12.
New Global Note (Bearer Notes):
[Yes] [No]
13.
Global Certificates (Registered Notes):
[Yes] [No]
14.
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes] [No]
(Registered Notes):
15.
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
16.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
[No/Yes.]
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature):
17.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Investors:
(If the Notes constitute packaged products “Not
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes
may constitute “packaged” products and no KID
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be
specified.)
18.
[Floating Rate Notes only – Benchmark:
Amounts payable under the Notes will be
calculated by reference to [G] which is provided
by [G]. As at [G], [G] [appears/does not appear]
on the register of administrators and
benchmarks established and maintained by the
European Securities and Markets Authority
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU)
2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”)
and [G], [G] [appears/does not appear] on the
register of benchmarks and administrators
established and maintained by the FCA
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU)
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks
Regulation”)]

--- Page 145 ---
145
[Third Party Information
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the]
[The] Issuer [and the Guarantor(s)] confirms that such information has been accurately
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
The Issuer
Signed on behalf of International Personal Finance plc
By: ............................................
Duly authorised
The Guarantors
Signed on behalf of IPF Holdings Limited
By: ............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of International Personal Finance Investments Limited
By: ............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of IPF International Limited
By: ............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of IPF Digital Group Limited
By: ............................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 146 ---
146
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING
(i)
UK Admission:
[Not Applicable/Application has been made by
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be
admitted to trading on [the London Stock
Exchange’s regulated market]], [a] UK
Regulated Market[s], [G], with effect from [G].]
(ii)
Regulated or equivalent markets 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
on which Notes of the same 
class are already admitted 
to trading:
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued have been rated]/[Notes
issued under the Programme are generally
rated]:
[Fitch: [G]]
[Moody’s: [G]]]
[Explanation of ratings to be included.]
3.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER]
[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer./[G]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[G]
(ii)
Use of proceeds:
[G]
[(iii)]
Estimated net proceeds:
[G]
[(iv)] Estimated total expenses related 
[G]
to the admission to trading:
5.
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[G]
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It
is not an indication of future yield.
6.
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It
is not an indication of future yield.
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[G]
Common Code:
[G]
CFI:
[G]
FISN:
[G]

--- Page 147 ---
147
Any clearing system(s) other than 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s):
Names and addresses of additional 
[G]
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
Names and addresses of Calculation 
[G]
Agent(s) (if not HSBC Bank plc):
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common
safekeeper] and does not necessarily mean that
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such
recognition will depend upon the ECB being
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have
been met.]
/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no”
at the date of these Final Terms, should the
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the
future such that the Notes are capable of
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [,
and registered in the name of a nominee of one
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper]
[include this text for Registered Notes]. Note that
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility
criteria have been met.]
8.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
If syndicated:
(a)
Names and addresses of 
[G]
Dealers and underwriting 
commitments.
(b)
Date of [Subscription] 
[G]
Agreement
(c)
Names and addresses of 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
Stabilising Manager(s) if any
(ii)
If non-syndicated, name and 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
address of Dealer:
(iii)
Indication of the overall amount 
[G] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount
of the underwriting commission 
and of the placing commission:
Intended to be held in a manner which
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

--- Page 148 ---
148
(iv)
US Selling Restrictions:
Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA C/
TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]]
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
Consumers:
(vi)
UK Public Offer:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(a)
Name, LEI (if applicable) 
[G]
and address of financial 
intermediaries authorised to 
offer the Notes:
(b)
Offer Period:
From [G] to [G].
(c)
Further conditions attached 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
to the consent to use.
(d)
General consent:
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]
9.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
Offer Price:
[Issue Price] [G]
Conditions to which the offer is subject:
[Not Applicable]/[G]
Description of the application process 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
any possible amendments, for which 
the offer will be open): (including the 
time period, including 
Description of possibility to reduce 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants:
Details of the minimum and/or 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
maximum amount of application:
Details of the method and time limits 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
for paying up and delivering the Notes:
Manner in and date on which results 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
of the offer are to be made public:
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised:
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
for certain countries and, if so, which 
tranche is so reserved:
Process for notification to applicants of 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made:
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser:
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
[None]/[G]
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer 
takes place.

--- Page 149 ---
149
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY]
[G]

--- Page 150 ---
150
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK WHOLESALE NOTES AND EU NOTES
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes
issued under the Programme with a denomination of at least €100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) or less than €100,000 if admitted to trading 
only on a regulated market, or a specific segment thereof, to which only qualified 
investors, as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation 
(as applicable), have access
Final Terms dated [G]
International Personal Finance plc
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
Guaranteed by IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal Finance Investments Limited, 
IPF International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited
under the EUR 1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the
“EEA”. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”),
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1)
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU)
No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them
available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”).
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, varied, superseded or
substituted from time to time (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
[MiFID II product governance / target market
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes
is eligible counterparties and professional clients, each as defined in MiFID II; and EITHER9 (ii) all
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]10] OR11 [(ii) all channels for
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate[, subject to the
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into
PD Reg 22.4 +
26.5 -
9
Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex.

--- Page 151 ---
151
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].12
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target
market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining
appropriate distribution channels.]
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the
“Conditions”) set forth in [the Prospectus dated 26 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated
[G]] which are incorporated by reference in] the Prospectus dated [G] 2021 [and the supplement(s)
to it dated [G]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU
Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read
in conjunction with the Prospectus[, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the
Prospectus dated [8 May 2018]/[12 April 2019]/[13 March 2020]] [and the drawdown prospectus
dated [11 June 2018]/[10 November 2020]].13 Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) dated [G]]. The Prospectus has been published on the
website
of
the 
Regulatory 
News 
Service 
operated 
by
the 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at:
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.]14
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 26 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated
[G] [which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [G] 2021] [and the supplement[s]
to it dated [G] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the UK Prospectus
Regulation (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the UK Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction
with the Prospectus[, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Prospectus
dated [8 May 2018]/[12 April 2019]/[13 March 2020]] [and the drawdown prospectus dated [11 June
2018]/[10 November 2020]]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Regulatory News Service operated by the
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
at:
http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/prices-and-
news/news/market- news/market-news-home.html.]15
10 This list may not be necessary especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be
appropriate.
11 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed
necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute
“complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II.
12 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make
the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination
of suitability will be necessary.
13 Include for tap issuance.
14 Include only where UK Wholesale Notes are to be admitted to trading on a UK Regulated Market. 
15 Include only where EU Notes are to be admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market.

--- Page 152 ---
152
1.
[(i)]
Issuer:
International Personal Finance plc
[(ii)]
Guarantor:
IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International
Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited
2.
[(i)]
Series Number:
[G]
[(ii)]
Tranche Number:
[G]
[(iii)]
Date on which the Notes 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
become fungible:
form a single series and be interchangeable for
trading purposes with the [G] on [G/the Issue
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as
referred to in paragraph [23] below [which is
expected to occur on or about [G] ]].]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[G]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:
[G]
[(i)]
Series:
[G]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[G]
5.
Issue Price:
[G] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount
[plus accrued interest from [G]]
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[G]
[G] and integral multiples of [G] in excess
thereof up to and including [G]. No Notes in
definitive form will be issued with a
denomination above [G]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[G]
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[G]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[G/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[G]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[G] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/PIBOR/WIBOR/PRIBOR/RO
BOR/BUBOR/TIIE/STIBOR/G] +/– [G] per cent.
Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] (see paragraph
[14][15][16] below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation of
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on
the Maturity Date at [100] per cent of their
nominal amount.
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
Applicable/Not Applicable]Put/Call Options:
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Change of Control Put]
[Issue Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 153 ---
153
13.
Date [Board] approval for issuance 
[G] [and [G]]
of Notes [and Guarantee] respectively 
obtained.
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[G] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on
each Interest Payment Date]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[G] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[G] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[G] per Calculation Amount payable on the
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [G]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA] [Actual/365
(Fixed)] [Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360]
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
(vi)
[Determination Dates:
[G] in each year]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[G]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[G] in each year, subject to adjustment in
accordance with the Business Day Convention
set out in (iv) below]
(iii)
First Interest Payment Date:
[G]
(iv)
Interest Period Date:
[G]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business
day Convention/Modified Following Business
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day
Convention]
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
[G]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Screen Rate Determination
Interest is/are to be determined:
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating 
[G]
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the [Agent]):
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable (Term Rate)/Applicable 
(Overnight Rate)]
– Reference Rate
[EURIBOR/PIBOR/WIBOR/PRIBOR/ROBOR/
BUBOR/SONIA/TIIE/STIBOR]
– Interest Accrual Period
[G]
– Relevant Financial Centre:
[G]
– Relevant time:
[G]
– Interest Determination Date(s):
[G]/[G] London Banking Days prior to the end of
each Interest Accrual Period]

--- Page 154 ---
154
– Relevant Screen Page:
[G]
– [Observation Look-back:
[G] London Banking Days]
(ix)
Margin(s):
[+/-][G] per cent. per annum
(x)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[G] per cent. per annum
(xi)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[G] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365(Fixed)] [Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360] [30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[G] per cent. per annum
(ii)
[Reference Price:
[G]]
(iii)
[Day Count Fraction in relation 
[[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA]
to Early Redemption Amounts:
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]]]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[G] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s):
[G] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[G] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[G] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:
[G]
18.
Make-Whole Redemption
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:
[G]
(ii)
Quotation Time:
[G]
(iii)
Reference Bond:
[G]
(iv)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum Redemption 
[G] per Calculation Amount
Amount:
(b)
Maximum Redemption 
[G] per Calculation Amount
Amount:
(v)
Notice period:
[G]

--- Page 155 ---
155
19.
Clean-up Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Notice period:
[G]
20.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s): [G]
(b)
Optional Redemption Date 
[G] per Calculation Amount
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s):
(c)
Notice period:
[G]
(ii)
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Optional Redemption 
101 per cent. of the Calculation Amount
Amount(s):
(b)
Negative Rating Event 
[G]
Specified Rating 
(Condition 6(f)):
[(c)
Put Period:
[G]]
[(d)
Put Date:
[G]]
21.
Final Redemption Amount of 
[G] per Calculation Amount
each Note:
22.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
[[G] per Calculation Amount]
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption:
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
23.
Form of Notes:
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable
for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes on [G] days’ notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
Registered Notes:
[Global Note registered in the name of a
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg]]
24.
Name and address of Registrar:
Not Applicable]/[G]
25.
New Global Note (Bearer Notes):
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 156 ---
156
26.
Global Certificates (Registered Notes):
[Yes] [No]
27.
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes] [No]
(Registered Notes):
28.
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
29.
Talons for future Coupons or attached 
[No/Yes]
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature):
30.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Investors:
– (If the Notes constitute packaged products
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and
no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be
specified.)
31.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Investors:
(If the Notes constitute packaged products “Not
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes
may constitute “packaged” products and no KID
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be
specified.)
32.
[Floating Rate Notes only – Benchmark:
Amounts payable under the Notes will be
calculated by reference to [G] which is provided
by [G]. As at [G], [G] [appears/does not appear]
on the register of administrators and
benchmarks established and maintained by the
European Securities and Markets Authority
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU)
2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”)
and [G], [G] [appears/does not appear] on the
register of benchmarks and administrators
established and maintained by the FCA
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU)
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks
Regulation”)]
Third Party Information
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer
and the Guarantors confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
The Issuer
Signed on behalf of International Personal Finance plc
By: ............................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 157 ---
157
The Guarantors
Signed on behalf of IPF Holdings Limited
By: ............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of International Personal Finance Investments Limited
By: ............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of IPF International Limited
By: ............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of IPF Digital Group Limited
By: ............................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 158 ---
158
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING
(i)
UK Admission:16
[Not Applicable/Application has been made by
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be
admitted to trading on [London Stock
Exchange’s regulated market], [a] UK Regulated
Market[s], [G] with effect from [G].]
[Each set of Final Terms in respect of UK Notes
will be submitted to [the FCA and the LSE] [and]
[G] the operator[s] of [a] UK Regulated Market[s]
and published by the Issuer in accordance with
the UK Prospectus Regulation and in
compliance with the other requirements of UK
law, if applicable.]
(ii)
EEA Admission:17
[Not Applicable/Application has been made by
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be
admitted to trading on [the Euronext Dublin
Regulated Market]/[the EU Regulated Market
operated by BondSpot S.A. in Poland]/[the EU
Regulated Market operated by the Warsaw
Stock Exchange] /[Nasdaq Stockholm AB]/[the
EU Regulated Market operated by the Budapest
Stock Exchange] with effect from [G].
[Each set of Final Terms in respect of EU Notes
will be submitted to [the CBI and Euronext
Dublin]/[the EU Regulated Market operated by
BondSpot S.A. in Poland]/[the EU Regulated
Market operated by the Warsaw Stock
Exchange]/[Nasdaq Stockholm AB]/[the EU
Regulated Market operated by the Budapest
Stock Exchange] [following receipt of a
certificate of approval in respect of the
passporting of the Prospectus being provided
and published by the Issuer in accordance with
the EU Prospectus Regulation and in
compliance with the other requirements of the
local law of the relevant EEA Member State, if
applicable.]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
The Notes to be issued have been rated:
[Fitch: [G]]
[Moody’s: [G]]]
[Explanation of ratings to be included.]
3.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER]
[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer./[G]
16 Include only where UK Wholesale Notes are to be admitted to trading on a UK Regulated Market. Where no such oﬀering
is to be made, “Not Applicable” should be selected. 
17 Include only where EU Notes are to be admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market. Where no such oﬀering is to be
made, “Not Applicable” should be selected.

--- Page 159 ---
159
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[G]
(ii)
Use of proceeds:
[G]
[(iii)]
Estimated net proceeds:
[G]
[(iv)] Estimated total expenses related 
[G]
to the admission of trading:
5.
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[G]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[G]
Common Code:
[G]
CFI:
[G]
FISN:
[G]
Any clearing system(s) other than 
[Not Applicable]/[G]
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s):
Names and addresses of additional 
[G]
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[Names and addresses of Calculation 
[G]
Agent(s) (if not HSBC Bank plc):
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common
safekeeper] and does not necessarily mean that
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such
recognition will depend upon the ECB being
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have
been met.]
/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no”
at the date of these Final Terms, should the
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the
future such that the Notes are capable of
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [,
and registered in the name of a nominee of one
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper].
Note that this does not necessarily mean that
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at
Intended to be held in a manner which
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

--- Page 160 ---
any time during their life. Such recognition will
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
US Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA C/
TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Consumers:]
160

--- Page 161 ---
161
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1)
The listing of the Programme on the LSE Main Market and the Euronext Dublin Regulated
Market expected to be granted on or about 31 August 2021. It is expected that each Tranche
of the Notes which is to be admitted to listing and trading on a Relevant Market will be so
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Temporary Global
Note or Permanent Global Note (or one or more Certificates) in respect of such Tranche.
(2)
The Issuer and the Guarantors have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and
authorisations in the United Kingdom and Ireland (as relevant) in connection with the
establishment and update of the Programme. The establishment and update of the
Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of IPF passed on 12 March 2010 and
21 July 2021, respectively, and by the Executive Committee of IPF on 19 April 2010 and
25 August 2021, respectively.
(3)
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the
Issuer, any of the Guarantors or the Group since 30 June 2021 and no material adverse
change in the prospects of the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or the Group since 31 December
2020.
(4)
Save as disclosed below, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened) of which the Issuer is aware
during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus, which may have, or have had in
the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and/or the Group’s
financial position or profitability.
(a)
The Polish Office of Competition and Consumer Protection is conducting a
comprehensive review of rebating practices by banks and other consumer credit
providers on early loan settlement, including those of the Group’s Polish businesses.
In light of this and a recent European Court of Justice declaratory judgment on the
matter, the Group expects new market standard rebating practices to evolve in Poland.
When the Group has clarity on the new emerging standards, the Group’s Polish
businesses will conform their rebating practices accordingly. There is a wide range of
possible outcomes from this review. The Group’s current expectation is that the annual
financial impact is likely to be in the range of £5 million to £15 million and the Group is
working on a number of mitigating strategies.
(b)
In late 2017 the European Commission opened a State Aid investigation into the Group
Financing Exemption contained in the UK controlled foreign company rules, which were
introduced in 2013. In April 2019 the EU announced its finding that the Group Financing
Exemption is partially incompatible with EU State Aid rules. In common with other UK-
based international companies whose intra-group finance arrangements are in line with
the UK’s controlled foreign company rules, the Group is affected by this decision. On
12 February 2021 HMRC issued a charging notice, following the introduction of new
legislation in December 2020 empowering HMRC to issue such Notices in order to
collect allegedly unlawful State Aid. The charging notice requires a payment of £14.2
million with respect to accounting periods ended 2013 to 2018, which was paid in
February 2021, with a further amount of interest estimated at approximately £1.3 million
which is expected to be payable during H2 2021. The payment of this amount is a
procedural matter, and the new law does not allow for postponement. The company
has appealed the charging notice on the grounds of the quantum assessed. Whether
the UK’s Group Financing Exemption regime constitutes State Aid is ultimately to be
decided and the Group awaits a decision of the General Court of the European Union
on this matter. The UK government has filed an annulment application before the
General Court of the European Union. In common with a number of other affected
taxpayers, IPF has also filed its own annulment application. Based on legal advice
received regarding the strength of the technical position set out in the annulment
applications, it is expected to be more likely than not that the payment of allegedly
unlawful State Aid that the Group has made under the charging notice will ultimately be
repaid.
(5)
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA,
PIBOR, WIBOR, PRIBOR, ROBOR, BUBOR, STIBOR or TIIE, which are respectively
provided by the EMMI, the BoE, the EBF, GPW, the CFBF, the MNB, the Swedish Bankers’
V.4.11
CAT C
VI.3 
XIII.4.12 CAT C
IV.13.6
VI.3
IV.8.1
IV.13.7
VI.3
V.6.1(i) CAT B
V.6.1(ii) CAT C

--- Page 162 ---
162
IV.17
VI.4.1
Association and BDM. As at the date of this Prospectus, the EMMI and the CFBF appear on
the EU Benchmarks Register, but not the UK Benchmarks Register. The GPW does not
appear on the UK Benchmarks Register, but does appear on the EU Benchmarks Register.
The BoE, the EBF, the NBR, MNB, the Swedish Bankers’ Association and BDM do not appear
on the EU Benchmarks Register or the UK Benchmarks Register, as benchmarks set by
central banks and certain public authorities are subject to certain exemptions pursuant to
Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and Article 2 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation.
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks
Regulation apply such that none of the EMMI, the CFBF or GPW are currently required to
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the UK, recognition, endorsement or
equivalence) under the UK Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any
administrator under one or both of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer
does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration
status of an administrator. 
(6)
IPF and Provident Financial plc (“Provident Financial”) entered into a demerger agreement
on 25 June 2007 to effect the demerger of IPF from the Provident Financial group and govern
the relationship between their respective groups following the demerger. Pursuant to the
demerger agreement, IPF became the owner of the entire issued share capital of Provident
International Holdings Limited (which was the then holding company of Provident Financial’s
international division) and, thereby, its operating subsidiaries. The demerger agreement
contains mutual indemnities under which IPF indemnifies the Provident Financial group
against certain tax liabilities and liabilities arising in respect of the IPF business which the
Provident Financial group may incur and Provident Financial similarly indemnifies the Group
against certain tax liabilities and liabilities arising in respect of the businesses carried on by
the Provident Financial group which the IPF group may incur. The aim of these indemnities
is to ensure that liabilities arising in respect of the IPF business remains with the IPF business
and liabilities arising in respect of the Provident Financial group remains with the Provident
Financial group. These mutual indemnities are unlimited in terms of amount or duration and
are customary for an agreement of this type.
(7)
Save as disclosed above, there are no material contracts entered into other than in the
ordinary course of the Issuer’s or any of the Guarantors’ business, which could result in any
member of the Issuer’s Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.
(8)
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year and any Coupon and Talon with
respect to such a Bearer Note will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who
holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws,
including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code”.
(9)
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). Interests in the
Notes may also be held through the issuance of CDIs representing the underlying Notes. The
Common Code, the ISIN and (where applicable) the identification number for any other
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and
the address of CREST is Euroclear UK & Ireland, 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. The
address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(10)
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the
relevant Final Terms of each Tranche with the Relevant Competent Authority, based on the
prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance
information in relation to any issues of Notes.
IV.15
VI.3

--- Page 163 ---
163
(11)
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus, the following documents will
be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays
excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer and available at the following website
(www.ipfin.co.uk):
(i)
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer
Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons, and the Talons);
(ii)
the Agency Agreement;
(iii)
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer and the Guarantors;
(iv)
the Issuer’s Annual Report and Financial Statements 2019 containing the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended
31 December 2019 together with the audit report thereon and notes thereto;
(v)
the Issuer’s Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020 containing the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended
31 December 2020 together with the audit report thereon and notes thereto;
(vi)
the Issuer’s Interim Report and Half Year Financial Statements 2021 containing the
unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the half financial year
ended 30 June 2021 together with the notes thereto;
(vii)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Notes which are neither admitted
to trading on an EU Regulated Market or a UK Regulated Market nor offered in the
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Notes
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Issuing and
Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity);
(viii)
a copy of this Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Prospectus; and
(ix)
any reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements by any expert any
part of which is extracted or referred to in this Prospectus or any Supplement to this
Prospectus.
This Prospectus and the Final Terms for EU Notes will be published on the website of
Euronext Dublin at:
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin
This Prospectus and the Final Terms for UK Notes will be published on the website of the
Regulatory News Service operated by the London Stock Exchange at:
http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html 
(12)
The consolidated accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and
31 December 2020 and for the half-year ended 30 June 2021 contained in this Prospectus do
not constitute statutory accounts within the meaning of Section 434 of the Companies Act
2006 (the “Act”). Statutory accounts for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and
31 December 2020 have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in England and Wales.
The Issuer’s auditors have made a report under Section 495 of the Act on the last statutory
accounts that was not qualified within the meaning of Section 539 of the Act and did not
contain a statement made under Section 498(2) or Section 498(3) of the Act. The report of the
Issuer’s auditors contained the following statement: “This report is made solely to the
company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies
Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s
members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a body, for
our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.” 
(13)
Deloitte LLP of 1 City Square, Leeds, LS1 2AL (registered to carry on audit work in the UK
and Ireland by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales) have audited,
and rendered unqualified audit reports on, the accounts of the Issuer for the years ended
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.
IV.2.1
VI.3
IV.13.3.1
PRS.5.4(2)(8)

--- Page 164 ---
164
(14)
The yield for any particular Series of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and
will be calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant Notes were
to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. Set out below is
an example formula for the purposes of calculating the yield of Fixed Rate Notes or Zero
Coupon Notes. The Final Terms in respect of any Floating Rate Notes will not include any
indication of yield.
Where: 
“Rate of Interest” means the Rate of Interest expressed as a percentage as specified in the
applicable Final Terms and adjusted according to the frequency (and in the case of Zero
Coupon Notes, means “0”) i.e. for a semi-annual paying Note, the rate of interest is half the
stated annualised rate of interest in the Final Terms;
“Yield” means the yield to maturity calculated on a frequency commensurate with the
frequency of interest payments as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and in the case of
Zero Coupon Notes, means the Amortisation Yield as specified in the applicable Final Terms);
and
“n” means the number of interest payments to maturity.
Set out below is a worked example illustrating how the yield on a Series of Fixed Rate Notes
could be calculated on the basis of the above formula. It is provided for purposes of illustration
only and should not be taken as an indication or prediction of the yield for any Series of Notes;
it is intended merely to illustrate the way which the above formula could be applied.
Where: 
N = 6
Rate of Interest = 3.875%
Issue Price = 99.392
Final Redemption Amount = 100
Yield = 3.99% (calculated by iteration)
The yield specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes will not be an
indication of future yield.
(15)
The Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI) of the Issuer, IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited are: 
•
IPF: 213800II1O44IRKUZB59
•
IPF Holdings Limited: 213800HUU3B1SDA55136
•
International Personal Finance Investments Limited: 213800AWWPEBJ2AVAO38
•
IPF International Limited: 213800W52VZ5HDX1JW09
•
IPF Digital Group Limited: 213800N3POX3DN5FAM26
(16)
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, the
contents of the Issuer’s website, any website mentioned in this Prospectus or any website
directly or indirectly linked to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of
this Prospectus and investors should not rely on such information. 
V.4.9(i) CAT C,B
XIII.4.10 CAT C
( 1+ Yield)
n   
( 1+ Yield)
n
Yield
Issue Price = Rate of Interest*
1 
+ 
1 
1 
Final Redemption Amount* 
( 1+ Yield)
6
( 1+ Yield)
6
Yield
99.392= 3.875*
1 
=
1 
1 
100*

--- Page 165 ---
165
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
The following is an index that indicates the location in this Prospectus where certain terms have been
defined.
£ ....................................................................4
£m ................................................................4
€ ....................................................................4
€m ................................................................4
$ ....................................................................4
$m ................................................................4
30/360 ......................................................112
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................112
30E/360 ....................................................112
360/360 ....................................................112
Acceptance Statement ..........................40, 92
Act ......................................................87, 163
Actual/360 ................................................111
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................111
Actual/365 (Sterling) ................................111
Actual/Actual – ISDA ................................111
Actual/Actual ............................................111
Actual/Actual-ICMA ..................................113
Agency Agreement,.. ..................................97
Alternative Clearing System......................131
Alternative Performance Measures ............57
APM ............................................................57
APR ......................................................10, 68
Arranger ........................................................1
Authorised Offeror Contract ........................92
Authorised Offeror Terms............................90
Authorised Offerors ....................................89
Bank ..........................................................121
Bearer Notes ..............................................97
Bond Basis ................................................112
business day ......................................99, 123
Business Day ............................................111
Calculation Agent(s)....................................97
Calculation Period ....................................111
CCD ............................................................68
CDI Holders ................................................29
CDIs ............................................................29
Certificate ..................................................131
Certificates ..................................................98
CGNs ........................................................131
Change of Control ....................................118
Change of Control Period..........................120
Change of Control Put Date ......................119
Change of Control Put Event Notice ........119
Change of Control Put Event ....................118
Change of Control Put Notice....................119
Change of Control Put Option ..................118
Change of Control Put Period ..................119
Classic Global Notes ................................131
Clearstream, Luxembourg ........................131
CNB ............................................................81
commercially reasonable evidence, .........138
Common Depositary..................................131
Common Safekeeper ................................131
Condition ....................................97, 140, 151
Consolidated EBITDA ......................101, 126
Consolidated Interest Payable ..................101
Consolidated Net Worth ............................101
Consolidated Total Borrowings ................102
Couponholders............................................97
Coupons......................................................97
CREST Deed Poll........................................29
CREST Depository......................................29
CREST International Settlement 
Links Service ..............................................30
CREST Manual ..........................................30
CREST Nominee ........................................29
CREST Rules..............................................30
CREST ........................................................29
Czech Act on Banks....................................82
Czech Capital Markets Act..........................81
D1 ......................................................112, 113
D2 ......................................................112, 113
Day Count Fraction ..................................111

--- Page 166 ---
166
Dealers..........................................................1
Dealer Agreement ......................................77
Definitive Notes ........................................133
Designated Territory....................................85
Determination Date ..........................113, 117
Determination Period ................................122
Electronic Consent ....................................137
EEA ..............................................2, 139, 150
EU ..............................................................10
EUR ..............................................................4
euro ..............................................................4
Eurobond Basis ........................................112
Euroclear ..................................................131
Euro-zone..................................................113
EU Benchmarks Regulation ..........5, 144, 156 
EU CRA Regulation ......................................4
EU PRIIPS Regulation ..............................139
EU Prospectus Regulation ............2, 139, 150 
Event of Default ........................................124
Exchange Date..........................................133
Exercise Notice ........................................118
Facilities Agreement..................................128
FATCA ......................................................121
FCA ..............................................................2
Final Terms ..................................................2
Financial Centres ......................................123
Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act ......................................80
Fitch ..........................................................120
FSCS ......................................................5, 27
FSMA ....................................................4, 150
General Consent ..................................40, 90
Global Certificates ....................................131
Global Notes..............................................131
Governance Code ......................................61
Gross Tangible Assets ......................102, 126
Group ..............................2, 41, 100, 102, 126
Guarantee ........................................2, 31, 99
Guarantor ................................................2, 31
Guarantors ........................................2, 31, 97
holder ..........................................................98
Hungarian Banking Act................................83
Hungarian Capital Markets Act....................92
IFRS 7 ..............................................102, 126
IFRS 9 ..............................................102, 127
IFRS ............................................57, 102, 126
Initial Rating ..............................................120
Insurance Distribution Directive ....3, 139, 150
Interest Accrual Period..............................113
Interest Amount ........................................113
Interest Commencement Date ..................114
Interest Determination Date ......................114
Interest Period Date ..................................114
Interest Period ..........................................114
interest ......................................................124
Investor’s Currency ....................................28
Investor........................................................89
IPF ....................................................2, 31, 41
IPF Management ........................................15
IPFIL............................................................38
ISDA Definitions ........................................114
ISIN ..........................................................134
Issue Date ..................................................97
Issuer ..........................................2, 31, 93, 97
Issuing and Paying Agent............................97
M1 ......................................................112, 113
M2 ......................................................112, 113
Material Subsidiary....................................127
Mexico ........................................................84
MiFID II..........................................2, 139, 150
Moneys Borrowed ............................102, 127
Moody’s ................................................4, 120
n ................................................................164
NBH ............................................................82
NBR ........................................................5, 84
Negative Rating Event ..............................120
NGN ........................................................131
Noteholder ..................................................98
Notes ......................................................2, 92
Offer Period ..................................................8
ORB ............................................................28
Paying Agents ............................................97
Permanent Global Note ............................131
Permitted Security Interest........................100

--- Page 167 ---
167
Polish Act on Offerings................................81
principal ....................................................124
Proceedings ..............................................130
Programme....................................................2
Prospectus ..............................2, 92, 140, 151 
Provident Financial....................................162
Public Offering ............................................81
Rate of Interest..................................114, 164
Rating Agency ..........................................120
Record Date ..............................................121
Reference Banks ......................................114
Reference Rate ........................................114
Register ......................................................98
Registered Notes ........................................97
Registrar......................................................97
Relevant Announcement Date ..................118
Relevant Date............................................123
Relevant Financial Centre ........................114
Relevant Group ........................................127
Relevant Indebtedness..............................100
Relevant State ............................................78
Relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement..............................120
Relevant Screen Page ..............................114
Relevant Time ..........................................114
RFSA ..........................................................83
Rolling Twelve Months ..............................102
Romanian Banking Law ..............................84
Romanian Capital Markets Laws ................83
Rules ..........................................................90
S&P ..........................................................120
Securities Act ..........................................6, 77
Security Interest ..........................................99
Semi-Annual Date ....................................102
Slovak Act on Banks ..................................82
Slovak Bonds Act ........................................82
Slovak Securities and Investment Act ........82
Slovak Stock Exchange Act ........................82
Specific Consent ..................................40, 90
Specified Currency....................................114
sterling ..........................................................4
Subsidiary..................................100, 102, 127
Substitute Rating Agency..........................120
Talons..........................................................97
TARGET Business Day ............................111
TARGET System ......................................114
Temporary Global Note ............................131
Tranche ......................................................97
Transfer Agents ..........................................97
Trust Deed ............................................39, 97
Trustee ..................................................39, 97
UK Benchmarks Regulation ..........6, 145, 156 
UK CRA Regulation ......................................5 
UK PRIIPS Regulation ..........................4, 150 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................2
UK Public Offer..................................3, 79, 93
UK Public Offers..........................................89 
Underlying Notes ........................................29
Y1 ..............................................................112
Y2 ..............................................................112
Year-End Date ..........................................102
Yield ..........................................................164

--- Page 168 ---
Registered Office of the Issuer
International Personal Finance plc
Number Three
Leeds City Office Park
Meadow Lane
Leeds LS11 5BD
Registered Office of the Guarantors
IPF Holdings Limited
International Personal
IPF International Limited
Number Three
Finance Investments
Number Three
Leeds City Office Park
Limited
Leeds City Office Park
Meadow Lane
Number Three
Meadow Lane
Leeds LS11 5BD
Leeds City Office Park
Leeds LS11 5BD
Meadow Lane
Leeds LS11 5BD
IPF Digital Group Limited
Number Three
Leeds City Office Park
Meadow Lane
Leeds LS11 5BD
Arranger
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London 
E14 5HQ
Dealers
HSBC Bank plc
Peel Hunt LLP
8 Canada Square
100 Liverpool Street
Canary Wharf
London EC2M 2AT
London E14 5HQ
Banco Santander, S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander
Avenida de Cantabria s/n
Edificio Encinar, Planta Baja, 28660,
Boadilla del Monte, Madrid, 
Spain

--- Page 169 ---
Issuing and Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Transfer Agent,
Calculation Agent and Registrar
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5HQ
Trustee
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c.
8th Floor
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG
Auditors to the Issuer and the Guarantors
Deloitte LLP
1 City Square
Leeds LS1 2AL
Legal Advisers
To the Issuer as to 
To the Dealers and the 
English law
Trustee as to English law
Slaughter and May
Linklaters LLP
One Bunhill Row
One Silk Street
London EC1Y 8YY
London EC2Y 8HQ
IV.16.1