--- Page 1 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- i - 
47-41006023 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a società per azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
as Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. and Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A., as Guarantor (where indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
and 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland under registered number 125216) 
as Issuer 
and 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A.  
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a credit institution and registered with the register of trade and 
companies of Luxembourg under number  B13859) 
as Issuer 
€70,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €70,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. ("Intesa Sanpaolo" or the "Bank"), Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. ("INSPIRE") and Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
("Intesa Luxembourg") (together, the "Issuers" and, each of them, an "Issuer") may issue notes ("Notes") on a continuing basis to one or more of the 
Dealers named on page 1 and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall be, in the case of an issue of Notes to more than one Dealer, to the lead manager of 
such issue and, in the case of an issue of Notes to one Dealer, to such Dealer. The Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo may be governed by English law (the 
"English Law Notes") or by Italian law (the "Italian Law Notes" and together with the English Law Notes, the "Notes"). In the case of INSPIRE and 
Intesa Luxembourg, all notes issued shall be English Law Notes. 
Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuers may issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer. The minimum denomination of 
all Notes issued under the Programme shall be €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the Notes). The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€70,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" (the "Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes") or "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" (the "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes" and, together with the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche 
called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms 
and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
The English Law Notes will be constituted by an amended and restated trust deed dated 22 December 2020 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the "Trust Deed") between the Issuers and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the "Trustee"). In respect of the Italian Law 
Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of an agency agreement dated 
22 December 2020 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes"). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg ("Guaranteed Notes") will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Intesa Sanpaolo pursuant to the Trust Deed and the relevant Deed of Guarantee (as defined herein). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors" below. 
Intesa Sanpaolo  may offer and sell the Notes to or through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly 
to purchasers. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority 
in Luxembourg as a base prospectus under article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Application has been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU. In addition, pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers have requested the 
CSSF to issue a certificate of approval of this Base Prospectus, together with a copy of this Base Prospectus, to the Central Bank of Ireland in its capacity 
as competent authority in Ireland. Under the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019, on prospectuses for securities, which applies the Prospectus Regulation 
(the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), prospectuses relating to money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and 
complying also with the definition of securities referred to at Article 2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation are not subject to the approval provisions of Part 
II of such law. The CSSF will grant approval on this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers. As referred to in Article 6(4) 
of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, by approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not 
engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the issuer, and such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Potential investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval, and its expiry date is 22 
December 2021. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
The Programme also allows for Notes to be unlisted or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may also be rated or unrated. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
the relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (or is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in accordance with the Regulation)

--- Page 2 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- ii - 
47-41006023 
 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") is obliged to maintain on its website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
Interest amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to EURIBOR, LIBOR or CMS, or such other reference rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR and CMS) and 
the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI", as administrator of EURIBOR) are included in the European Securities and Markets Authority's 
("ESMA's") register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
Amounts payable on Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to CPI, HICP and RPI (each as defined below). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrators of CPI, HICP and RPI are not included on ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, CPI, HICP and RPI do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
Regulation. No Notes linked to an underlying index composed by the Issuers or the Group will be issued under this Programme. 
 
Joint Arrangers 
Deutsche Bank 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
 
 
Dealers 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Credit Suisse 
HSBC 
Goldman Sachs International  
J.P. Morgan 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Natixis 
Morgan Stanley 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
NatWest Markets 
 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 December 2020

--- Page 3 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- iii - 
47-41006023 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for each Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Any person (an "Investor") intending to acquire or acquiring any securities from any person (an "Offeror") 
should be aware that, in the context of an offer to the public as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Issuer may be responsible to the Investor for the Base Prospectus only if the Issuer is acting in association 
with that Offeror to make the offer to the Investor. Each Investor should therefore verify with the Offeror 
whether or not the Offeror is acting in association with the Issuer. If the Offeror is not acting in association 
with the Issuer, the Investor should check with the Offeror whether anyone is responsible for the Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in the context of the offer to the 
public, and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on the Base 
Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should seek legal advice. 
Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg accept responsibility for the information contained 
herein. To the best of the knowledge of each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg, having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this document is in 
accordance with the facts and this document does not omit anything likely to affect the importance of such 
information. 
The previous paragraph should be read in conjunction with the second paragraph above. Subject to the 
provision of each applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES FROM AN OFFEROR 
WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF THE NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY AN OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN 
PLACE BETWEEN SUCH OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY 
TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH INVESTORS (OTHER THAN THE DEALERS) IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. THE ISSUER HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY TO AN 
INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto along with any 
other information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Information 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg have confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus 
(including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which is (in the context of 
the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) material; that such 
information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that 
any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading 
in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make 
such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all 
proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to disclose any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg or such other 
information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not

--- Page 4 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- iv - 
47-41006023 
 
be relied upon as having been authorised by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg, the Trustee or 
any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and 
none of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa 
Luxembourg and Intesa Sanpaolo's other consolidated subsidiaries (the "Intesa Sanpaolo Group" or the 
"Group") since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Any persons into whose possession of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa 
Luxembourg and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale". In particular, neither the Notes nor the guarantee thereof have been or will be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are both subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to U.S. persons. Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and neither should they be considered as a recommendation by Intesa Sanpaolo, 
INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg, the Trustee, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg and the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €70,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale")). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time 
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent that sub-paragraph (ii) below 
may apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United 
Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in 
that Relevant Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuers or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, if applicable, approved in another 
Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State and (in either 
case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by Final Terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State and such offer is made in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuers have consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the

--- Page 5 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- v - 
47-41006023 
 
extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuers nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the relevant 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Renminbi is currently not freely convertible and the conversion of Renminbi through banks outside the 
PRC is subject to certain restrictions. Investors should be reminded of the conversion risk with 
Renminbi-denominated 
products. 
In 
addition, 
there 
is 
a 
liquidity 
risk 
associated 
with 
Renminbi-denominated products, particularly if such investments do not have an active secondary market 
and their prices have large bid/offer spreads. Renminbi-denominated products are denominated and settled 
in Renminbi available outside the PRC, which represents a market which is different from that of Renminbi 
available in the PRC. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "U.S." or "USD" are to United States dollars, references to "STG" or 
"£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "EUR", "euro", "euros" or "€" are to 
the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union and as 
defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, 
as amended, references to "Renminbi" and "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of 
China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the 
Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) (the "PRC") and 
references to "S$" are to the lawful currency of Singapore. References to a "regulated market" have the 
meaning given to that expression by Article 14 of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
IMPORTANT – EEA and UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA and UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA") or in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the UK may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309(B)(1) of the SFA.

--- Page 6 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- vi - 
47-41006023 
 
The relevant Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant 
persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 
309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding 
markets and market share of the Issuer or the Group are either derived from, or are based on, internal data 
or publicly available data from external sources. In addition, the sources for the rating information set out 
in the sections headed Ratings of this Base Prospectus are the following rating agencies: Moody's Investors 
Service España, S.A., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and DBRS 
Rating GmbH (each as defined below). In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been 
extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer 
believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information 
provided by such sources.

--- Page 7 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- vii - 
47-41006023 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the surviving entity from the merger between Banca Intesa S.p.A. and Sanpaolo IMI 
S.p.A., which was completed with effect from 1 January 2007. Pursuant to the merger, Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
merged by incorporation into Banca Intesa S.p.A. which, upon completion of the merger, changed its name 
to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. Accordingly, in this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
references to "Intesa Sanpaolo" are to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. in respect of the period since 1 
January 2007 and references to the "Intesa Sanpaolo Group" are to Intesa Sanpaolo and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period; 
(ii) 
references to "Banca Intesa" or "Intesa" are to Banca Intesa S.p.A. in respect of the period prior 
to 1 January 2007 and references to the "Banca Intesa Group" are to Banca Intesa and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period; and 
(iii) 
references to "Sanpaolo IMI" are to Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. in respect of the period prior to 1 January 
2007 and references to "Sanpaolo IMI Group" are to Sanpaolo IMI and its subsidiaries in respect 
of the same period.

--- Page 8 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- viii - 
47-41006023 
 
***CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 11 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 41 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS ............................................................................. 47 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 48 
MONTE TITOLI NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ........................................................... 54 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES .......................................................... 106 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............ 152 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 154 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO S.P.A. ................................................................................. 172 
REGULATORY SECTION ..................................................................................................................... 202 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP ........ 218 
INTESA SANPAOLO CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31.12.2019 ............ 224 
INTESA SANPAOLO CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31.12.2019 ............ 225 
INTESA SANPAOLO CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED 31.12.2019 ................................................................................................................................. 226 
INTESA SANPAOLO CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET AS AT 30.06.2020 . 228 
INTESA SANPAOLO CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET AS AT 30.06.2020 . 229 
INTESA SANPAOLO CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE 
SIX MONTHS ENDED 30.06.2020 ........................................................................................................ 230 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. ................................................... 232 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO INTESA SANPAOLO BANK 
IRELAND P.L.C. ..................................................................................................................................... 235 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND p.l.c. ANNUAL BALANCE SHEETS ................................. 236 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND p.l.c. ANNUAL INCOME STATEMENTS ......................... 237 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND p.l.c. HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEETS ...................... 238 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND p.l.c. HALF YEARLY INCOME STATEMENTS .............. 239 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG ................................................... 240 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG  OVERVIEW OF THE ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2019 .......................................................................................... 244 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG  OVERVIEW OF THE ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2019 .......................................................................................... 245 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG  ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019 ................................... 246 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG  ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019 ................................... 247 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG  CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2019 .......................................................................................... 248 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG  CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2019 .......................................................................................... 249 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG  CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019
 .................................................................................................................................................................. 250 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG  CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019
 .................................................................................................................................................................. 251

--- Page 9 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- ix - 
47-41006023 
 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 252 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS RELATING TO RENMINBI .............................................................. 278 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 279 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 285 
ANNEX 1 FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES .................... 290

--- Page 10 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 1 - 
47-41006023 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended) and must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus 
as a whole, including any information incorporated by reference. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information 
incorporated by reference. Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" 
shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes and any reference to a "Condition" shall be to both a Condition under the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes. 
Issuers: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A., a public limited liability 
company (société anonyme), incorporated under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg as a credit institution, having its registered office 
at 19-21, Boulevard Prince Henri, 1724 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of 
Luxembourg under number B. 13.859. 
Issuers' Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 
635400PSMCTBZD9XNS47 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg 
S.A.  
549300H62SNDRT0PS319 
 
Guarantor: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg). 
Joint Arrangers: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Goldman 
Sachs 
International, 
HSBC 
Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan Securities plc, 
J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Natixis, Société 
Générale, NatWest Markets Plc, NatWest Markets N.V., UBS AG 
London Branch, UBS Europe SE and any other Dealer appointed from 
time to time by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Trustee (for the English 
Law Notes): 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Registrar and Transfer 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.

--- Page 11 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 2 - 
47-41006023 
 
Luxembourg Listing 
Agent: 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Listing, approval and 
admission to trading: 
This document has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the Trustee, with notification to the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to 
the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
Pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF may at the 
request of any Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European 
Economic Area Member State or the United Kingdom (i) a copy of this 
Base Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval attesting that this Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation (an "Attestation Certificate"). At the date hereof the Issuers 
have requested the CSSF to send an Attestation Certificate and copy of 
this Base Prospectus to the Central Bank of Ireland in its capacity as 
competent authority in Ireland. The CSSF shall notify ESMA about the 
Attestation Certificate at the same time as such notification is made to the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable 
in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and 
conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche of 
Notes will be set out in the Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be 
delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli") 
and/or any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €70,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed (if applicable) at 
any one time. The Issuers may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all 
be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the issue price and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of 
different denominations. See also "Taxation - Italian Taxation - Fungible 
issues". 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (i) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (ii) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are the Terms and Conditions for the English

--- Page 12 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 3 - 
47-41006023 
 
Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes will be issued as Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes and Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes. No single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer 
Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Bearer Notes 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether each Global Note is to be issued in New Global Note or 
Classic Global Note form (as each such term is defined in the section 
entitled "Forms of the Notes" below). Each Global Note in bearer form (a 
"Bearer Global Note") which is intended to be issued in Classic Global 
Note form will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Bearer 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in New Global Note form will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary 
Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for 
further Coupons. 
 
Registered Notes 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by individual 
certificates ("Individual Note Certificates") or one or more Global Notes 
in registered form ("Global Registered Notes"), in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Note represented by Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the 
case of a Global Registered Note which is not to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (as such term is defined in the section entitled 
"Forms of Notes" below), registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered 
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary; or (b) in the case of a Global Registered Note to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
With respect to the Registered Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE 
and/or Intesa Luxembourg, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. will keep a 
register of the holders of the Registered Notes at its offices in 19-21

--- Page 13 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 4 - 
47-41006023 
 
Boulevard Prince Henri, 1724 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
With respect to the Registered Notes issued by INSPIRE, INSPIRE will 
keep an INSPIRE Duplicate Register at its registered office in accordance 
with Condition 3(e) (Title to Registered Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes. 
 
Monte Titoli Notes 
 
Notes which are specified in the relevant Final Terms as having Monte 
Titoli as a clearing system ("Monte Titoli Notes") will be held on behalf 
of the beneficial owners thereof, from their date of issue until their 
redemption, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
account holders. The expression "Monte Titoli account holder" means 
any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli and includes any financial 
intermediary appointed by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
the account of participants in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Guarantee of the English 
Law Notes: 
Under the Trust Deed, if the English Law Notes are issued from time to 
time by Intesa Luxembourg and/or INSPIRE, as stated in the relevant 
Final Terms, Intesa Sanpaolo shall enter into a Deed of Guarantee under 
which payment of all amounts due from time to time in respect of such 
Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg shall have the benefit 
of such Deed of Guarantee. Each Deed of Guarantee is in favour of the 
Trustee only as trustee for the holders of the Notes (as defined in the 
relevant Deed of Guarantee) which shall have the benefit of the Deed of 
Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent guarantee 
relating to other issues under the Programme (unless expressly so 
provided in any such subsequent guarantee). 
According to the Trust Deed, under each Deed of Guarantee the Guarantor 
shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee to the Trustee the due and 
punctual payment of all sums expressed to be payable by INSPIRE and/or 
Intesa Luxembourg in respect of the relevant Notes or Coupons under the 
Trust Deed, as and when the same becomes due and payable, whether at 
maturity, upon early redemption, upon acceleration or otherwise, 
according to the terms of the Trust Deed and the relevant Notes and 
Coupons. In case of the failure of the relevant Issuer to pay any such sum 
as and when the same shall become due and payable, the Guarantor shall 
cause such payment to be made as and when the same becomes due and 
payable, whether at maturity, upon early redemption, upon acceleration 
or otherwise, as if the payment were made by the relevant Issuer. Any 
such payment made by the Guarantor will discharge the relevant Issuer of 
the obligation to pay such sum. 
Under each Deed of Guarantee the Guarantor shall covenant in favour of 
the Trustee that it will duly perform and comply with the obligations 
expressed to be undertaken by it in the terms and conditions of the English 
Law Notes issued by INSPIRE and/or Intesa Luxembourg. See also " – 
Status of Guarantee" and " – Governing Law". 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such compliance, be made 
in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than the currency in 
which such Notes are denominated. 
Status of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either on a senior basis ("Senior Preferred Notes") 
or, in the case of Intesa Sanpaolo only, on a senior non-preferred basis

--- Page 14 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 5 - 
47-41006023 
 
("Senior Non-Preferred Notes") or on a subordinated basis 
("Subordinated Notes") as described herein. 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
The status of the Senior Preferred Notes is described in Condition 4(a) 
(Status - Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 4(a) (Status - Senior Preferred Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo may be issued as Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes as described in Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) and Condition 4(b) (Status - Senior Non-
Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes. 
Subordinated Notes: 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo may be issued as Subordinated Notes as 
described in Condition 4(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa 
Sanpaolo) and Condition 4(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Status of Guarantee of the 
English Law Notes: 
The Guarantee given by Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of English Law Notes 
issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, upon the entering into of a 
deed of guarantee in the form set out in the Trust Deed, is described in 
Condition 5 (Status of the Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by current 
laws, regulations, directives and/or the Circular No. 285 applicable to the 
issue of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years (or, if issued for an indefinite duration, redemption 
of such Notes may only occur five years after their date of issue). 
Where Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg have a maturity of less than 
one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by Intesa 
Luxembourg in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the 
Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by Intesa 
Luxembourg in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued 
in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by Intesa 
Luxembourg. See "Subscription and Sale". 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation, early redemption or repayment 
(where, as applicable, the Notes will redeemed at their Redemption 
Amount (as defined in the Conditions), Notes will be redeemed at par. 
Notes may also be redeemable in two or more instalments on such dates 
and in such manner as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The redemption of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall be subject, to the extent such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to

--- Page 15 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 6 - 
47-41006023 
 
meet the MREL Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant to 
Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, 
to the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR. 
Under CRR, the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to 
the following conditions: (i) the Issuer has obtained the prior permission 
of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR; (ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, 
compliance with the conditions set out Article 78(4) of the CRR or the 
Capital Instruments Regulation. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Maturities" 
above. 
Redemption for Indexation 
Reasons: 
Inflation linked interest notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is no appropriate alternative index in relation to 
Inflation Linked Notes, on giving notice to Noteholders, the Issuer shall 
redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation 
Linked Notes, each Inflation Linked Note being redeemed or cancelled, 
as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders. Any such redemption shall be subject, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, to the prior consent of the Relevant Authority and, 
in the case of any Notes, to the circumstances described in "Redemption" 
above. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Noteholders or, as the case may be, the relevant Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any 
such redemption shall be subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to 
the prior consent of the Relevant Authority and, in the case of any Notes, 
to the circumstances described in "Redemption" above. 
Regulatory Call: 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Subordinated Notes 
may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of Intesa 
Sanpaolo if any change in Italian Law or Applicable Banking Regulations 
or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof, such 
Subordinated Notes are excluded in whole or, to the extent permitted by 
the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part from regulatory treatment as 
Tier 2 Capital. Such optional redemption may only be at the option of 
Intesa Sanpaolo and is subject to any necessary prior consent thereto 
having been obtained from the Relevant Authority. 
MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event applies, Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of Intesa Sanpaolo if the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. Any such

--- Page 16 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 7 - 
47-41006023 
 
redemption shall be subject to the circumstances described in 
"Redemption" above. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" and "Regulatory Call" 
above, early redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 10(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. Any such 
redemption shall be subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the prior 
consent of the Relevant Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the 
circumstances described in "Redemption" above. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a variable rate or, in the 
case of Inflation Linked Notes, be linked to an index (as described in 
Condition 8 (Inflation Linked Note) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 8 (Inflation Linked Note) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes), and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, (see "Maturities" 
above) and save that, subject to minimum denominations of Notes to be 
issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg as described below, the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the Economic Area or the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 and, in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, €250,000 (or the equivalent amount where the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro). 
 
So long as the clearing systems so permit, Notes may in certain 
circumstances and subject to any minimum denomination applicable to 
Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg be issued in 
denominations representing the aggregate of (i) a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) plus (ii) integral multiples 
of another smaller amount, and such Notes may be traded in amounts 
which, although greater than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent). In 
such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
a principal amount of less than €100,000 will not receive a definitive Note 
in respect of such holding (if definitive Notes are printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal 
to one or more Specified Denominations. 
 
Notes which are issued or to be issued by INSPIRE (i) which are not listed 
on a stock exchange and do not mature within two years of the date of 
issue must have a minimum denomination of €500,000 or its equivalent, 
and (ii) which are not listed on a stock exchange and mature within two 
years of the date of issue if denominated in euro must have a minimum 
denomination of €500,000, if denominated in U.S. dollars must have a 
minimum denomination of U.S. $500,000 or if denominated in a currency 
other than euro or U.S. dollars must have a minimum denomination 
equivalent to €500,000 at the date the Programme is first publicised. In 
every case (including the foregoing), subject to compliance with all

--- Page 17 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 8 - 
47-41006023 
 
applicable legal and/or tax and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes issued under this Programme prior to 13 October 
2005, have the benefit of a negative pledge provision in the following 
terms: 
 
"The Issuer and (where applicable) the Guarantor will not, so long as any 
of the Notes remains outstanding, create or permit to subsist (other than 
by operation by law) any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of 
its undertakings, assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any 
External Indebtedness or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any 
External Indebtedness unless: 
 
(a) 
the same Security Interest shall forthwith be extended equally 
and rateably to the Notes to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
 
(b) 
such other Security Interest is provided as the Trustee shall in its 
absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the 
interests of the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, 
 
provided that nothing in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor from: 
 
(i) 
creating or permitting to subsist (a) any Security Interest upon, or 
with respect to, any of its present or future assets or revenues or 
any part thereof which is created pursuant to any securitisation, 
asset backed financing or like arrangement and whereby all 
payment obligations in respect of the External Indebtedness or 
any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of the External 
Indebtedness, as the case may be, secured by such Security 
Interest or having the benefit of such secured guarantee or other 
indemnity, are to be discharged solely from such asset or 
revenues; or 
 
(ii) 
permitting to subsist any Security Interest upon or with respect to 
any assets or revenues which are acquired by the Issuer or (where 
applicable) the Guarantor subsequent to the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the relevant Notes as a consequence of the merger 
of any entity into or with the Issuer or (where applicable) the 
Guarantor and which Security Interest is in existence at the time 
of such acquisition provided that such Security Interest was not 
created in contemplation of such acquisition or such merger and 
the principal amount secured at the time of such acquisition is not 
subsequently increased." 
 
As used herein: 
 
"External Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness for 
borrowed money in the form of, or represented by bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan capital, certificates of deposit, loan stock or other like 
instruments or securities (a) which is or are intended to be quoted, listed 
or ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, automated trading 
system, over-the-counter or other established securities market (for which 
purpose any such indebtedness shall not be regarded as intended to be so 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded if the terms of issue thereof 
expressly provide to the contrary), (b) which by its terms is payable, or 
may be required to be paid, three years or more from the date of issue and

--- Page 18 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 9 - 
47-41006023 
 
(c) more than 60 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of which is 
initially distributed by or with the authorisation of the issuer thereof 
outside the Republic of Italy; and 
 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other 
security interest." 
 
Outstanding Senior Preferred Notes issued prior to 13 October 2005 will 
continue to benefit from such negative pledge provision up to maturity, as 
will Senior Preferred Notes issued after 13 October 2005 which are to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with Senior Preferred Notes 
issued prior to that date. Otherwise, Senior Preferred Notes issued after 
13 October 2005 will not have the benefit of this provision. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes or made under 
the Guarantee of the Notes by the relevant Issuer, in case of payments 
under the Notes, or the Guarantor, in case of payments under the 
Guarantee, will be made free and clear of withholding taxes in the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the relevant Issuer or Guarantor, as the 
case may be, unless the withholding is required by law. In that event, the 
relevant Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be will (subject as provided 
in Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 11 (Taxation) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the relevant Issuer 
shall not be liable in certain circumstances to pay any additional amounts 
to holders of the Notes with respect to any payment, withholding or 
deduction pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 
on account of substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva, as defined therein) in 
relation to interest payable in respect of any Notes. 
 
In addition, Notes are subject to a withholding tax at the rate of 26 per 
cent. per annum in respect of interest and premium (if any) on Notes that 
qualify as atypical securities (pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended). Intesa Sanpaolo will not be liable to pay 
any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any such 
withholding, as more fully specified in Condition 12 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 11 
(Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be 
redenominated in euro. If so, the wording of the redenomination clause 
will be set out in full in the applicable Final Terms. 
Modification or 
Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of Subordinated Notes, 
(i) in the case of the English Law Notes, substitute new notes for the 
Subordinated Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the 
Subordinated Notes, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes, as fully 
specified in Condition 17(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or (ii) in the case of the Italian Law Notes, vary the terms of 
the Subordinated Notes, as fully specified in Condition 16(d) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Modification or 
Substitution of Senior 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) in the case of the English Law 
Notes, substitute new notes for the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-

--- Page 19 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 10 - 
47-41006023 
 
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes: 
Preferred Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as fully specified 
in Condition 17(g) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or (ii) in the case of the Italian Law Notes, or vary the terms of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as fully specified in 
Condition 16(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Governing Law of the 
English Law Notes and the 
Guarantee: 
The Trust Deed and the rights and obligations in respect of the English 
Law Notes and the Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with each of the foregoing, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that the status 
provisions applicable to the English Law Notes and the contractual 
recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with such provisions, shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law, Irish law or 
Luxembourgish law, as applicable. 
Each Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with it are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg 
law on commercial companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended from 
time to time (the "Luxembourg Company Law") shall not apply. 
Governing Law of the 
Italian Law Notes: 
The Notes and the Coupons and any non contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Italian Law Notes and the Coupons, will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Ratings: 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant 
Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, EEA and UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (or is endorsed 
and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency 
in accordance with the Regulation). 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including the Republic of Italy, Ireland, France 
and Luxembourg), the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, the People's 
Republic of China, Singapore and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below. 
Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Notes to or through one or more 
underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly to 
purchasers.

--- Page 20 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 11 - 
47-41006023 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers believe that the following risk factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these risk factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur and the Issuers are not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers believe that the risk factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuers based on information currently available to them or which they may not 
currently be able to anticipate. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuers that are not 
currently known to the Issuers, or that the Issuers currently deem immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the Issuers. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information 
incorporated by reference. Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" 
shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes and any reference to a "Condition" shall be to both a Condition under the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuers 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and obtain a 
better appreciation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the Notes 
issued and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuers deem that the following risk factors could 
affect the ability of the same to satisfy their obligations arising from the Notes. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group; 
Risks related to legal proceedings; 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation on the 
solution of banking crises; and 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles. 
Risks related to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Risk exposure to debt Securities issued by sovereign States 
As at 30 June 2020, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to approximately €90 billion, 
increased compared to approximately €86 billion as at 31 December 2019. On the same date, the 
investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries corresponded to €125 billion, compared to 
€121 billion at the end of 2019.

--- Page 21 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 12 - 
47-41006023 
 
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as Italy's rating downgrading 
or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, might have negative effects on the assets, the economic 
and/or financial situation, the operational results and the perspectives of the Bank. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group results is and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to Italy and certain 
major European Countries. 
As at 30 June 2020, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to approximately €90 billion (10.4% 
of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately €10 billion represented by 
investments. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries 
corresponded to €125 billion (14.6% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added 
approximately €12 billion represented by loans.  
At the end of 2019, the exposure to securities issued by Italy corresponded to approximately €86 billion 
(10.5% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately €11 billion represented 
by investments. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries 
corresponded to €121 billion (14.8% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added 
approximately  €12 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central 
banks and other public entities represented approximately 46% of the total financial assets. 
At the end of 2018, the exposure to securities issued by Italy corresponded to approximately €76 billion 
(9.6% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately  €12 billion represented 
by investments. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU Countries 
corresponded to €101 billion (12.8% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added 
approximately  €13 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central 
banks and other public entities represented approximately 44.4% of the total financial assets. 
The tensions in the market of Government Bonds and their volatility, in particular with reference to the 
spread of the performance of Italian bonds compared to other benchmark government bonds may have 
negative effects on the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. 
Furthermore, the downgrading of Italy's rating, or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, could 
make the markets unstable and have negative impacts on the operational results, financial conditions and 
perspectives of the Bank. 
For further information please refer to Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial 
statements for 2019, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
As at 30 June 2020, there were a total of about 26,000 disputes pending, other than tax disputes, (excluding 
those involving Risanamento S.p.A. and Autostrade Lombarde S.p.A., which are not subject to management 
and coordination by Intesa Sanpaolo) with a total remedy sought of  €5,622 million. This amount includes 
all outstanding disputes, regardless of the estimated risk of a disbursement of financial resources resulting 
from a potential negative outcome and therefore also includes disputes with a remote risk. The risks 
associated with the above disputes have been thoroughly analysed by the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group companies involved. Specific and appropriate provisions have been made to the allowances for risks 
and charges in the event of disputes for which there is an estimated probability of a disbursement of more 
than 50% and where the amount of the disbursement may be reliably estimated (disputes with likely risk). 
These disputes amount to around 11,600 with a remedy sought of €1,815 million and provisions of €589 
million. The part relating to Intesa Sanpaolo is around 5,100 disputes with a remedy sought of €1,451 
million and provisions of €441 million, the part relating to other Italian subsidiaries is around 500 disputes 
with a remedy sought of €254 million and provisions of €93 million, and the part relating to the 
international subsidiaries is around 6,000 disputes with a remedy sought of €110 million and provisions of 
€55 million. 
The risk arising from legal proceedings consists of the possibility of the Bank being obliged to pay any sum 
in case of unfavourable outcome. 
The most common legal disputes are related to invalidity, cancellation, inefficacy actions or compensation 
for damages as a consequence of transactions related to the ordinary banking and financial activity carried 
out by the Bank.

--- Page 22 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 13 - 
47-41006023 
 
For any individual assessment regarding legal disputes please refer to the section titled "Legal Proceedings" 
of this Base Prospectus. Such paragraph also includes information concerning the disputes on the marketing 
of convertible and/or subordinated shares/bonds issued by Banca Popolare di Vicenza or Veneto Banca, 
which filled against respectively Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (both subsequently merged by 
incorporation in Intesa Sanpaolo). 
In this respect, the Bank would like to highlight that, as of 31 December 2018, the Arbitrator for Financial 
Controversies accepted no. 88 appeals from Banca Nuova's clients, whose claims aimed the shares of Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza, as well as no. 108 appeals submitted by the clients of Banca Apulia whose claims 
aimed the shares of Veneto Banca. Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (both now Intesa Sanpaolo) have not 
executed the decisions as in compliance with the provisions of Decision C(2017) 4501 of the European 
Commission on State Aid – every liability in relation to the marketing of shares of ex Venetian banks shall 
be borne exclusively by Veneto Banca S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Banca Popolare 
di Vicenza in compulsory administrative liquidation. 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the macro-
economic context 
The future development in the macro-economic context may be considered as a risk as it may produce 
negative effects and trends in the economic and financial situation of the Bank and/or the Group. 
Any negative variations of the factors described hereafter, in particular during periods of economic-
financial crisis, could lead the Bank and/or the Group to suffer losses, increases of financing costs, and 
reductions of the value of the assets held, with a potential negative impact on the liquidity of the Bank 
and/or the Group and its financial soundness. 
The trends of the Bank and the Group are affected by the general, national and economic situation of the 
Eurozone, the dynamics of financial markets and the soundness and growth prospects of the economy of 
other geographic areas in which the Bank and/or the Group operates. 
In particular, the profitability capacity and solvency of the Bank and/or the Group are affected by the trends 
of certain factors, such as the investors' expectations and trust, the level and volatility of short-term and 
long-term interest rates, exchange rates, financial markets liquidity, availability and cost of capital, 
sustainability of sovereign debt, household incomes and consumer spending, unemployment levels, 
business profitability, inflation and housing prices. 
The macro-economic framework is currently characterised by significant profiles of uncertainty, in relation 
to: (a) the outbreak of COVID-19, which caused a major decline in economic activity in 2020 and may 
contribute to further economic downturns in the near future, in addition to more persistent effects on default 
rates, unemployment rates and country risk; (b)  the future developments of ECB monetary policies in the 
Euro area and of the FED in the dollar area; (c) the tensions observed, on a more or less recurrent basis, on 
the financial markets; (d) the risk that in the future holders of Italian government debt lose confidence in 
the credit standing of Republic of Italy, owing to the uncertainty of budgetary policies and the high debt 
ratio; (e) the exit of the United Kingdom from the single market on 1 January 2021. 
With specific reference to point (e), the relationship of the UK with the EU may affect the business of the 
Bank. On 29 March 2017, the UK invoked Article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union and officially 
notified the EU of its decision to withdraw from the EU. On 31 January 2020 the UK withdrew from the 
EU. According to Articles 126 and 127 of the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement (approved by the European 
Parliament on 29 January 2020), the UK entered an transition period during which it will negotiate its future 
relationship with the EU. During such transition period – which is due to operate until 31 December 2020 
– most EU rules and regulations shall continue to apply in the UK. During the transition period, the UK 
and the EU may not reach an agreement on the furture relationship between them, or may reach a 
significantly narrower agreement than that envisaged by the political declaration of the European 
Commission and the UK Government. Due to the on-going political uncertainty as regards the structure of 
the future relationship between UK and EU, the precise impact on the business of the Bank is difficult to 
determine. As such, no assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the market 
value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.

--- Page 23 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 14 - 
47-41006023 
 
Credit risk 
We would like to remark that, as of 30 September 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo recorded a gross NPL ratio  
(based on EBA metrics) of 5.9%. On 31 December 2019, the same data corresponded to 6.8%, compared 
to 7.5% recorded on 31 December 2018 – The credit institutions which recorded a gross NPL ratio higher 
than 5% are required – on the grounds of the "Guidelines on management of non performing and forborne 
exposures" of EBA – to prepare specific strategic and operative plans for the management of such 
exposures.  
Taking into consideration the pattern of the main credit risk indicators in 2018–2019 and in the first nine 
months of 2020 and the assignment of non-performing loans mentioned hereafter, Intesa Sanpaolo deems 
that the risk related to credit quality is of low relevance. 
The economic and financial activity and soundness of the Bank depends on its borrower's 
creditworthiness. The Bank is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity. Therefore, the 
clients' breach of the agreements entered into and of their underlying obligations, or any lack of 
information or incorrect information provided by them as to their respective financial and credit position, 
could have negative effects on the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. Furthermore, any 
exposures in the bank portfolio towards counterparties, groups of connected counterparties and 
counterparties of the same economic sector, which perform the same activity or belong to the same 
geographic area, could increase the Bank concentration risk. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the Bank by reason 
of bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other reason. The bankruptcy of an 
important stakeholder, or any concerns about its default, could cause serious liquidity issues, losses or 
defaults by other institutions, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank. The Bank may also be 
subject to the risk, under specific circumstances, that some of its credits towards third parties are no longer 
collectable. Furthermore, a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties, including sovereign States, 
of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, might cause losses and/or negatively affect the ability of the 
Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. A significant 
decrease of the creditworthiness of the counterparties of the Bank might, therefore, have a negative impact 
on the results of the Bank's performances. Albeit, in many cases, the Bank could require further guarantees 
to the counterparties which are in financial difficulties, certain disputes may arise with respect to the 
amount of guarantee that the Bank is entitled to receive and the value of the assets which are object of 
guarantee. The default rates, counterparties rating deterioration and disputes in relation to counterparties 
on the guarantee appraisal could be significantly increased during periods of market tensions and 
illiquidity. 
In compliance with the provisions of the "ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans" published 
in March 2017 through which the ECB calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to 
work towards an holistic approach regarding the problem of NPLs, Intesa Sanpaolo submitted to the ECB 
a plan for the reduction of its non-performing loans. 
Subsequently, building on the overall strategy and targets outlined in the 2018-21 Business Plan published 
in February 2018, Intesa Sanpaolo has developed a solid 4-year plan, at no costs to shareholders, to reach 
an NPL level in line with European peers, continuing to maintain a lower leverage and a stronger balance 
sheet. The 2018-21 Group NPL Plan leverages the excellent performance achieved in 2017, where the 
bank outperformed vs plan targets by the strengthening of the proactive management of bad loans 
performed by each division, by the results achieved in the recovery activities, by the accomplishment of 
the planned disposals, but also thanks to the supervision and monitoring activities performed by the 
"Group NPL Plan Control Room". 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please refer to 
"Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
For further information on the management of the "credit risk", please refer to Part E of the explanatory 
note of the consolidated financial statements for 2019, included by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
In Italy, the COVID-19 outbreak, led to a strong GDP contraction with negative effects in all economic 
sectors. Nevertheless, results for the first nine months of 2020 confirmed Intesa Sanpaolo's ability to 
effectively face the challenging aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic. Group Gross NPL stock decreased

--- Page 24 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 15 - 
47-41006023 
 
by roughly €2,3 billion from 31 December 2019, and of approximately €23 billion from December 2017, 
therefore already achieving 90% of the target set for the entire four-year period of the 2018 2021 Business 
Plan. 
Market risk 
In the first nine months of 2020, net of the UBI Group, the Group's average managerial VaR was €273.1 
million, up compared to €161.8 million in the same period of 2019. The performance of this indicator – 
mainly determined by IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division (which comprises the operations of 
Banca IMI now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.)  – once again derives from an increase in the risk 
measures, mainly attributable to the health emergency caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. By analysing 
its composition we observe, with respect to the different factors, the prevalence of credit spread risk. It 
should be specified that in IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division, the VaR limit also includes the 
HTCS (Held To Collect and Sell) component. 
As to the bank portfolio risks, the market risk, measured in terms of VaR, has recorded in the first six 
months of 2020 an average value of  €579 million (€103 million was the average value on 30 June 2019). 
On 30 June 2020, the VaR was equal to €814 million, compared to €126 million on 30 June 2019. On 31 
December 2019, the VaR was equal to €227 million, compared to €91 million on 31 December 2018. 
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the securities of 
sovereign States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by way of example and 
without limitation, interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), which could determine a deterioration 
of the financial soundness of the Bank and/or the Group. Such deterioration could be produced either by 
negative effects on the income statement deriving from positions held for trading purposes, or from negative 
changes in the FVOCI (Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income) reserve, generated by positions 
classified as financial Activities evaluated at fair value, with an impact on the overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes of the financial instruments value, including the 
securities issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates of currencies, 
prices of the securities listed on the markets, commodities and credit spreads and/or other risks. Such 
fluctuations could be caused by changes in the general economic trend, the investors' propensity to 
investments, monetary and tax policies, liquidity of the markets on a global scale, availability and capital 
cost, interventions of rating agencies, political events both at social and international level, war conflicts 
and acts of terrorism. The market risk occurs both with respect to the trading book, which includes the 
financial trading instruments and derivative instruments related thereto, and the banking book, which 
includes the financial assets and liabilities that are different from those contained in the trading book. 
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The ratio between the credits towards customers and the direct deposit taking, as reported in the 
consolidated financial statement ("Loan to deposit ratio") on 30 September 2020 was at 90%, compared 
to 93% on 31 December 2019. 
The "Liquidity Coverage Ratio" (LCR) on 30 September 2020 was higher than 100% against a minimum 
regulatory threshold equal to 100%. 
The "Net Stable Funding Ratio" (NSFR) on 30 September 2020 was higher than 100% against a minimum 
regulatory threshold of 100% to be respected starting from 2021. 
The participation of the Group to TLTRO funding transactions with ECB at the end of  September 2020 
was equal to approximately  €82.9 billion (of which Intesa Sanpaolo: € 70.9 and UBI Banca: € 12 billion). 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the market 
situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of the Bank, possibly accompanied by 
the need to adapt the liquidity situation of the Bank to the regulatory requirements updated from time to 
time in implementation of the European rules, may have negative effects on the activities and the economic 
and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Group.

--- Page 25 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 16 - 
47-41006023 
 
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is not able to satisfy its payment obligations at maturity, both due 
to the inability to raise funds on the market (funding liquidity risk) and of the difficulty to disinvest its own 
assets (market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Bank may be prejudiced by the temporary impossibility of accessing capital markets 
by the issuance of debt securities (both guaranteed and not guaranteed), the inability to receive funds from 
counterparties which are external to or of the Group, the inability to sell certain assets or redeem its 
investments, as well as unexpected cash outflows or the obligation to provide more guarantees. Such a 
situation may occur by reason of circumstances that are independent from the control of the Bank, such as 
a general market disruption or an operational issue which affects the Bank or any third parties, or also by 
reason of the perception among the participants in the market that the Bank or other participants in the 
market are experiencing a higher liquidity risk. The liquidity crisis and the loss of trust in the financial 
institutions may increase the Bank's cost of funding and limit its access to some of its traditional liquidity 
sources. 
Examples of liquidity risk manifestation are the bankruptcy of an important participant to the market, or 
concerns about its possible default, which may cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults of other 
banks which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank; and a decrease of the creditworthiness of third 
parties of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, that may determine losses and/or negatively affect the 
ability of the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. 
The participation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to the TLTRO funding transactions with the ECB as at 31 
December 2019 is equal to approximately  €49 billion. In particular, the Group has participated to 7 TLTRO 
funding transactions, starting from 24 June 2016. As at 30 September 2020, such transactions amounted to 
approximately €70.9 billion (excluding the contribution of  €12 billion of UBI Banca), consisting entirely 
of TLTROs III. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Due to the financial market crisis, followed also by the reduced liquidity available to operators in the 
sector, in March 2019 ECB announced a new series of quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing 
operations (TLTROIII) to be launched in September 2019 to March 2021, each with a maturity of two 
years, recently shifted by an additional 1 year. On March 2020 new long term refinancing operations 
(LTROs) were announced to provide a bridge until the TLTRO III window in June 2020 and ensure 
liquidity and regular money market conditions. These measures were integrated with temporary collateral 
easing measures. 
Operational risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of operational risk which are intrinsic to its business, among 
which those mentioned herein, by way of example and without limitation: frauds by external persons, frauds 
or losses arising from the unfaithfulness of the employees and/or breach of control procedures, operational 
errors, defects or malfunctions of computer or telecommunication systems, computer virus attacks, default 
of suppliers with respect to their contractual obligations, terrorist attacks and natural disasters. The 
occurrence of one or more of said risks may have significant negative effects on the business, the 
operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. The capital absorption amounts 
to €2,103 million as at 30 September 2020 and represents approximately 7% of the total value of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo  Group requirement.. The increase compared to €1,781 million euro as at 30 June 2020 is due to 
the addition of the operational risk requirements of the acquired UBI Group. 
The operational risk may be defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk and compliance risk, model 
risk, ICT risk and financial reporting risk; strategic and reputational risk are not included. 
The Bank has defined a framework for the operational risks management which consists of the following 
phases: 
− 
identification: the detection and description of potential operational risk areas (e.g. operational 
events, presence of issues, applicability of risk factors, significant risk scenarios);  
− 
assessment and measurement: determination of operational risk exposure;

--- Page 26 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 17 - 
47-41006023 
 
− 
monitoring and control: continuous management of changes in the operational risk exposure, also 
to prevent the occurrence of harmful events and to promote active risk management;  
− 
mitigation: operational risk containment through appropriate mitigation actions and suitable risk 
transfer strategies, based on a risk-driven approach;  
− 
reporting: preparation of information flows related to operational risk management, designed to 
ensure adequate knowledge of the exposure to this risk. 
Although the Bank constantly supervises its own operational risks, certain unexpected events and/or events 
out of the Bank's control may occur (including those mentioned above by way of example and without 
limitation), with possible negative effects on the business and the economic and/or financial situation of 
the Bank and the Group, as well as on its reputation. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements 
for 2019, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of foreign exchange risk which are intrinsic to its business and 
are lied in foreign currency loans and deposits held by customers, purchases of securities, equity 
investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies, conversion to domestic currency of 
assets, liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries abroad, trading of foreign currencies and 
banknotes, and collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs in 
foreign currencies. Although the Bank constantly monitors its exposure to foreign currencies, any negative 
development of the foreign rates may have negative effects on activities and the economic and/or financial 
situation of the Bank and the Group. 
"Foreign exchange risk" is defined as the possibility that foreign exchange rate fluctuations produce 
significant changes, both positive and negative, in the Group's balance sheet aggregates. The key sources 
of exchange rate risk lie in: 
− 
foreign currency loans and deposits held by corporate and/or retail customers; 
− 
purchases of securities, equity investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies; 
− 
conversion into domestic currency of assets, liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries 
abroad; 
− 
trading of foreign currencies and banknotes; 
− 
collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs in foreign 
currencies. 
More specifically, "structural" foreign exchange risk refers to the exposures deriving from the commercial 
operations and the strategic investment decisions of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Foreign exchange transactions, spot and forward, are carried out mostly by IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking division (which comprises the operations of Banca IMI now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.), 
which also operates in the name and on behalf of the Intesa Sanpaolo with the task of guaranteeing pricing 
throughout the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group while optimising the proprietary risk profile deriving 
from brokerage of foreign currencies traded by customers. 
The main types of financial instruments traded include: spot and forward exchange transactions in foreign 
currencies, forex swaps, domestic currency swaps, and foreign exchange options. 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation 
on the solution of banking crises 
The Bank is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed by 
the relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). Both

--- Page 27 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 18 - 
47-41006023 
 
the aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous updates and 
practice developments. 
Furthermore, as a listed Bank, the Bank is required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB. 
The Bank, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the financial 
and banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and consumer 
protection. 
Although the Bank undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the rules 
and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities could 
give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Bank, with possible negative impacts on the operational 
results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. 
Regulatory framework 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the Supervisory Rules has been amended on the grounds of the 
Directions deriving from the so called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly 
strengthen the minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction of 
policies and quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation 
levels. In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal 
to 7% of the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a 
Total Capital ratio equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the 
so called "capital conservation buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
As known, Intesa Sanpaolo, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is 
subject to direct supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB). Following the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement 
that Intesa Sanpaolo must comply with a consolidated level. On 8 February 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo received 
the final decision of the ECB concerning the capital requirement that must be respected in terms of Common 
Equity Tier 1 ratio starting from 1 March 2019, which was fixed at 8.88% according to the transitional 
criteria in force for 2019 and at 9.35% according to the criteria currently in force. 
The following requirements match the determination of the requirement related to the Common Equity 
Tier 1 ratio for 2019: a) the SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio equal to 9.5%, which 
includes the Pillar I minimum requirement of 8%, in whose context a 4.5% in terms of Common Equity 
Tier 1 ratio and 1.5% of additional requirement of Pillar II, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 
ratio; b) the additional requirement related to the Capital Conservation Buffer, equal to 2.5% according 
to the criteria in force in 2019 and the O-SII Buffer (Other Systematically Important Institutions Buffer) 
additional requirement, equal to 0.38% according to the transitional criteria in force for 2019 and 0.75% 
according to the criteria in force in 2021. 
It should be noted that, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of the 
coronavirus (COVID-19), announced certain measures aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct 
supervision, are still able to provide credit support to the real economy. 
Considering that the European banking sector acquired a significant amount of capital reserves (with the 
aim of enabling banks to face with stressful situations such as the COVID-19), the ECB allows banks to 
operate temporarily below the capital level defined by the "Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G)" and the "capital 
conservation buffer (CCB)". Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be further 
improved by an appropriate revision of the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the competent 
national authorities. 
Moreover, due to the COVID-19 outbreak, with the Recommendation of 27 March, 2020 the ECB 
recommended that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no irrevocable commitment 
to pay out dividends is undertaken by the credit institutions for the financial year 2019 and 2020 and that 
credit institutions refrain from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders. The ECB has decided 
to extend the recommendation on dividends until 1 January 2021 with the new Recommendation 
BCE/2020/35 that repeals Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of  27 March 2020.

--- Page 28 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 19 - 
47-41006023 
 
By taking into account the additional requirement made by the Institution specific Countercyclical 
Capital Buffer, the requirement of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio to be respected by Intesa Sanpaolo is 
equal to 8.96% according to the transitional criteria in force for 2019 and to 9.36% according to the 
criteria currently in force. 
As at 31 December 2019, by taking into account the transitional treatment adopted to mitigate the impact 
of the IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Transitional), the total solvency coefficient of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (Total 
Capital Ratio) is at 17.7%; and the ratio between the Class I Capital (Tier 1) of the Group and the set of 
risk-weighted assets (Tier 1 ratio) is at 15.2%. The ratio between the Primary Capital of Class 1 (CET1) 
and the risk-weighted assets (Common Equity Tier 1 ratio) is equal to 13.5%. 
By taking into consideration the full inclusion of the impact of IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Fully Loaded), the 
solvency coefficients as of 31 December 2019 are the following: Total capital ratio 17.0%; Tier 1 ratio 
14.3%; and Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 13.0%.  
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio or LCR), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank 
for a period of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net Stable 
Funding Ratio or NSFR) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets 
and liabilities have a sustainable maturity structure. 
Both indicators of the Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the Rules. 
The slowdown in economic activity caused by lockdowns across Europe and the measures the 
Governments have taken to face the effects of the current health and economic emergency impacted the 
Group operations in the different countries of its perimeter. The business continuity management plans 
were activated in order to ensure the regular execution of Treasury activities and the proper information 
flows to the senior management and the Supervisors. 
Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is more than safe and under constant control, some 
risks may materialize in the coming months, depending on the length of the current lockdown and 
expected economic recovery. An important mitigating factor to these risks are the contingency 
management policies in place in the Group system of rules and the measures announced by the European 
Central Bank, which have granted a higher flexibility in the management of the current liquidity situation 
by leveraging on the available liquidity buffers.  
Furthermore, the Prudential Basel III Regulation introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which measures 
the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the Bank Group. Such index is 
calculated by considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to 
contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum 
regulatory limit of 3%. 
Although the above-mentioned regulatory evolution (further described under the "Regulatory Section" on 
page 195 of this Base Prospectus) envisages a gradual adaptation to the new prudential requirements, the 
impacts on the management dynamics of the Bank could be significant. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of 
the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so 
called "SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the 
Bank and the Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that 
shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, "BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, "BRRD II"), which, inter alia, 
introduced the so called "bail-in", Regulation 2019/876/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, 
which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR II") and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 
2019/878/EU, which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD V") must be taken into consideration and 
put in force by Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended to 
enable a wide range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing

--- Page 29 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 20 - 
47-41006023 
 
(i.e. the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action 
under the BRRD towards the Intesa Sanpaolo Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments 
linked to the Notes. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions 
(the "SSM Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory 
Mechanism" or "SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction 
with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory 
responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the 
total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – 
the ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three 
most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, 
direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; 
(iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries 
in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant 
part of its total assets/liabilities 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with 
each national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an 
institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Intesa 
Sanpaolo and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised 
entity and a significant supervised group within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the 
European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between the European Central Bank and each national competent authority and 
with national designated authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct 
prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and 
the SSM Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles 
The Bank is exposed, as well as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects deriving 
from both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the existing ones, in 
particular with respect to the international IAS/IFRS accounting principles, as approved and adopted 
within the European legal system. On the date of first implementation of the IFRS 9 principle (31 March 
2018), the main impacts for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the application of the new impairment 
accounting model (based on the "expected loss" concept instead of the "incurred loss" approach, which 
was previously envisaged by IAS 39), which has led to an increase of the value adjustments. The first 
implementation of the IFRS 16 principle, on 31 March 2019, caused an impact on the CET 1, equal to -8 
base points. 
It is important to highlight that a particular attention should be given towards other interventions on the 
accounting regulations, particularly the new international principle IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments", which 
replaced the IAS 39 as per the classification and measurement of the financial instruments. Such principle, 
which has been approved by means of Regulation (EU) 2067/2016, entered into force on 1 January 2018. 
For an in depth analysis of the IFRS 9, the relevant implementation project and the effects of its first 
application (FTA) we refer to the chapter on "The transition to the international accounting principle IFRS 
9" included in the balance sheet as of 31 December 2018. We would like to underline that, upon the first 
application of the principle, the main impacts for Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the enforcement of the 
new impairment accounting model (based on the concept of "expected loss" instead of the approach of the 
"incurred loss", previously envisaged by IAS 39), which caused an increase of the value adjustments. 
Also with reference to the application of the IFRS 9, we observe that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as mainly 
a banking financial conglomerate, has decided to avail itself of the option of application of the so called 
"Deferral Approach" (or Temporary Exemption), by virtue of which the financial assets and liabilities of

--- Page 30 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 21 - 
47-41006023 
 
the insurance subsidiary Companies continue to be registered on the balance sheet under the provisions of 
IAS 39, awaiting the entry into force of the new international accounting principle on insurance agreements 
(IFRS 17), which is scheduled for 2022. 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle please refer to the specific qualitative and 
quantitative information included in the chapter "Criteria for the preparation of the annual report as of 31 
December 2019. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors; 
Risks related to Notes generally; 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
Risks related to the market generally. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Resolution Powers and contractual recognition of the BRRD 
Under the BRRD framework the Relevant Authorities have the power to apply "resolution" tools if the 
Issuer is failing or likely to fail, as an alternative to compulsory liquidation proceedings. Specifically, these 
tools are: (1) the sale of business assets or shares of the Issuer; (2) the establishment of a bridging institution; 
(3) the separation of the unimpaired assets of the Issuer from those which are deteriorated or impaired; and 
(4) a bail-in, through write-down/conversion into equity of regulatory capital instruments (including the 
Subordinated Notes) as well as other liabilities of the Issuer (including the Senior Preferred Notes, the

--- Page 31 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 22 - 
47-41006023 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Guarantee) if the relevant conditions are satisfied and in accordance 
with the creditors' hierarchy provided under the relevant provisions of Italian law. 
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each holder of 
the Notes acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any resolution 
power by a Relevant Authority that may result in (i) the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or 
interest on, the Notes into equity or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes and/or (ii) the cancellation of the Guarantee or 
the modification of any of its terms, in each case to give effect to the exercise by a Relevant Authority of 
such resolution power. Each holder of the Notes acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder 
of the Notes or beneficiary of the Guarantee are subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give 
effect to, the exercise of any such power by any Relevant Authority. The exercise of the resolution power 
by the Relevant Authority will not constitute an event of default under the Notes. 
The exercise of any resolution power, which could result in the Notes being written down or converted into 
equity pursuant to such statutory measures, or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially 
adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes, the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes, and may have a negative impact on the market value 
of the Notes. Please refer to the risk factor "Risk Factors related to the Issuers - The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
is subject to the provisions of the EU Recovery and Resolution Directive". 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes contain provisions for calling Noteholders' meetings for matters that may affect their interests in 
general. These provisions allow the establishment of majorities that shall be bindable to all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee (in respect of the 
English Law Notes) or the Fiscal Agent (in respect of the Italian Law Notes) as the case may be, may, 
without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of relevant Notes or (ii) determine without the 
consent of the relevant Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of 
the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and 
Waiver; Substitution, Additional Issues) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in 
Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes are English law based in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, except for the status provisions applicable to the Notes and the contractual recognition of 
bail-in powers provisions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
provisions, which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law, Irish law or 
Luxembourgish law, as applicable. 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are Italian law based in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to applicable law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
who hold Notes through interests in the Global Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain

--- Page 32 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 23 - 
47-41006023 
 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more 
Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the relevant Issuer 
will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes once the paying agent has paid Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments 
under the relevant Notes. The relevant Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will 
be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
appoint appropriate proxies. 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default, being events upon which the Trustee or the Fiscal Agent, as the case may be (or, in 
certain circumstances, the Noteholders) may declare the Notes to be immediately due and payable, are 
limited to circumstances in which Intesa Sanpaolo becomes subject to compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking 
Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the 
Consolidated Banking Act of the Republic of Italy (as amended from time to time) or insolvency, 
dissolution, liquidation, winding up or an analogous proceeding applicable to INSPIRE in Ireland or to 
Intesa Luxembourg in Luxembourg as set out in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the 
Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, or in case 
of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or the Luxembourg Bail-in Power or the Irish Bail-in Power (as 
applicable) by the Relevant Authority, the Trustee or the Fiscal Agent, as the case may be (and the 
Noteholders) will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of 
proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the 
institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Climate 
Bonds, please also see risk factor "Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds", "Sustainability 
Bonds" or "Climate Bonds" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets or social assets or sustainable assets". 
Waiver of set-off 
In Condition 4(a) (Status - Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and Condition 4(a) (Status - Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 4(b) (Status – 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Condition 4(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes issued 
by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 4(c) (Status - 
Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes with 
respect to Subordinated Notes, each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of 
any jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Under no circumstances shall the interest payments 
for the Noteholder be less than zero. Set out below is a description of the most common features:

--- Page 33 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 24 - 
47-41006023 
 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 20 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes provides that contractual and non-contractual obligations 
arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian 
Law, pursuant to EU and Italian private international law provisions as applicable from time to time. Article 
59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the "Italian Private International Law") provides that other debt 
securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued. The 
Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case 
may be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and are, 
thereafter, delivered to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as initial Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent, being 
the entity in charge of, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Note 
and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes. 
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any 
prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, 
the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian 
Private International Law and the relevant applicable European legislation. 
Integral multiples of less than €100,000 
Subject to any minimum denomination applicable to Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, in 
relation to any Notes issued in denominations representing the aggregate of (i) a minimum Specified 
Denomination of €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), plus (ii) integral 
multiples of another smaller amount, Notes may be traded in amounts which, although greater than 
€100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (or its equivalent in another currency), 
are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (or its 
equivalent). In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount 
of less than €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) will not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (if definitive Notes are printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds", "Sustainability Bonds" or "Climate Bonds" 
may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or 
sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus as the case may be), the Issuers 
may issue Notes under the Programme described as "green bonds" ("Green Bonds"), "climate bonds" 
("Climate Bonds"), "social bonds" ("Social Bonds"), "sustainability bonds" ("Sustainability Bonds") in 
accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") 
(respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")), or in accordance with the Climate Bonds Standard set out by the 
Climate Bonds Initiative.  
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the Offer, 
estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Term (or the Drawdown Prospectus as 
the case may be) and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must 
assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is 
given by the Issuers or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or 
social project or sustainable project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a "sustainable" project 
or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or 
"sustainable" or such other equivalent label. Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework 
to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") has been recently enacted and the 
relevant technical criteria are still to be published. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors

--- Page 34 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 25 - 
47-41006023 
 
that any green or social or sustainable project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are 
to be applied will meet the investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" or "sustainable" 
performance objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse 
social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or 
social or sustainable project. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social 
Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, the Issuers may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability 
consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or low carbon and/or 
social and/or sustainable project, as the case may be have been defined in accordance with the broad 
categorisation of eligibility for green, social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the 
SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection 
with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a "Second-
party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the 
relevant issue of Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party 
Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Climate 
Bonds or Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. A 
withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. 
While it is the intention of the Issuers to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, Green 
Bonds, Climate Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable 
Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects, as the case 
may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with 
any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any 
assurance that such green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuers. Any such 
event or failure by the Issuers will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuers; (ii) 
constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuers to redeem 
such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuers in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Notes; or (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable). 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or sustainable 
projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. Any failure by the Issuers to comply with their reporting obligations in relation to Green 
Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as applicable, will not constitute an Event of 
Default under the relevant Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether the Principal Paying Agent or otherwise) 
is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist 
between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation 
Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may 
make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term 
of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information 
barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from 
time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 35 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 26 - 
47-41006023 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks" 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark 
rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have 
the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, 
of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the 
general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR 
benchmark after 2021 and, on 12 July 2018, announced that the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a 
regulated benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation. Such announcements indicate that the continuation 
of LIBOR on the current basis (or at all) cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. 
In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, 
its Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based 
transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, 
loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark 
by the end of 2021. 
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free 
rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate 
("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. Actually, although EURIBOR has been reformed 
in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will 
continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and EURIBOR will continue 
to be supported going forwards. This may cause LIBOR and EURIBOR to perform differently than they 
have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have 
(without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes 
or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.

--- Page 36 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 27 - 
47-41006023 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event (as 
defined in the Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, a Reference Rate (as defined in the 
Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of a Reference Rate if applicable), the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 7(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and in Condition 6(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and, if applicable, an Adjustment 
Spread. Please refer to Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes for the full definition of a Benchmark Event. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided 
that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply. In certain 
circumstances, including but not limited to where the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page, where (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) amendments to the terms of the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and with Condition 6(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes would cause the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event or a MREL Disqualification Event (as applicable) or (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) would result in the Relevant Authority treating an Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, the ultimate 
fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest of the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in effective application of a fixed 
rate of interest for Notes initially designated to be Floating Rate Notes. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been 
made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer 
may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. In 
addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any 
potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Notes 
may not do so and may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations and licensing issues in 
making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
Redemption for tax or regulatory reasons 
The redemption for tax or regulatory reason feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes, as during 
any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem the Notes, the market value 
of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, the Issuer may, at its option (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem the Notes for 
regulatory reasons, as described in further detail in "—Regulatory classification of Subordinated Notes" 
below. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able

--- Page 37 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 28 - 
47-41006023 
 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of 
other investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value 
of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period. The relevant Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Inflation Linked Notes are subject to a number of specific risks due to their link to an underlying index. 
There are specific risks associated with Inflation Linked Notes, which are set out below. Furthermore, 
investors are warned that they may lose some, part of or all of their entire investment. Each Issuer 
may issue Notes with principal and/or interest determined by reference to an index or formula or to changes 
in the prices of securities or commodities (each a "relevant factor"). In addition, each Issuer may issue 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware of the following particular risks: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time; 
(iv) 
the relevant factors may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(v) 
if a relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains any other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on principal or 
interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(vi) 
the timing of changes in a relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
The historical experience of an index or other relevant factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such relevant factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a relevant factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. That Issuer's ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since that Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If that Issuer converts

--- Page 38 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 29 - 
47-41006023 
 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If that Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
To the extent that Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the 
Interest Rate for the Floating Rate Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the underlying 
floating rate will be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Multiplier is less than 1, this may adversely 
affect the return on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Senior Preferred Notes 
The qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes as MREL eligible liabilities is subject to uncertainty 
Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements. 
However, as the EU Banking Reform has only recently came into force, there may be uncertainty regarding 
the interpretation of the MREL Requirements, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior 
Preferred Notes will be or remain MREL eligible liabilities. 
Because of the uncertainty surrounding any potential changes to the regulations giving effect to MREL, the 
Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Preferred Notes will ultimately be MREL eligible 
liabilities. If they are not MREL eligible liabilities (or if they initially are MREL eligible liabilities and 
subsequently become ineligible due to a change MREL Requirements), then a MREL Disqualification 
Event will occur, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. Please refer to the risk factor "Senior Preferred 
Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event". 
Senior Preferred Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, the Notes 
of such Series at the Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with any 
outstanding interest. Senior Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations at the relevant time. See "—Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Preferred 
Notes may be restricted" below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a 
change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date 
of the Senior Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of 
Senior Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements. 
If the Senior Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able 
to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investment in the Senior Preferred Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Preferred Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with 
any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase 
due to the qualification of such Senior Preferred Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements.

--- Page 39 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 30 - 
47-41006023 
 
In addition, under the EU Banking Reform, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Preferred Notes is 
subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption of the 
Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
Senior Preferred Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The EU Banking Reform have been recently adopted and there is uncertainty as to their implementation 
and interpretation. See "—Risk factors related to the Issuers —Changes in regulatory framework". 
Senior Preferred Notes may be subject to substitution and/or modification without the Noteholder 
consent 
With respect to English Law Notes, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Senior Preferred Notes and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 (Acknowledgment 
of Irish Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by INSPIRE, or Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa 
Luxembourg, then the relevant Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes of that Series), at any time either substitute all (but 
not some only) of such Senior Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes (as defined below), provided 
that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or 
substituted securities. 
With respect to Italian Law Notes, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Senior Preferred Notes and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, then the relevant Issuer may, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
of that Series), at any time vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes (as defined below), provided that such variation 
does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and Conditions of the Italian

--- Page 40 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 31 - 
47-41006023 
 
Law Notes with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 
(Acknowledgment of the Irish Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by INSPIRE, or Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg 
Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg, the Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes may have terms materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes, including but not limited to a change in governing law 
and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax 
consequences for holders of Senior Preferred Notes as a result of such substitution or modification, and 
holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to Senior 
Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the default risk on 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as 
Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Preferred 
Notes which are not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was recently enacted 
On 1 January 2018, the Italian law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (the "2018 Budget Law") came into 
force introducing certain amendments to the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Consolidated Banking Act"), including the possibility for banks and companies belonging to banking 
groups to issue senior non-preferred securities (the so-called "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello"). 
In particular, the 2018 Budget Law set forth certain requirements for notes to qualify as senior non-preferred 
securities: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, nor include any feature of such 
derivative securities; 
(iii) 
the minimum denomination is at least equal to €250,000; 
(iv) 
may be offered only to qualified investors (investitori qualification), as referred to in Article 100, 
letter a), of the Financial Services Act as implemented by Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) 
of Regulation No. 11971/1999 and Article 35, paragraph 1(d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018; and 
(v) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities 
expressly provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof 
are subject to the provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act. 
According to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, in case an issuer of 
senior non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or 
voluntary liquidation (liquidazione volontaria), the relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will 
rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors), including claims arising 
from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, (B) at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do not rank or are not

--- Page 41 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 32 - 
47-41006023 
 
expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred securities and (C) in priority 
to any present or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the claims of the 
shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act also provides that: 
(i) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act 
shall apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described 
in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does 
not comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the 
invalidity of the entire agreement; 
(ii) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the 
requirements described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above are not complied with and that any 
different contractual provision is null and void; and 
(iii) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of 
the issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions of Articles 
12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act was recently enacted and that, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued 
by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank 
of Italy in respect thereof. Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating 
to the above will be issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which 
cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable 
investment for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non- Preferred Notes should 
determine the suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial 
resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the 
possibility that the entire principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential 
investor should not invest in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise 
(either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
and the impact of this investment on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is no trading history 
Prior to the adoption of the so-called Legge di Bilancio 2018 and its entry into force, Italian issuers were 
not able to issue senior non-preferred securities. Accordingly, there is no trading history for securities with 
this ranking. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the 
risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, 
and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. 
It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
Qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 
1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). Current regulatory practice by the Bank of 
Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions.

--- Page 42 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 33 - 
47-41006023 
 
Although it is Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 
1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) there can be no representation that this is or 
will remain the case during the life of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, the 
Notes of such Series at the Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with 
any outstanding interest. Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time. See "—Early redemption and purchase of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted" below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a 
change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible 
to meet the MREL Requirements. 
If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will 
be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return 
as their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase 
due to the qualification of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements. 
In addition, under the EU Banking Reform, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The EU Banking Reform Package have been recently adopted and there is uncertainty as to their 
implementation and interpretation. See "—Risk factors related to the Issuers —Changes in regulatory 
framework".

--- Page 43 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 34 - 
47-41006023 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without the Noteholder 
consent 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent 
required from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series), at any time(i) in the case of English Law Notes, either 
substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (as defined below), or (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes, vary the terms of such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as 
defined below), provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer 
to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will 
negatively affect any particular Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes, the Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have terms materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including but not limited to a change in governing 
law and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax 
consequences for holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as a result of such substitution or modification, 
and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations 
If Intesa Sanpaolo is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated or in the event that the Issuer becomes 
subject to an order for Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in the Consolidated Banking Act, it 
will be required to pay the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including 
unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any payments on Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, Intesa 
Sanpaolo may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under such Notes. 
For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 4(c) (Status – 
Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 4(c) (Status – Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-tool or at 
the point of non-viability of the Issuer 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD contemplates that 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-
viability. The BRRD is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and 
investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the BRRD or the taking of any 
action under it could materially affect the value of any Subordinated Notes. Additionally, there may be 
material tax consequences for holders of Subordinated Notes as a result of such write-down or conversion, 
and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Regulatory classification of Subordinated Notes – The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed after a 
Regulatory Event 
The intention of the Intesa Sanpaolo is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital", for 
regulatory capital purposes.

--- Page 44 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 35 - 
47-41006023 
 
Although it is Intesa Sanpaolo's expectation that the Notes qualify as "Tier 2 Capital", there can be no 
representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Notes or that the Notes will be 
grandfathered under the implementation of future EU capital requirement regulations. If the Notes are not 
grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to qualify, as "Tier 2 Capital", Intesa Sanpaolo will (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the Italian Law Notes, subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. There 
can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as 
the case may be, see "Early Redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted" below. 
Early Redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The rules under the CRR prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Relevant 
Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes. In this respect, the 
CRR provides that the Relevant Authority shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR provided that either of the following 
conditions is met, as applicable to the Notes: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds would, 
following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid 
down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRR provide that the Relevant Authority may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Notes if and to the extent 
required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the related implementing regulations, policies and guidelines: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 9(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(iv) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that 
it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; 
or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations

--- Page 45 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 36 - 
47-41006023 
 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent 
If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority, if so required, (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series), elect (i) in the case of English 
Law Notes, either to substitute all (but not only some) of the Subordinated Notes or modify the terms of all 
(but not only some) of such Subordinated Notes so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities or (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes, modify the terms of all (but not only some) of such 
Subordinated Notes so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Securities, provided that such 
variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted 
securities. The Relevant Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the Relevant 
Authority to be material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the 
Subordinated Notes, as so substituted or varied, must be eligible as Tier 2 Capital in accordance with then 
prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations, which may include a requirement that (save in certain 
prescribed circumstances) the Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years 
after the effective date of such substitution or variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities are securities issued directly by the Issuer that have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes, the Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below) may have terms materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, including but not limited to a change in governing law 
and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax 
consequences for holders of Subordinated Notes as a result of such substitution or modification, and holders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks relating to Singapore taxation 
Notes issued in Singapore dollars are intended to be "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the 
Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the "ITA"), subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions as 
further described under "Taxation in Singapore". 
However, there is no assurance that such Notes will continue to enjoy the tax concessions in connection 
therewith under the ITA should the relevant tax laws be amended or revoked at any time, which amendment 
or revocation may be prospective or retroactive. 
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi 
Notes") is set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. On 
the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon 
obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant

--- Page 46 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 37 - 
47-41006023 
 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer (or the Guarantor) to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor's) ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC 
to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and 
is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although 
PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor) is required to source Renminbi in the 
offshore market to service its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the relevant Issuer (or the 
Guarantor) will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. 
This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in 
that foreign currency will decline.

--- Page 47 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 38 - 
47-41006023 
 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. As 
Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will consequently 
vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi Notes propose to sell 
their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they have 
invested. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy 
its obligation to pay interest and principal on the Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity (as defined in Condition 11(q) (Payments – Payments under Registered Notes 
– Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 10(q) (Payments – Payments under Registered Notes – Inconvertibility, Non-transferability 
or Illiquidity) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes), the relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor 
as the case may be), on giving not less than five nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy their respective 
obligations in respect of such payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. 
Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such Renminbi-denominated amount. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a 
Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified in the Final Terms or (ii) for so long 
as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong 
Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified 
in the Final Terms, in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The relevant Issuer (or the 
Guarantor) cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by 
transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") 
or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the 
PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains 
derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation 
rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 
20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual Holder from the transfer 
of Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, Holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Holders and individual 
Holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes.  
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident Holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay 
PRC income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax 
treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual Holders of

--- Page 48 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 39 - 
47-41006023 
 
Renminbi Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in 
Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected. 
Remittance of proceeds in Renminbi into or out of the PRC  
In the event that the relevant Issuer decides to remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi, 
its ability to do so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from, and/or registration or filing 
with, the relevant PRC government authorities.  However, there is no assurance that the necessary approvals 
from, and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC government authorities will be obtained at all or, 
if obtained, they will not be revoked or amended in the future. 
There is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise the control over cross-
border Renminbi remittances in the future, that the PRC Government will not impose any interim or long-
term restrictions on capital inflow or outflow which may restrict cross-border Renminbi remittances, that 
the pilot schemes introduced will not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside 
the PRC.  In the event that the relevant Issuer does remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in 
Renminbi and such Issuer subsequently is not able to repatriate funds out of the PRC in Renminbi, it will 
need to source Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its obligations under the Renminbi Notes, and its 
ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under the Programme 
might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing information 
may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The 
possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. In addition, 
liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor) will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 40 - 
47-41006023 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where an issue of 
Notes is rated, investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes; 
(ii) 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the trading 
price for the Notes. 
In addition, in relation to unsolicited ratings: 
(i) 
the Issuer is under no obligation to disclose any such ratings in the Final Terms or in any 
Supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(ii) 
unsolicited ratings assigned to the Issuer or Notes may differ from any then existing ratings 
assigned. 
Furthermore, in general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA or the UK which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be 
able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This 
may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and 
any secondary market. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 50 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 41 - 
47-41006023 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has previously been published and filed with the CSSF is incorporated 
by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2018, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2018 Annual Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2018/CNT-05-000000052A83D/CNT-05-000000052F133.pdf 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2019 Annual Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2019/20200430_BILANCI_2019_Def_uk.pdf 
(iii) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2020, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
2020 Half-yearly Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20200917_Semestrale_uk.pdf  
(iv) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2020, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
2020 Interim 3rd Quarter Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20201210_Trimestrale3Q20_uk.pdf 
(v) 
the audited annual financial statements of INSPIRE as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018, 
as shown in the 2018 annual report of INSPIRE; 
http://www.intesasanpaolobankireland.ie/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Intesa-Sanpaolo-Bank-
Ireland-2018-Annual-Report.pdf 
(vi) 
the audited annual financial statements of INSPIRE as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
as shown in the 2019 annual report of INSPIRE; 
http://www.intesasanpaolobankireland.ie/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/ISPIRE-Financial-
Statements-2019.pdf 
(vii) 
the unaudited half-yearly financial information of INSPIRE as at and for the six months ended 30 
June 2020, as shown in the 2020 half-yearly report of INSPIRE; 
http://www.intesasanpaolobankireland.ie/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/ISPIRE-June-2020-
Unaudited-Accounts-Stock-Exchange-1.pdf  
(viii) 
the audited annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2018, as shown in the 2018 annual report of Intesa Luxembourg; 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wp-
content/uploads/2015/07/ISPBL_RapportAnnuel-2018_vfinal.pdf 
(ix) 
the audited annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at 31 December 2019, as shown 
in the 2019 annual report of Intesa Luxembourg; 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/RCS-Signed_FS-
31.12.19_Intesa-Sanpaolo-Bank-Luxembourg-S.A_.pdf; 
(x) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at 31 December, 2018 as 
shown in the 2018 annual consolidated report of Intesa Luxembourg;

--- Page 51 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 42 - 
47-41006023 
 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Traditional-
signed_Consolidated-FS-31.12.18_Intesa-Sanpaolo-Bank-Luxembourg-S.A.-1.pdf  
(xi) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at 31 December, 2019 as 
shown in the 2019 annual consolidated report of Intesa Luxembourg; 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Traditional-
signed_Consolidated-FS-31.12.19_Intesa-Sanpaolo-Bank-Luxembourg-S.A..pdf55-1-64.pdf 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Traditional-
signed_Consolidated-FS-31.12.19_Intesa-Sanpaolo-Bank-Luxembourg-S.A..pdf55-65-127.pdf 
in each case together with the accompanying notes and (where applicable) audit or review reports; and 
(xii) 
the base prospectus in respect of the Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme dated 20 December 2019 (the "2019 Base Prospectus"); 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/20191223_EMTN_Base_Prospect
us.pdf 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu) and at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-documents/mtn  
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not included in the cross-reference list in this Base Prospectus is not incorporated by reference and is 
either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Intesa Sanpaolo declares that the English translation of each of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial 
statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is an accurate and not misleading translation 
in all material respect of the Italian language version of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial statements. 
Intesa Sanpaolo takes responsibility for the accuracy of such translations. 
Cross-reference list 
The following table shows where the information required under article 19(2) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 can be found in the above-mentioned documents. 
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2018 Annual Report 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .............................................................................................  
192-193 
Consolidated income statement .......................................................................................  
194 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ..........................................................  
195 
Statement of changes in consolidated shareholders' equity .............................................  
196-197 
Consolidated statement of cash flows .............................................................................  
198 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ................................................................  
199-544 
– Part A – Accounting policies ........................................................................................  
201-271 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet .............................................  
272-353 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement .......................................  
354-378 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income ............................................................  
379 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies ........................................  
380-513 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital ..............................................................  
514-516 
– Part G – Business combinations...................................................................................  
517-528 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties ............  
529-535 
– Part I – Share-based payments.....................................................................................  
536-540

--- Page 52 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 43 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
Page 
number(s) 
– Part L – Segment reporting ..........................................................................................  
541-543 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 ..........................................................................................  
545 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements .........................  
547-557 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...................................................  
559-592 
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2019 Annual Report 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .............................................................................................  
172-173 
Consolidated income statement .......................................................................................  
174 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ..........................................................  
175 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity .................................................................  
176-177 
Consolidated statement of cash flows .............................................................................  
178 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ................................................................  
179-534 
– Part A – Accounting policies ........................................................................................  
181-257 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet .............................................  
258-343 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement .......................................  
344-367 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income ............................................................  
368 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies ........................................  
369-504 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital ..............................................................  
505-509 
– Part G – Business combinations...................................................................................  
510-515 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties ............  
516-522 
– Part I – Share-based payments.....................................................................................  
523-526 
– Part L – Segment reporting ..........................................................................................  
527-529 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ......................................................................................  
530-534 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 ..........................................................................................  
535 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements .........................  
537-545 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...................................................  
547-572 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group - Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2020 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ............................................................................................  
60-61 
Consolidated income statement ......................................................................................  
62 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .........................................................  
63 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ................................................................  
64-65 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ............................................................................  
66 
Explanatory Notes ..........................................................................................................  
67-196 
Accounting policies ........................................................................................................  
69-76 
Subsequent events ...........................................................................................................  
77 
Economic results ............................................................................................................  
78-96 
Balance sheet aggregates ...............................................................................................  
97-130 
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area and geographical area ................  
131-158 
Risk management............................................................................................................  
159-189 
Shareholder base, related party transactions and other information ............................  
190-196 
Certification of the half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements pursuant 
to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 .............................................................  
197 
Independent Auditors' Report .........................................................................................  
199-202 
Attachments ....................................................................................................................  
203-226

--- Page 53 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 44 - 
47-41006023 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group – Interim 3rd Quarter Report as at 30 September 2020 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ............................................................................................  
42-43 
Consolidated income statement ......................................................................................  
44 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .........................................................  
45 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ................................................................  
46-47 
Economic results ............................................................................................................  
51-68 
Balance sheet aggregates ...............................................................................................  
69-86 
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area .....................................................  
87-104 
Risk management............................................................................................................  
105-122 
Accounting policies ........................................................................................................  
123-125 
Declaration of the Manager responsible for preparing the company's financial reports 
126 
Attachments ....................................................................................................................  
127-149 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 2018 Annual Reports 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Independent Auditors' report ........................................................................................  
10-14 
Income statement ..........................................................................................................  
15 
Statement of comprehensive income ............................................................................  
16 
Statement of financial position .....................................................................................  
17 
Statement of changes in equity .....................................................................................  
18 
Cash flow .....................................................................................................................  
19 
Notes to the financial statements ..................................................................................  
20-207 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 2019 Annual Reports 
 
Page 
number(s) 
 
Independent auditor's report 
10-14 
Income statement 
15 
Statement of comprehensive income 
16 
Statement of financial position 
17 
Statement of changes in equity 
18 
Statement of cashflow 
19 
Notes to the financial statements 
20-109 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 2020 Half-Yearly Reports 
 
Page 
number(s) 
(PDF 
reference) 
Profit and Loss Account ...............................................................................................  
4 
Balance Sheet ...............................................................................................................  
5 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 2018 Annual Reports

--- Page 54 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 45 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
Page number(s) 
(references are 
to pages of the 
pdf. version) 
Statement of financial position ....................................................................................  
12-13 
Statement of profit or loss or other comprehensive income ........................................  
14-15 
Statement of changes in equity ....................................................................................  
16 
Statement of cash flow ................................................................................................  
17 
Notes to the financial statements .................................................................................  
18-91 
Independent auditors' report ........................................................................................  
92-97 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 2019 Financial Statements 
 
Page number(s) 
(references are 
to pages of the 
pdf. version) 
Independent auditor's report ........................................................................................ 
11-15  
Statement of financial position .................................................................................... 
16-17 
Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income ...................................... 
18-19 
Statement of changes in equity .................................................................................... 
20 
Statement of cash flows ............................................................................................... 
21-22 
Notes to the financial statements ................................................................................. 
23-128 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 2018 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Page 
number(s)  
 
(references 
are to pages 
of the pdf. 
version) 
Consolidated statement of financial position ..................................................................  
14-15 
16-17 
18 
19-20 
21-128 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income ...................  
Consolidated statement of changes in equity .................................................................  
Consolidated statement of cash flow ..............................................................................  
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ...............................................................  
Independent auditors' report ...........................................................................................  
9-13 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Page 
number(s)  
 
(references are 
to pages of the 
pdf. version) 
Consolidated statement of financial position ................................................................ 
17-18    
19-20 
21 
22-23 
24-64 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income .................   
Consolidated statement of changes in equity ............................................................... 
Consolidated statement of cash flow ............................................................................ 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ............................................................. 
Independent auditors' report ......................................................................................... 
11-16

--- Page 55 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 46 - 
47-41006023 
 
2019 Base Prospectus 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes ......................................................... 
51-100 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes ........................................................... 
101-145 
For the purposes of Article 19(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, only the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes of the 2019 Base Prospectus are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any non-incorporated parts of the 2019 Base 
Prospectus are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 47 - 
47-41006023 
 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuers will prepare a new Base Prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and financial 
conditions of the Issuers at least every year after the date of this Base Prospectus and each subsequent Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers have given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, 
they shall prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
Notes and shall supply to each Dealer any number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably 
request. Any supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus shall be approved by the CSSF. 
In addition, the Issuers may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in "Form of 
Final Terms" on pages 154 to 171. To this extent, and/or to the extent that the information relating to that 
Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") will be made 
available and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a 
single document containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and the relevant Notes 
or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, by a registration document containing the 
necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer, a securities note containing the necessary information 
relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is 
the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to information specified or 
identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as 
information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 48 - 
47-41006023 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in New Global Note form, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the 
Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in New Global Note form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in New Global Note form 
are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other 
criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in New Global 
Note form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt 
securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 
2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the New Global Note form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an 
increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 58 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 49 - 
47-41006023 
 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only he bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Save as described below, where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive 
Notes in the circumstances described above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral 
multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, so long as the clearing systems so permit and subject to 
any minimum denomination applicable to Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, where the 
Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (c) above, Notes 
may be issued and will be tradable in denominations which represent the aggregate of (i) a minimum 
Specified Denomination of €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), plus (ii) 
integral multiples of another smaller amount, provided that, although greater than €100,000 (or €250,000 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (or its equivalent in another currency), are not integral multiples 
of €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (or its equivalent). For the avoidance 
of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive 
Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination 
may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated or 
in the case of a New Global Note Permanent Global Note effectuated and with Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global

--- Page 59 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 50 - 
47-41006023 
 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent 
within 60 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Save as described above, where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive 
Notes in the circumstances described above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral 
multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, so long as the clearing systems so permit and subject to 
any minimum denomination applicable to Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, where the 
Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (c) above, Notes 
may be issued and will be tradable in denominations which represent the aggregate of (i) a minimum 
Specified Denomination of €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), plus (ii) 
integral multiples of another smaller amount, provided that, although greater than €100,000 (or €250,000 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (or its equivalent in another currency), are not integral multiples 
of €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (or its equivalent). For the avoidance 
of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive 
Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination 
may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated or 
in the case of a New Global Note Permanent Global Note effectuated and with Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the English Law Notes", 
and "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 60 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 51 - 
47-41006023 
 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D Rules or TEFRA C Rules are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under 
the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either Individual Note Certificates or a global Note 
in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion 
of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements 
for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 
2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem 
operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the NSS, 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance 
with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in 
the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf

--- Page 61 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 52 - 
47-41006023 
 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Global Note Certificate for 
Individual Note Certificates for a period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes for the English Law Notes", and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Italian Law Notes" below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 62 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 53 - 
47-41006023 
 
MONTE TITOLI NOTES 
Notes which are specified in the relevant Final Terms as having Monte Titoli as a clearing system will be 
held on behalf of the beneficial owners thereof, from their date of issue until their redemption, by Monte 
Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. The expression "Monte Titoli account 
holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Monte Titoli and include any financial intermediary appointed by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the account of participants in Euroclear and/ or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 63 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 54 - 
47-41006023 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Conditions applicable to Global Notes" above. 
Further information related to Inflation Linked Notes is contained in Annex 1 (Further information related 
to Inflation Linked Notes) below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. ("Intesa Sanpaolo" or the "Bank"), Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Ireland p.l.c. ("INSPIRE") and Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. ("Intesa Luxembourg") 
have established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of 
up to €70,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of English law governed notes (the "English 
Law Notes" or the "Notes") guaranteed, in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg, by Intesa Sanpaolo (in this capacity, the "Guarantor") pursuant to a Deed of 
Guarantee (as defined below) to be entered upon the issuance of such guaranteed Notes. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions governed 
by English law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Trust Deed: The Notes are subject to and have the benefit of an amended and restated trust deed 
dated 22 December 2020 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, and 
including the Deed of Guarantee (as defined below), the "Trust Deed") made between Intesa 
Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg and Trustee, which expression shall include all persons 
for the time being the trustee or trustees appointed under the Trust Deed. 
(d) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated paying agency agreement 
dated 22 December 2020 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") between Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg, the Trustee, 
Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch as principal paying agent (the "Principal 
Paying Agent", which expression includes any successor principal paying agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent", which expression 
includes any successor transfer agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) 
and paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar, the 
"Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes). 
(e) 
Deed of Guarantee: Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg shall have the benefit of a 
deed of guarantee (the "Deed of Guarantee") entered into in respect of such Notes. 
(f) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for inspection 
and obtainable free of charge by the public during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Trustee, the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered 
Notes the Registrar, and, in any event, at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, 
the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed, Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee (if entered into in respect of an issue of Notes) and are 
subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Guarantee (if any) applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement 
and the Deed of Guarantee (if entered into in respect of an issue of Notes) are available for

--- Page 64 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 55 - 
47-41006023 
 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of the Trustee and 
each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
(h) 
Issuers: References in these Conditions to "Issuer" are to the entity specified as the Issuer in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reseaonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
including, without limitation, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, 
the Capital Instruments Regulations, Circular No. 285, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM 
Regulation and any other regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer) or of the institutions of the European Union and standards and guidlines issued by the 
European Banking Authority; 
"Approved Reorganisation" means a solvent and voluntary reorganisation involving, alone or 
with others, the Issuer or, as applicable, the Guarantor, and whether by way of consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger, transfer of all or substantially all of its business or assets, or otherwise 
provided that the principal resulting, surviving or transferee entity (a "Resulting Entity") is a 
banking company and effectively assumes all the obligations of the Issuer or, as applicable, the 
Guarantor, under, or in respect of, the Notes or, as applicable, the Guarantee of the Notes;

--- Page 65 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 56 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU 
as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures; and (iv) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Bearer Note" means a Note in bearer form; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, 
or will cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the BMR, if applicable); 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Reference Rate 
methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Event. In the event of a change in the formula and/or 
(mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Relevant Benchmark, reference shall be 
made to the Reference Rate based on the formula and/or methodology as changed. 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence 
of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 
16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform 
Package into Italian law);

--- Page 66 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 57 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong/the Principal Financial Centre of 
Renminbi and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 58 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
(as the case may be and, where applicable), whether introduced before or after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of Notes, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own 
Funds to the extent required under the CRD IV Package; 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Circular No. 285" means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition 
of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law); 
"CNY" or "Renminbi" means the lawful currency of the PRC; 
"Coupon" means an interest coupon relating to a Bearer Note; 
"Couponholder" means the holder of a Coupon; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without 
limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"CRD IV Package" means the CRR and the CRD IV; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 setting out prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 68 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 59 - 
47-41006023 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" (in respect of Condition 6) is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 
30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not 
be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall 
not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vii) 
If "30/360" (in respect of Condition 7) or "360/360" is specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 69 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 60 - 
47-41006023 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(ix) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
"Delegated Regulation" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards for Own Funds 
requirements for institutions, as amended and replaced from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"EONIA" means the underlying interest is the rate at which banks of sound financial standing in 
the European Union and European Free Trade Area (EFTA) countries lend funds in the interbank 
money market in euro. Prior to 1 October 2019, EONIA was computed as a weighted average of 
overnight unsecured lending transactions in the EU and EFTA interbank market. Since 1 October 
2019, EONIA is calculated with a reformed methodology tracking the €STR, the new euro short-
term rate of the European Central Bank (ECB), as defined below. Under the reformed 
methodology, EONIA is calculated as the €STR plus a spread of 8.5 basis points;

--- Page 70 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 61 - 
47-41006023 
 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended from 
time to time; 
"€STR" means the euro short-term rate that reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the euro area. The €STR is published on each TARGET2 
business day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous TARGET2 business day 
(the reporting date "T") with a maturity date of T+1 which are deemed to have been executed at 
arm's length and thus reflect market rates in an unbiased way. The ECB publishes the €STR at 
08:00 CET on each TARGET2 business day; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (other than Inflation Linked Notes), 
its principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms provided that, in any case, such amount will be at least equal to the 
relevant par value. In respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the "Final Redemption Amount" means an 
amount different from the relevant par value as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that under no circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, that has been given by the Guarantor in the Deed of Guarantee 
entered into in relation to that issue of Notes; 
"Holder" means a Registered Holder or, as the context requires, the holder of a Bearer Note; 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China; 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) 
liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan capital, certificates of deposit, loan stock or other like instruments or securities 
offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placement, acquisition 
consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration 
other than cash; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"INSPIRE Duplicate Register" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(e) (Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or

--- Page 71 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 62 - 
47-41006023 
 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"Irish Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension 
power, whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group entities, existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Ireland including those: 
(i) 
relating to the transposition of BRRD, including but not limited to the European Union 
(Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015 as amended or replaced from time to 
time (the "BRRD Irish Regulations") and the instruments rules and standards created 
thereunder; and 
(ii) 
constituting or relating to the SRM Regulation and the instruments rules and standards 
created thereunder, 
in each case, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such 
regulated entity) can be reduced (including to zero), cancelled, modified or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for 
a temporary period). For this purpose, a reference to a "regulated entity" is to any entity to which 
for the purposes of (i) above, the BRRD Irish Regulation apply and, for the purposes of (ii) above, 
the SRM Regulation applies, which in each case includes certain credit institutions, investment 
firms and certain of their parent or holding companies. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension 
power whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group entities, existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including those relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, 
Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated 
entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted 
into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period); 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that Own 
Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are 
subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other 
instruments of ownership; 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power, whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action, of 
credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group entities, existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, 
including those (i) relating to the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the 
Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative aux mesures de résolution, d'assainissement et de 
liquidation des établissements de crédit et de certaines enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux

--- Page 72 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 63 - 
47-41006023 
 
systèmes de garantie des dépôts et d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time 
(the "Luxembourg BRRD Law"), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising 
under Luxembourg law and (iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity or other affiliate of such 
regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or 
other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period) 
and any right in a contract governing an obligation of a regulated entity may be deemed to have 
been exercised. For this purpose, a reference to a "regulated entity" is to any institution or entity 
(which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) 
referred to in points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with 
respect to the SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is or will 
be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements 
provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not 
constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such 
Senior Preferred Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general 
requirements for eligible liabilities (to the extent applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group) 
does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements as a result 
of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo or as a result of a purchase which 
is funded directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification 
Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group, from time to time, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts 
(such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic 
of Italy, a Relevant Authority or the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or 
not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to Intesa 
Sanpaolo and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Note Certificate" means a certificate issued to each Registered Holder in respect of its registered 
holding of Notes; 
"Noteholder" means a holder of a Bearer Note or, as the context requires, a Registered Holder; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 73 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 64 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro or Renminbi, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(iii) 
if the currency of payment is Renminbi, a day (other than Saturday, Sunday, or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong/the Principal Financial Centre of 
Renminbi and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Terms and 
Conditions, shall exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China and Taiwan; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand 
dollars, it means Wellington; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means Hong Kong; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 74 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 65 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes; 
(C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the 
Senior Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes 
to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of the Irish Bail-in Power) 
with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by INSPIRE, or Condition 25 
(Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg; and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) with respect 
to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of 
the Irish Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by INSPIRE, or 
Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg, have terms not materially less favourable 
to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably 
following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international 
standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights 
under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in 
Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution;

--- Page 75 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 66 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities, whether debt, equity, interests in limited 
partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms such that they comply with the then-current minimum requirements 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
or the Group (as applicable); (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated 
Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption 
rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; 
(F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned 
to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in 
Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, 
certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank 
or financial adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, than the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the 
Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Register" means the register maintained by the Registrar in respect of Registered Notes in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
"Registered Holder" means the person in whose name a Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof); 
"Registered Note" means a Note in registered form; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 76 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 67 - 
47-41006023 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means a change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority considers 
to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from the 
classification as of the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in 
whole or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part from Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or the Group, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds and, in the event of any 
redemption upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulations, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer 
as the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
"Relevant Authority" means (i) in respect of Italy, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, 
or any successor authority having responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the 
Group within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council 
Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 ("SSM") and in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and/or, as the context may require, the Italian resolution authority, the Single 
Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other authority in Italy 
or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in 
Power or having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of Intesa 
Sanpaolo from time to time; (ii) in respect of Ireland, the Central Bank of Ireland and/or any other 
authority in Ireland or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of 
the Irish Bail-in Power from time to time; and (iii) in respect of Luxembourg, the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier, acting in its capacity as resolution authority within the meaning 
of Article 3(1) of the BRRD, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM 
Regulation, and/or any other authority in Luxembourg or in the European Union entitled to exercise 
or participate in the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or 
prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service and the Moneyline 
Telerate Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate;

--- Page 77 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 68 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Renminbi Calculation Agent" means the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Spot Rate (as defined in Condition 11(q)) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Trust Deed; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to 
or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
"Switch Option" means, if Change of Interest Basis and Issuer's Switch Option are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the option of the Issuer, at its sole absolute discretion, on 
one or more occasions and subject to the provisions of Condition 7(h), to change the Interest Basis 
of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate, to Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, with effect from (and including) the Switch Option 
Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor to TARGET2) is open; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended; 
"Yield" means the yield specified in the Final Terms, as calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;

--- Page 78 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 69 - 
47-41006023 
 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Trust 
Deed; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued as Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
Notes in Bearer Form: Bearer Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons (if 
applicable) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the 
case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination.  
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
(c) 
Minimum Denomination: The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000. 
(d) 
Notes in Registered Form: Registered Notes are issued in the Specified Denominations and may 
be held in holdings equal to the Specified Minimum Amount (specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and integral multiples equal to the Specified Increments (specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
excess thereof (an "Authorised Holding"). 
(e) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A Note Certificate will be issued to each Registered Holder 
in respect of its holding of Notes. With respect to Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg, each time 
the Register is amended or updated, the Registrar shall send a copy of the Register to Intesa 
Luxembourg. With respect to Notes issued by INSPIRE, upon entry into of this Agreement and 
each time the Register is amended or updated, the Registrar shall send a copy of the Register to 
INSPIRE who will keep an updated copy, the INSPIRE Duplicate Register. In the event of 
inconsistency between the Register and the INSPIRE Duplicate Register, the INSPIRE Duplicate 
Register shall, for the purposes of Irish law, prevail. Each Note Certificate will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. 
(f) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(g) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (j) (Closed periods) and (k) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes

--- Page 79 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 70 - 
47-41006023 
 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Notes not transferred are Authorised Holdings. Where not all 
the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, 
a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the 
transferor. 
(h) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (g) (Transfer of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar 
will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount 
to the Registered Notes transferred to each Registered Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case 
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant 
Registered Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for 
the purpose by such Registered Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(i) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such 
indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of 
any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. 
(j) 
Closed periods: Registered Holders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 
15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(k) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable) with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Registered Holder who requests 
in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status – Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Senior Preferred Notes and specified in the Final 
Terms as being Senior Preferred Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Non-
Preferred Senior Preferred Notes) ("Senior Preferred Notes"). 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations (including deposits) of the 
Issuer, present and future (other than obligations ranking, in accordance with their terms and/or by 
provision of law, junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time (including Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes following the Issue Date)) if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred Senior obligations and intended to 
qualify as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" of Intesa Sanpaolo, as defined 
under Article 12 bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time ("Senior Non-
Preferred Notes").

--- Page 80 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 71 - 
47-41006023 
 
The obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of Intesa Sanpaolo, as defined under, 
and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority) in respect of principal, interest and other amounts constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo, 
ranking:  
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of Intesa Sanpaolo which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision 
of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising from the 
excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future 
obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to 
rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of Intesa 
Sanpaolo,  
pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from 
time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note.  
(c) 
Status – Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable only in relation to Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
and specified in the Final Terms as being subordinated and intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital 
("Subordinated Notes"). 
(i) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital 
purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in Circular No. 285, including any successor 
regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo (other than those subordinated obligations expressed by 
their terms to rank lower or higher than the Subordinated Notes) save of those preferred 
by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. In the event of compulsory winding-
up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of 
Legislative Decree of 1 September 1993, No. 385 of the Republic of Italy as amended (the 
"Consolidated Banking Act") or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in 
accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act, the payment 
obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of principal and interest under the Subordinated 
Notes will be subordinated to the claims of Intesa Sanpaolo Senior Creditors (as defined 
below) and will rank pari passu with Parity Creditors. 
"Intesa Sanpaolo Senior Creditors" means creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims 
are admitted to proof in the winding up of Intesa Sanpaolo and who are either (a) 
unsubordinated creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo or (b) creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose 
claims against Intesa Sanpaolo are, or are expressed to be, subordinated in the event of the 
winding up of Intesa Sanpaolo but senior to the Subordinated Notes, and

--- Page 81 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 72 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Parity Creditors" means creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (including, without limitation, the 
Subordinated Noteholders, and the Subordinated Couponholders) whose claims against 
Intesa Sanpaolo are, or are expressed to be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of 
Intesa Sanpaolo in any manner to the claims of any unsecured and unsubordinated creditor 
of Intesa Sanpaolo, but excluding those subordinated creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (if any) 
whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, junior or senior to the claims of the 
Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated Couponholders and/or to the claims of any 
other creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
with the claims of the Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated Couponholders or with 
whose claims the claims of the Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated 
Couponholders rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu. 
(ii) 
Loss Absorption 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under 
the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant 
Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss 
Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable 
law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(iii) 
Set-Off 
Neither any Subordinated Noteholder or Subordinated Couponholder nor the Trustee may 
exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by Intesa 
Sanpaolo arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or Subordinated 
Coupons and each Subordinated Noteholder, and Subordinated Couponholder shall, by 
virtue of his subscription, purchase or holding of any Subordinated Note or Subordinated 
Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Status of the Guarantee 
This Condition 5 is applicable in relation to Notes if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as having the benefit of the Guarantee of the Notes and upon the entering into of a Deed of 
Guarantee. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee of the Notes (if stated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and upon the entering into of a Deed of Guarantee) constitute direct, general, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank equally (subject to any 
obligation preferred by any applicable law) with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations (including deposits) of the Guarantor (present and future). 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes (a) if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) 
if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 82 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 73 - 
47-41006023 
 
Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). As specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set 
out in this Condition 6. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro and Renminbi, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency, in the case of euro, means one cent and, in the case of Renminbi, means 
CNY 0.01. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is the multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the multiple of the product of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement) is applicable to 
the Notes only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions, EONIA Linked Interest Notes, CMS 
Linked Interest Notes or the Inflation Linked Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of 
those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. The 
applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of the interest and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 7 for full information on the manner in which interest 
is calculated. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
7(b) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). As specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set 
out in this Condition 7. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination (other than EONIA and CMS Linked Interest Notes): If Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 83 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 74 - 
47-41006023 
 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the 
"Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by 
the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated as it follows, subject to 
letter (f) below: 
(i) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(ii) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C]

--- Page 84 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 75 - 
47-41006023 
 
(iii) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or: 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M= Margin 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (y): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage" and "Margin" shall have 
the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
if, the relevant Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page or if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent  a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(ii) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,

--- Page 85 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 76 - 
47-41006023 
 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the 
"Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by 
the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of 
the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the 
Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate 
(LIBOR) or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR) for a currency, 
the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7, if the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative

--- Page 86 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 77 - 
47-41006023 
 
rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page 
or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(f)); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of 
interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of 
an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-
off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced 
the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in 
the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is 
most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall 
be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be 
such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided 
however that if (a) this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to 
determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page no later 
than five (5) Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), or (b) in case the 
provisions relating to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or the provisions relating to the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event in case of a Benchmark Event is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (as applicable), the provisions under this 
Condition 7(f) would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a MREL 
Disqualification Event (as applicable), or (c) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, the provisions under this Condition 7(f) would result in 
the Relevant Authority treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then the Reference Rate applicable to 
such Interest Period shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the 
Relevant Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, the first paragraph of this Condition 7(f); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark 
and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(f)); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that (a) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (b) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to

--- Page 87 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 78 - 
47-41006023 
 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify amendments to 
the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the 
Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order 
to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread, which amendments shall apply to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(f)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) 
give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). Prior to any amendment being effected under this 
Condition 7(f) due to a Benchmark Event (each, a "Benchmark Amendment") taking 
effect, the Issuer shall provide a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories to the 
Trustee confirming, in the Issuer's reasonable opinion (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser), (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and (iv) where applicable, the terms of any Benchmark Amendments in each case 
determined in accordance with this Condition 7 that such Benchmark Amendments are 
necessary to give effect to any application of this Condition 7 and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate without further enquiry or liability to any person. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be liable to the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective 
of whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any 
such person. The Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or where 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments and without 
prejudice to the Trustee's ability to rely on such certificate (as aforesaid) will be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the other Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a variation (as 
applicable) of the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(f)(vi) above and the Trustee shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by 
two Authorised Signatories (as aforesaid), be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its 
reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency 
Agreement), provided it would not, in the Trustee's sole opinion, have the effect of (i) exposing 
the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or 
protection, of the Trustee in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions. 
(g) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Change of Interest Basis. If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6 or Condition 7, each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable), may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at its option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders

--- Page 88 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 79 - 
47-41006023 
 
in accordance with Condition 19 on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the 
Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch 
Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
(or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch 
Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch 
Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option 
Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch 
Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch 
Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the 
Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant 
Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount 
of such Note during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
(j) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), the Trustee, the Paying Agents and each stock exchange 
(if any) on which the Notes are then listed as soon as practicable after such determination but (in 
the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable), the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes.

--- Page 89 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 80 - 
47-41006023 
 
8. 
Inflation Linked Note 
This Condition 8 (Inflation Linked Note) is applicable to the Notes only if the Inflation Linked 
Notes Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
(i) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of [YoY] Inflation Linked Notes, 
for each Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party 
specified in the Final Terms, on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [[Index Factor]*[YoY] Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of 
Condition 7(f) above shall apply as appropriate. 
Where: 
"Index Factor" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if Index Factor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be 
equal to one; 
"Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"[YoY] Inflation" means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in 
month (t), the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൤
𝐼𝑛𝑓𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ሺ𝑡ሻ
𝐼𝑛𝑓𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ሺ𝑡െ1ሻെ1൨ 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the 
Maturity Date falls; 
"Inflation Index (t-1)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest 
Payment Date falls; 
"Margin" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Month" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount – [YoY] Inflation Linked Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date in respect of [YoY] Inflation 
Linked Notes may be i) 100% of the Nominal Amount of the Notes or ii) (if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) a [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount to be calculated on 
the [Maturity Date/ relevant Determination Date] on the basis of the following formula: 
[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount = Nominal Amount x (Inflation Index (t)/Inflation 
Index (0))]

--- Page 90 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 81 - 
47-41006023 
 
Where: 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the 
Maturity Date falls; and 
"Inflation Index (0)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Issue Date falls. 
The [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount may be subject to a minimum or a maximum 
amount (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that under no 
circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Nominal Amount of 
the Notes. 
(iii) 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 
8 or as specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this Condition 8, each 
Inflation Linked Note will bear interest in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation Linked Notes: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
such other events (if any) specified as an Additional Disruption Event in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, 
(ii) any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of its 
affiliates or any other Hedging Party), or (iii), if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the 
performance of the Guarantor under the Guarantee has become unlawful. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior 
to any due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant 
Determination Date is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date and an 
Inflation Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the 
level of such Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month 
which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in 
respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the 
Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation

--- Page 91 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 82 - 
47-41006023 
 
the relevant Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which 
is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) 
the End Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after 
the End Date if there is no such bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest 
maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation 
Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European 
Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt 
obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, 
Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the 
Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued 
on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing 
on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those 
bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback 
Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected from 
all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any 
bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk 
of the Issuer (or the Guarantor (as appropriate)) issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates or any 
other party providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in 
relation to the Notes as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer (or, if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, 
the Guarantor (as appropriate)) issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Inflation Index" means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that 
publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index 
which, as of the Issue Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index 
is reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information 
is published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was 
reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which 
the Relevant Level is reported. 
"Related Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Fallback Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall 
use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related 
Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable

--- Page 92 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 83 - 
47-41006023 
 
Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: 
Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" 
above. 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions 
(A) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect 
of an Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then 
the Relevant Level for such Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference 
Month subject to such Delayed Index Level Event (the "Substitute Index Level") 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(1) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(2) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not 
able to determine a Substitute Index Level under (i) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by 
reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); 
or 
(3) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior 
to the month for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to Condition 8(ii). 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time 
on or after the relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any 
calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 
8 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month.

--- Page 93 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 84 - 
47-41006023 
 
(B) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not 
been published or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the 
Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor otherwise cancels the Inflation 
Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (the 
"Successor Inflation Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event 
has been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 8(iv)(B)(5) below), a successor inflation index has been 
designated by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor inflation index shall 
be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" notwithstanding that any 
other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been determined 
under Conditions 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) or 8(iv)(B)(4)below; 
(2) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Condition 8(iv)(B)(1) above, and a notice has been given or an 
announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying 
that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement Inflation 
Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation 
Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the 
same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such 
replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation Linked Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect; 
(3) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Conditions 8(iv)(B)(1) or 8(iv)(B)(2) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index 
for the Inflation Index should be. If four or five responses are received 
and, of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor 
Inflation Index". If three responses are received and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the 
"Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are received or 
no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this Condition 
8(iv)(B)(3), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 8(iv)(B)(4) 
below; 
(4) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Conditions 8(iv)(B)(1), 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) above by the next 
occurring Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
below, will determine an appropriate alternative index from such Cut-
Off Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; 
or 
(5) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate 
alternative index in relation to Inflation Linked Notes, on giving notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Issuer 
shall redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation 
Linked Notes, each Inflation Linked Note being redeemed or cancelled, 
as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices).

--- Page 94 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 85 - 
47-41006023 
 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be 
rebased at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will 
be used for purposes of determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date 
of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make 
adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so 
that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation 
Index before it was rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to 
the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same 
rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor 
announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the 
Calculation Agent shall make any such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, consistent with adjustments 
made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index 
necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar 
days of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index 
Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error 
in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such 
adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Notes as it determines appropriate 
to account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such 
adjustments in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may at its option: 
(1) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of 
the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(2) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked 
Notes on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount, as at the date of redemption or cancellation, as 
applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. 
The redemption or cancellation referred to in this Condition 8(a)(iv) 
(Inflation Index Delay and Disruption Provisions) shall be subject to (i) 
in case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment 
or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 10(m) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 95 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 86 - 
47-41006023 
 
(G) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index 
or the Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to 
be obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the 
Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. 
Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation 
Index and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person 
of any error therein. The Inflation Index Sponsor is not making any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. Neither the Issuer nor, if the 
Notes are guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor shall have liability to the Noteholders 
for any act or failure to act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the 
calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed 
prior to the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither the Issuer 
nor, if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor nor their affiliates has any 
affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation 
Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the 
Inflation Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not 
independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by 
the Issuer, if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor, its, or as appropriate, 
their affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and 
timeliness of information concerning the Inflation Index. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased, or cancelled, the Subordinated Notes will be redeemed 
in whole at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, in the manner provided for in 
Condition 11 (Payments). The Subordinated Notes are not redeemable at the option of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the 
Subordinated Notes only in accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRR being met and not prior to five (5) years from their Issue Date, except where 
the conditions set out in (i) Article 78(4) of the CRR, or (ii) in the case of repurchases for market 
making purposes, Article 29 of the Delegated Regulation, are met (see Condition 10(b)

--- Page 96 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 87 - 
47-41006023 
 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 
Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10(j) (Purchase), 
Condition 10(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes) and Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment 
or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation Linked 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of the notice by the 
Issuer referred to above that it has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy, in 
the case of Intesa Sanpaolo, or Ireland, in the case of INSPIRE, or Luxembourg 
in the case of Intesa Luxembourg, or any political subdivision or any authority or 
agency thereof or therein, or any change in the application or interpretation or 
administration of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment (such 
change or amendment being material and not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue 
Date in the case of Subordinated Notes) becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
the Guarantor (where applicable) satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to the 
giving of the notice by the Issuer referred to above that it has or (if a demand were 
made under the Guarantee of the Notes) would become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy or 
any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein, or any 
change in the application or interpretation or administration of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event"). 
At least 15 days prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and 
such evidence shall be sufficient to the Trustee and conclusive and binding on the Noteholders). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(b) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase 
of Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 97 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 88 - 
47-41006023 
 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to 
in this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Call Option in accordance with this Condition 10(c) may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date. After the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, the redemption referred to in this 
Condition 10(c) shall be subject to Condition 10(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to 
in this Condition 10(c) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: 
(i) 
Partial Redemption of Bearer Notes: If Bearer Notes are to be redeemed in part only on 
any date in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Trustee 
approves and in such manner as the Trustee considers appropriate, subject to compliance 
with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange on which the Notes are then 
listed, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If 
any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(ii) 
Partial Redemption of Registered Notes: If Registered Notes are to be redeemed in part 
only on any date in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), each Registered Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registered Notes to be redeemed on the 
relevant Option Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Registered Notes on such date. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
This provision is not applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Put Option and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 10(e) for full 
information on any Put Option. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) and the applicable notice periods. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Holder of any 
Note must, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, deposit with any Agent 
such Note together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and 
a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Agent. The Agent with which 
a Note is so deposited shall immediately notify the Issuer and shall deliver a duly completed Put

--- Page 98 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 89 - 
47-41006023 
 
Option Receipt to the depositing Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, 
that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately 
due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been 
given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by an Agent in accordance with this Condition 
10(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of Note for 
all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call): If Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the occurrence 
of a Regulatory Event, the Issuer may redeem such Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption, provided that (to the extent required by 
applicable law or regulation) the Issuer has given not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice to the Trustee, the Agents and the Noteholders of such Subordinated 
Notes (such notice being irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for such redemption. 
Upon the expiry of such notice period, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Subordinated Notes 
accordingly. 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(f) shall be subject to Condition 10(m) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
due to a MREL Disqualification Event: If redemption at the option of the Issuer due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), the Trustee and the Agents, 
redeem the Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in whole but not in part, 
then outstanding at any time (if the Senior Preferred Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Senior 
Preferred Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked 
Note), if the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(g), the Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(g). 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(g) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes). 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(h) or,

--- Page 99 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 90 - 
47-41006023 
 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of Actual/Actual (or 30/360 if such request is made 
to and accepted by the respective Issuer). 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) may at any time, including for 
marketing purposes, purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided 
that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the 
option of the purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. The repurchases referred 
to in this Condition 10(j) shall be subject to Condition 10(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 10(n) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes). 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed by the Issuers or the Guarantor (where applicable) and any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
(l) 
Redemption Amount: For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will the Redemption Amount of any 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo be lower than the principal amount of the Notes. 
(m) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of such Notes in accordance with Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay And 
Disruption Provisions), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory purposes (Regulatory Call)), or Condition 10(j) (Purchase) or Condition 17 (Meetings 
of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution Additional Issuers) (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 17) is subject to conditions 
compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), a Regulatory Event has occurred; 
or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or

--- Page 100 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 91 - 
47-41006023 
 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority 
from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 
per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from 
time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding 
paragraph.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase 
in accordance with Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions), 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption due to taxation), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10(j) (Purchase), Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event) 
or Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution Additional 
Issuers) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 17) 
of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible 
to meet the MREL Requirements (Eligible Liabilities Instruments) or, in case of a redemption 
pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified as liabilities that are 
eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification 
Event, to compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that 
the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 
78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, 
instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out in sub-pargraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph.

--- Page 101 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 92 - 
47-41006023 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
11. 
Payments 
Payments under Bearer Notes 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
(or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency, and (ii) in 
the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) 
surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer and (where applicable) the Guarantor have 
appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Bearer Notes 
in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such 
interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented for payment on redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment such missing Coupons shall become void. 
Each sum of principal deducted pursuant to (i) above shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the Inflation Linked Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(e)

--- Page 102 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 93 - 
47-41006023 
 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 11(c) 
(Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet 
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims 
have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no 
Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
Payments under Registered Notes 
(k) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on or, upon application by a 
Registered Holder to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the 15th day 
before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
(or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of such currency, and (ii) in 
the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre of that currency, and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
(l) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by 
cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on or, upon application by a Registered 
Holder to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the 15th day before the 
due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre of such currency, and (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency, and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
(m) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments.

--- Page 103 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 94 - 
47-41006023 
 
(n) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of an Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the 
due date for payment. A Registered Holder shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a business 
day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for 
payment or being lost in the mail. 
(o) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the relevant Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall procure that the amount and date of such 
payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note 
Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the 
relevant Note Certificate. 
(p) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in 
respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
The following Condition 11(q) shall apply to all Renminbi Notes in addition to the provisions 
governing payments under Bearer Notes and Registered Notes above: 
(q) 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, is not able, or it would be impracticable for any of them, to satisfy payments of principal 
or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of Renminbi Notes when due in Renminbi in the Principal 
Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of that currency, the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, on giving not less than five nor more than 30 
days' irrevocable notice to the Principal Paying Agent and Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy their respective 
obligations in respect of such payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at 
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi-denominated amount. 
In such event, payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest amount 
in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made by a U.S. dollar denominated cheque drawn on a 
bank in New York City and mailed to the Holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of the 
Renminbi Notes at its address appearing in the Register, or, upon application by the Holder of the 
Renminbi Notes to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record 
Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated account maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
New York City. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(q): 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the 
Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, 
London and New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the

--- Page 104 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 95 - 
47-41006023 
 
central bank) of the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as 
applicable) of Renminbi; 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the 
relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi 
in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
Renminbi Notes as determined by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to convert any amount due in respect of the Renminbi 
Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant 
Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Renminbi Notes and it is impossible 
for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside the 
Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, 
from an account outside the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre 
(as applicable) of Renminbi to an account inside the Principal Financial Centre or such relevant 
Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi or from an account inside the Principal Financial Centre 
or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi to an account outside the 
Principal Financial Centre or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi, other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Renminbi 
Notes and it is impossible for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional 
Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi; 
"Spot Rate" means the spot U.S. dollar/Renminbi exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars 
with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial 
Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, as determined by 
the Renminbi Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at or 
around 11.00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre of Renminbi) on the Determination Date, 
on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is 
available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither 
rate is available, the Renminbi Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre 
or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi) on the Determination Date as the most 
recently available U.S. dollar/Renminbi official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination 
Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is 
reported on Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means 
the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor 
service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate; and 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Determination Date promptly notified to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Paying Agents. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 11(q) by

--- Page 105 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 96 - 
47-41006023 
 
the Renminbi Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or gross negligence) 
be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and all Holders of 
the Renminbi Notes. 
(r) 
Payments in Renminbi: Notwithstanding the foregoing, any payments in respect of the Notes to be 
made in Renminbi will be made in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to 
the settlement of Renminbi in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial 
Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi) by credit or transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre or such relevant 
Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons (if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, present or future, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy, Ireland (where the 
Issuer is INSPIRE) or Luxembourg (where the Issuer is Intesa Luxembourg), or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor shall 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding or deduction shall be equal 
to the amounts of principal, in case of Senior Preferred Notes not qualifying at such time as 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, and interest, in case of any Notes, 
and which would otherwise have been receivable by them if no such withholding or deduction had 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any payment 
of any interest or principal either: 
(i) 
(in respect of payments by Intesa Sanpaolo) for or on account of Imposta Sostitutiva (at 
the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 
1996 (as amended), the "Legislative Decree No. 239" or, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as amended or supplemented) 
or any related implementing regulations and in all circumstances in which the procedures 
set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 in order to benefit from a tax exemption have not 
been met or complied with except where such procedures have not been met or complied 
with due to the actions or omissions of Intesa Sanpaolo or its agents; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy (in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) or (in 
respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE) Ireland or (in respect of Notes issued by 
Intesa Luxembourg) Luxembourg; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of 
Italy (in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) or (in respect of Notes issued 
by INSPIRE) Ireland or (in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg) 
Luxembourg other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by making, or procuring, a declaration of 
non-residence or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Note 
or Coupon for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Business Day; or

--- Page 106 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 97 - 
47-41006023 
 
(E) 
(in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) in the event of payment to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual, to the extent 
that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a 
non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(F) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto 
("FATCA Withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that 
is not an agent of the Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA 
Withholding. The Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If payments made by the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor become subject 
to withholding tax as a result of the Issuer or Guarantor becoming resident, whether for tax 
purposes or otherwise, in any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, Ireland or 
Luxembourg as applicable, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy, Ireland or 
Luxembourg shall be construed as references to such other jurisdiction instead of the Republic of 
Italy, Ireland or Luxembourg. 
13. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
The Trustee may at its discretion and without further notice institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer 
under the Trust Deed or in relation to the Notes provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the 
institution of any such proceedings, other than proceedings for compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated 
Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-
quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act of Intesa Sanpaolo in the Republic of Italy or for 
insolvency, dissolution, liquidation, or winding up or an analogous proceeding applicable to 
INSPIRE in Ireland or to Intesa Luxembourg in Luxembourg, be obliged to pay any sum or sums 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
The Trustee shall not in any event be bound to take any of the actions referred to in this Condition 
unless it shall have been so requested in writing by the holders of at least one quarter of the principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
of the Noteholders and unless it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction. 
(b) 
The Trustee may, at its discretion, or if so requested in writing by holders of at least one quarter in 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (subject 
to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or provided with security to its 
satisfaction), shall give written notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be immediately due and 
payable, whereupon the Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their original 
outstanding principal amount on issue together with interest accrued as provided in the Trust Deed 
upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default"): in the event of 
compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following 
of the Consolidated Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance 
with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act of Intesa Sanpaolo in the Republic of 
Italy or insolvency, dissolution, liquidation, winding up or an analogous proceeding applicable to 
INSPIRE in Ireland or to Intesa Luxembourg in Luxembourg. 
(c) 
No remedy against the Issuer other than (i) as provided by this Condition 13 or (ii) the instituting 
of proceedings for compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to

--- Page 107 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 98 - 
47-41006023 
 
Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione 
volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act in respect of 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the Republic of Italy or for insolvency, dissolution, liquidation, winding up or 
an analogous proceeding applicable to INSPIRE in Ireland or to Intesa Luxembourg in 
Luxembourg, shall be available to the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
whether for the recovery of amounts owing under or in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or under 
the Trust Deed or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Trust 
Deed or in relation to the Notes or the Coupons or otherwise. 
(d) 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure shall 
be continuing and only to the extent that the Trustee would have been entitled to do so. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against each Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) for payment of principal and 
interest in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee of the Notes, as the case may be, will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case 
of interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes the Registrar, 
(and, if the Notes are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent 
in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by 
the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Trustee and Agents 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking proceeds to enforce payment unless 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, and to be paid its costs and 
expenses in priority to the claims of Noteholders. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor and any entity related to the Issuer 
or, where applicable, the Guarantor without accounting for any profit. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor or, following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor 
reserve the right (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor principal paying agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Principal 
Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and, where 
applicable, the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
admitted to listing by any other relevant authority for which the rules require the 
appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and, where applicable, the 
Guarantor shall maintain an Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by the 
rules of such stock exchange; and

--- Page 108 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 99 - 
47-41006023 
 
(d) 
the Issuer and (where applicable) the Guarantor undertake that they shall maintain a 
Paying Agent outside of the Republic of Italy and (in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE) 
outside of Ireland. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution; Additional Issuers 
(a) 
The Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Relevant Authority (if 
applicable). The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matters affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions, the terms of the Notes, and the Trust Deed. 
The modification of certain terms, including, inter alia, the status of the Notes and the Coupons, 
the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, the principal amount thereof, the currency of 
payment thereof, the date for repayment of the Notes and any date for payment of, or the method 
of determining the rate of, interest thereon, may only be effected at a meeting of Noteholders to 
which special quorum provisions apply. Any resolution duly passed at a meeting of Noteholders 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders and all the Couponholders, whether present or not. 
(b) 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification (except as aforesaid) of these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, and the Coupons 
and may waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or, where applicable, the 
Guarantor of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, and the Coupons 
which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
and may agree, without consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error. 
(c) 
The Trustee may (and in the case of an Approved Reorganisation shall) agree with the Issuer (or 
any previous substitute) and the Guarantor, if applicable, at any time without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders: 
(i) 
to the substitution in place of INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg (or of any previous 
substitute) as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed by Intesa 
Sanpaolo or another subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo (the "Substitute"); or 
(ii) 
to an Approved Reorganisation; or 
(iii) 
that INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg (or any previous substitute) or Intesa Sanpaolo may, 
other than by means of an Approved Reorganisation, consolidate with, merge into or 
amalgamate with any Successor Company (as defined in the Trust Deed), 
provided that: 
(i) 
where (in the case of substitution) the Substitute is not Intesa Sanpaolo or (in the case of 
an Approved Reorganisation) the assumption of the obligations of INSPIRE and/or Intesa 
Luxembourg is by a Resulting Entity other than Intesa Sanpaolo or (in the case of a 
consolidation, merger or amalgamation) the assumption of the obligations of INSPIRE 
and/or Intesa Luxembourg is by a Successor Company other than Intesa Sanpaolo, the 
obligations of the Substitute or such other entity under the Trust Deed and the Notes and 
the Coupons shall be irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by Intesa Sanpaolo (on 
like terms as to subordination, if applicable) to those of the Guarantee of the Notes; 
(ii) 
(other than in the case of an Approved Reorganisation) the Trustee is satisfied that the 
interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby;  
(iii) 
if required by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuer or the Guarantor has 
obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority; and 
(iv) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed are satisfied.

--- Page 109 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 100 - 
47-41006023 
 
Upon the assumption of the obligations of an Issuer by a Substitute or of an Issuer by a Resulting 
Entity or of an Issuer by a Successor Company, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg or, as the case may 
be, Intesa Sanpaolo shall (subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed) have no further liabilities 
under or in respect of the Trust Deed or the Notes or the Coupons. 
Any such assumption shall be subject to the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and to such 
amendment thereof and such other conditions as the Trustee may require. 
The Trust Deed provides that any such substitution, Approved Reorganisation or consolidation, 
merger or amalgamation shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices). In the case of a substitution, the relevant Issuer shall notify the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange thereof and prepare, or procure the preparation of, a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
in respect of the Programme. 
(d) 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions (including but not 
limited to those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation, replacement, 
transfer or substitution as aforesaid): 
(i) 
the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and in particular, 
but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders resulting from their being for 
any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory; and 
(ii) 
the Trustee shall not be entitled to claim from the Issuer or, where applicable, the 
Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already 
provided for by Condition 12 (Taxation) or by any undertaking given in addition thereto 
or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(e) 
The Trustee may also agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the 
addition of another company as an issuer of Notes under the Programme and the Trust Deed. Any 
such addition shall be subject to the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and to such amendment 
thereof as the Trustee may require. 
(f) 
This Condition 17(f) applies to Subordinated Notes. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory 
Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), then Intesa Sanpaolo may, subject to giving any 
notice required to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority, if so required, 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of Subordinated Notes of that 
Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Trustee 
and the Holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any 
time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Subordinated Notes, or vary the terms of such 
Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities (as defined below), provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise 
to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities that would otherwise provide 
the Issuer with a right of redemption pursuant to the provisions of Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a substitution or 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 17(f) and the Trustee shall 
be obliged to effect such matters provided it would not, in the Trustee's sole opinion, have the 
effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protection, of the Trustee in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions. 
(g) 
This Condition 17(g) applies to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If at any 
time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of the Irish 
Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by INSPIRE, or Condition 25 
(Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued

--- Page 110 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 101 - 
47-41006023 
 
by Intesa Luxembourg, then the relevant Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) 
days' notice to the Trustee and the Holders of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes of that Series, which notice shall be irrevocable, at any time either substitute all (but not 
some only) of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of 
such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (each as 
defined below), provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of 
the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a substitution or 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 17(g) and the Trustee shall 
be obliged to effect such matters provided it would not, in the Trustee's sole opinion, have the 
effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protection, of the Trustee in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects other than the Issue Date, Issue Price and/or Interest Commencement Date and/or 
the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published (i) in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), (ii) if and for 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in each of the above cases, if such publication is not practicable, in 
a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
To Registered Holders 
Notices to the Registered Holders will be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if 
posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. In addition, 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock 
exchange so require, notices to Registered Holders will be published on the date of such mailing 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by that stock exchange 
(which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such place will be Luxembourg and such 
newspaper is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
To Holders of Notes held in a clearing system 
While all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global Note is deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, notices to Noteholders may (to the extent permitted by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock

--- Page 111 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 102 - 
47-41006023 
 
Exchange or any other exchange on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading) be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. Any such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Trust Deed and the rights and obligations in respect of the Notes and the Coupons, and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with each of the foregoing, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that: 
(i) 
with respect to the Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo only, the provisions described in 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power), Condition 4(a) (Status – 
Senior Preferred Notes), Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo) and Condition 4(c) (Status – Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa 
Sanpaolo) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with both 
such provisions, shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Italy; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Notes issued by INSPIRE only, the provisions described in 
Condition 24 (Acknowledgement of the Irish Bail-in Power) and Condition 4(a) (Status – 
Senior Preferred Notes) and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with such provisions, shall be governed by the laws of Ireland; and 
(iii) 
with respect to the Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg only, the provisions described in 
Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power) and Condition 4(a) 
(Status – Senior Preferred Notes) and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such provisions, shall be governed by the laws of Luxembourg. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Company Law shall not 
apply to the Notes or the holders of the Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg. 
(b) 
In the Trust Deed, each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg has irrevocably 
agreed for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to hear 
and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed 
and the Notes and the Coupons (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the foregoing) (respectively "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and for such purposes 
have irrevocably submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: In the Trust Deed each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg 
has irrevocably waived any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of England 
being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, 
and has agreed not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum.

--- Page 112 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 103 - 
47-41006023 
 
(d) 
Process Agent: In the Trust Deed, each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg has 
agreed that the documents which start any Proceedings or any other documents required to be 
served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., London Branch which is presently at 90 Queen Street, London EC4N 1SA or its address 
for the time being. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of 
process on INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg's behalf or is not or ceases to be registered in England, 
Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg have agreed in the Trust Deed that they shall, 
on the written demand of the Trustee or, failing the Trustee, any Noteholder, addressed to the 
relevant Issuer and delivered to the relevant Issuer or to the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on their behalf and, failing 
such appointment within 15 days, the Trustee or, failing the Trustee, any Noteholder, shall be 
entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to each of the Issuers or to the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of 
the Trustee or, failing the Trustee, any Noteholder, to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not 
be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether currently or not) if and to the 
extent permitted by law. 
(f) 
Consent to enforcement etc: In the Trust Deed, each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg has consented generally in respect of any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or 
the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including (without limitation) the 
making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or 
intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or given in such Proceedings. 
23. 
Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, 
for the purposes of this Condition 23, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due 
in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect 
of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount 
in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment or alteration 
of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of 
default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with this Condition 23. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which 
the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify

--- Page 113 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 104 - 
47-41006023 
 
the holders of the Notes without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 23. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Italian Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
24. 
Acknowledgement of the Irish Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, 
for the purposes of this Condition 24, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of the Irish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due 
in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect 
of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount 
in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment or alteration 
of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Irish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Irish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute a default or 
an Event of Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 24. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which 
the exercise of the Irish Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify 
the holders of the Notes without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Irish Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 24. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Irish Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
25. 
Acknowledgement of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, 
for the purposes of this Condition 25, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, 
which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if 
any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount

--- Page 114 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 105 - 
47-41006023 
 
in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder 
of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due 
thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an 
event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 25. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which 
the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall notify the holders of the Notes without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power nor the effects on 
the Notes described in this Condition 25. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Luxembourg Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 115 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 106 - 
47-41006023 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Conditions applicable to Global Notes" above. 
Further information related to Inflation Linked Notes is contained in Annex 1 (Further information related 
to Inflation Linked Notes) below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. ("Intesa Sanpaolo" or the "Bank" or the "Issuer"), Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. ("INSPIRE") and Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. ("Intesa 
Luxembourg") have established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for 
the issuance of up to €70,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes guaranteed, in respect 
of Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg, by Intesa Sanpaolo pursuant to a deed of 
guarantee to be entered upon the issuance of such guaranteed notes. Under the Programme, Intesa 
Sanpaolo may issue notes governed by Italian law (the "Italian Law Notes" or the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions governed 
by Italian law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement governed by Italian law 
dated 22 December 2020 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") between Intesa Sanpaolo and Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London 
Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as 
registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time 
to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent", which 
expression includes any successor transfer agent appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes) and paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar, the 
"Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for inspection 
and obtainable free of charge by the public during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes the Registrar, and, in any event, at the 
Specified Office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, the initial Specified Office of which is set 
out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and 
are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices 
of which are set out below. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 116 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 107 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
including, without limitation, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, 
the Capital Instruments Regulations, Circular No. 285, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM 
Regulation and any other regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer) or of the institutions of the European Union and standards and guidlines issued by the 
European Banking Authority; 
"Approved Reorganisation" means a solvent and voluntary reorganisation involving, alone or 
with others, the Issuer, and whether by way of consolidation, amalgamation, merger, transfer of all 
or substantially all of its business or assets, or otherwise provided that the principal resulting, 
surviving or transferee entity (a "Resulting Entity") is a banking company and effectively assumes 
all the obligations of the Issuer under, or in respect of, the Notes; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU 
as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures; and (iv) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Bearer Note" means a Note in bearer form;

--- Page 117 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 108 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, 
or will cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the BMR, if applicable); 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Reference Rate 
methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Event. In the event of a change in the formula and/or 
(mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Relevant Benchmark, reference shall be 
made to the Reference Rate based on the formula and/or methodology as changed. 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence 
of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 
16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform 
Package into Italian law); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong/the Principal Financial Centre of 
Renminbi and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 118 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 109 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
(as the case may be and, where applicable), whether introduced before or after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of Notes, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own 
Funds to the extent required under the CRD IV Package; 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Circular No. 285" means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition 
of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law); 
"CNY" or "Renminbi" means the lawful currency of the PRC; 
"Coupon" means an interest coupon relating to a Bearer Note;

--- Page 119 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 110 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Couponholder" means the holder of a Coupon; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without 
limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"CRD IV Package" means the CRR and the CRD IV; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 setting out prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" (in respect of Condition 5) is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 
30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not 
be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall 
not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month));

--- Page 120 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 111 - 
47-41006023 
 
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vii) 
If "30/360" (in respect of Condition 6) or "360/360" is specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 121 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 112 - 
47-41006023 
 
(ix) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
"Delegated Regulation" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards for Own Funds 
requirements for institutions, as amended and replaced from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"EONIA" means the underlying interest is the rate at which banks of sound financial standing in 
the European Union and European Free Trade Area (EFTA) countries lend funds in the interbank 
money market in euro. Prior to 1 October 2019, EONIA was computed as a weighted average of 
overnight unsecured lending transactions in the EU and EFTA interbank market. Since 1 October 
2019, EONIA is calculated with a reformed methodology tracking the €STR, the new euro short-
term rate of the European Central Bank (ECB), as defined below. Under the reformed 
methodology, EONIA is calculated as the €STR plus a spread of 8.5 basis points; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended from 
time to time; 
"€STR" means the euro short-term rate that reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the euro area. The €STR is published on each TARGET2 
business day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous TARGET2 business day 
(the reporting date "T") with a maturity date of T+1 which are deemed to have been executed at 
arm's length and thus reflect market rates in an unbiased way. The ECB publishes the €STR at 
08:00 CET on each TARGET2 business day; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (other than Inflation Linked Notes), 
its principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance

--- Page 122 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 113 - 
47-41006023 
 
with, the relevant Final Terms provided that, in any case, such amount will be at least equal to the 
relevant par value. In respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the "Final Redemption Amount" means an 
amount different from the relevant par value as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that under no circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Holder" means a Registered Holder or, as the context requires, the holder of a Bearer Note; 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China; 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) 
liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan capital, certificates of deposit, loan stock or other like instruments or securities 
offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placement, acquisition 
consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration 
other than cash; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension 
power whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group entities, existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including those relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to,

--- Page 123 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 114 - 
47-41006023 
 
Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated 
entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted 
into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period); 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that Own 
Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are 
subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other 
instruments of ownership; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is or will 
be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements 
provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not 
constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such 
Senior Preferred Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general 
requirements for eligible liabilities (to the extent applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group) 
does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements as a result 
of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo or as a result of a purchase which 
is funded directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification 
Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group, from time to time, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts 
(such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic 
of Italy, a Relevant Authority or the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or 
not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to Intesa 
Sanpaolo and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Note Certificate" means a certificate issued to each Registered Holder in respect of its registered 
holding of Notes; 
"Noteholder" means a holder of a Bearer Note or, as the context requires, a Registered Holder; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 124 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 115 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro or Renminbi, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(iii) 
if the currency of payment is Renminbi, a day (other than Saturday, Sunday, or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong/the Principal Financial Centre of 
Renminbi and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Terms and 
Conditions, shall exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China and Taiwan; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand 
dollars, it means Wellington; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means Hong Kong; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL

--- Page 125 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 116 - 
47-41006023 
 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes; 
(C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the 
Senior Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes 
to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in 
Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes, 
certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank 
or financial adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, than the 
terms of the Senior Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights 
under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in 
Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
"Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities, whether debt, equity, interests in limited 
partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms such that they comply with the then-current minimum requirements 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
or the Group (as applicable); (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated 
Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption 
rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; 
(F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned 
to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in

--- Page 126 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 117 - 
47-41006023 
 
Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, 
certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank 
or financial adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, than the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the 
Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Register" means the register maintained by the Registrar in respect of Registered Notes in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
"Registered Holder" means the person in whose name a Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof); 
"Registered Note" means a Note in registered form; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means a change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority considers 
to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from the 
classification as of the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in 
whole or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part from Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or the Group, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds and, in the event of any 
redemption upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulations, both of the following

--- Page 127 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 118 - 
47-41006023 
 
conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer 
as the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
"Relevant Authority" means the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, or any successor 
authority having responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group within the 
framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 ("SSM") and in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or, as the 
context may require, the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board established 
pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other authority in Italy or in the European Union 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service and the Moneyline 
Telerate Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Renminbi Calculation Agent" means the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Spot Rate (as defined in Condition 10(q)) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package);

--- Page 128 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 119 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to 
or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
"Switch Option" means, if Change of Interest Basis and Issuer's Switch Option are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the option of the Issuer, at its sole absolute discretion, on 
one or more occasions and subject to the provisions of Condition 6(h), to change the Interest Basis 
of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate, to Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, with effect from (and including) the Switch Option 
Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor to TARGET2) is open; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended; 
"Yield" means the yield specified in the Final Terms, as calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 129 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 120 - 
47-41006023 
 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued as Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
Notes in Bearer Form: Bearer Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons (if 
applicable) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the 
case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
(c) 
Minimum Denomination: The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000. 
(d) 
Notes in Registered Form: Registered Notes are issued in the Specified Denominations and may 
be held in holdings equal to the Specified Minimum Amount (specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and integral multiples equal to the Specified Increments (specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
excess thereof (an "Authorised Holding"). 
(e) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A Note Certificate will be issued to each Registered Holder 
in respect of its holding of Notes. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an 
identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. 
(f) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(g) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (j) (Closed periods) and (k) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Notes not transferred are Authorised Holdings. Where not all 
the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, 
a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the 
transferor. 
(h) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (g) (Transfer of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar 
will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount 
to the Registered Notes transferred to each Registered Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case 
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant 
Registered Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for 
the purpose by such Registered Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(i) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer.

--- Page 130 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 121 - 
47-41006023 
 
(j) 
Closed periods: Registered Holders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 
15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(k) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Registered Holder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status – Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Senior Preferred Notes and specified in the Final 
Terms as being Senior Preferred Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Non-
Preferred Senior Preferred Notes) ("Senior Preferred Notes"). 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations (including deposits) of the 
Issuer, present and future (other than obligations ranking, in accordance with their terms and/or by 
provision of law, junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time (including Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes following the Issue Date)) if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred Senior obligations and intended to 
qualify as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" of Intesa Sanpaolo, as defined 
under Article 12 bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time ("Senior Non-
Preferred Notes"). 
The obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of Intesa Sanpaolo, as defined under, 
and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority) in respect of principal, interest and other amounts constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo, 
ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of Intesa Sanpaolo which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision 
of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising from the 
excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future 
obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to 
rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of Intesa 
Sanpaolo,  
pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from 
time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority.

--- Page 131 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 122 - 
47-41006023 
 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(c) 
Status – Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable only in relation to Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
and specified in the Final Terms as being subordinated and intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital 
("Subordinated Notes"). 
(i) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital 
purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in Circular No. 285, including any successor 
regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo (other than those subordinated obligations expressed by 
their terms to rank lower or higher than the Subordinated Notes) save of those preferred 
by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. In the event of compulsory winding-
up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of 
Legislative Decree of 1 September 1993, No. 385 of the Republic of Italy as amended (the 
"Consolidated Banking Act") or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in 
accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act, the payment 
obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of principal and interest under the Subordinated 
Notes will be subordinated to the claims of Intesa Sanpaolo Senior Creditors (as defined 
below) and will rank pari passu with Parity Creditors. 
"Intesa Sanpaolo Senior Creditors" means creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims 
are admitted to proof in the winding up of Intesa Sanpaolo and who are either (a) 
unsubordinated creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo or (b) creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose 
claims against Intesa Sanpaolo are, or are expressed to be, subordinated in the event of the 
winding up of Intesa Sanpaolo but senior to the Subordinated Notes, and 
"Parity Creditors" means creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (including, without limitation, the 
Subordinated Noteholders, and the Subordinated Couponholders) whose claims against 
Intesa Sanpaolo are, or are expressed to be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of 
Intesa Sanpaolo in any manner to the claims of any unsecured and unsubordinated creditor 
of Intesa Sanpaolo, but excluding those subordinated creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (if any) 
whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, junior or senior to the claims of the 
Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated Couponholders and/or to the claims of any 
other creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
with the claims of the Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated Couponholders or with 
whose claims the claims of the Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated 
Couponholders rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu. 
(ii) 
Loss Absorption 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under 
the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant 
Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss 
Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable 
law and/or regulation in force from time to time.

--- Page 132 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 123 - 
47-41006023 
 
(iii) 
Set-Off 
Neither any Subordinated Noteholder or Subordinated Couponholder may exercise or 
claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by Intesa Sanpaolo arising 
under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or Subordinated Coupons and each 
Subordinated Noteholder, and Subordinated Couponholder shall, by virtue of his 
subscription, purchase or holding of any Subordinated Note or Subordinated Coupon, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes (a) if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) 
if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment). As specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such 
Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set out in this Condition 5. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro and Renminbi, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency, in the case of euro, means one cent and, in the case of Renminbi, means 
CNY 0.01. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is the multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the multiple of the product of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement) is applicable to 
the Notes only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions, EONIA Linked Interest Notes, CMS 
Linked Interest Notes or the Inflation Linked Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of 
those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. The 
applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of the interest and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 6 for full information on the manner in which interest 
is calculated.

--- Page 133 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 124 - 
47-41006023 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
6(b) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment). As specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such 
Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set out in this Condition 6. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination (other than EONIA and CMS Linked Interest Notes): If Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the 
"Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by 
the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to

--- Page 134 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 125 - 
47-41006023 
 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated as it follows, subject to 
letter (f) below: 
(w) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(x) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
(y) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or: 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M= Margin 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (y): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available; and

--- Page 135 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 126 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage" and "Margin" shall have 
the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
if, the relevant Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page or if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(ii) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the 
"Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by 
the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of 
the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the 
Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as

--- Page 136 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 127 - 
47-41006023 
 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate 
(LIBOR) or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR) for a 
currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page 
or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(f)); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of 
interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of 
an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-
off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced 
the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in 
the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is 
most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall 
be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be 
such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided 
however that if (a) this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to 
determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page  no later 
than five (5) Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), or (b) in case the 
provisions relating to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or the provisions relating to the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event in case of a Benchmark Event is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (as applicable), the provisions under this

--- Page 137 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 128 - 
47-41006023 
 
Condition 6(f) would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a MREL 
Disqualification Event (as applicable), or (c) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, the provisions under this Condition 6(f) would result in 
the Relevant Authority treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then the Reference Rate applicable to 
such Interest Period shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the 
Relevant Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, the first paragraph of this Condition 6(f); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark 
and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(f)); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that (a) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (b) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify amendments to 
the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the 
Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order 
to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread, which amendments shall apply to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(f)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) 
give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices). 
(g) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Change of Interest Basis. If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5 or Condition 6, each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one 
or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a 
"Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the 
Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date

--- Page 138 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 129 - 
47-41006023 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than 
one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding 
the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be 
exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the 
Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective 
Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option 
has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer 
be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant 
Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount 
of such Note during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
(j) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents and each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Inflation Linked Note 
This Condition 7 (Inflation Linked Note) is applicable to the Notes only if the Inflation Linked 
Notes Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 139 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 130 - 
47-41006023 
 
(a) 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
(i) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of [YoY] Inflation Linked Notes, 
for each Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party 
specified in the Final Terms, on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [[Index Factor]*[YoY] Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of 
Condition 6(f) above shall apply as appropriate. 
Where: 
"Index Factor" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if Index Factor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be 
equal to one; 
"Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"[YoY] Inflation" means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in 
month (t), the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the 
Maturity Date falls; 
"Inflation Index (t-1)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest 
Payment Date falls; 
"Margin" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Month" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount – [YoY] Inflation Linked Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date in respect of [YoY] Inflation 
Linked Notes may be i) 100% of the Nominal Amount of the Notes or ii) (if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) a [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount to be calculated on 
the [Maturity Date/ relevant Determination Date] on the basis of the following formula: 
[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount = Nominal Amount x (Inflation Index (t)/Inflation 
Index (0))] 
Where: 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the 
Maturity Date falls; and 
"Inflation Index (0)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Issue Date falls.

--- Page 140 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 131 - 
47-41006023 
 
The [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount may be subject to a minimum or a maximum 
amount (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that under no 
circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Nominal Amount of 
the Notes. 
(iii) 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 
7 or as specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this Condition 7, each 
Inflation Linked Note will bear interest in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation Linked Notes: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
such other events (if any) specified as an Additional Disruption Event in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, 
or (ii) any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, 
any of its affiliates or any other Hedging Party). 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior 
to any due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant 
Determination Date is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date and an 
Inflation Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the 
level of such Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month 
which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in 
respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the 
Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation 
the relevant Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which 
is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) 
the End Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after 
the End Date if there is no such bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest 
maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation 
Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European 
Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt 
obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, 
Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the

--- Page 141 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 132 - 
47-41006023 
 
Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued 
on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing 
on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those 
bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback 
Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected from 
all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any 
bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk 
of the Issuer) issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates or any 
other party providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in 
relation to the Notes as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of 
its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Inflation Index" means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that 
publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index 
which, as of the Issue Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index 
is reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information 
is published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was 
reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which 
the Relevant Level is reported. 
"Related Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Fallback Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall 
use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related 
Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable 
Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: 
Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" 
above.

--- Page 142 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 133 - 
47-41006023 
 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions 
(A) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect 
of an Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then 
the Relevant Level for such Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference 
Month subject to such Delayed Index Level Event (the "Substitute Index Level") 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(1) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(2) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not 
able to determine a Substitute Index Level under (i) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by 
reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); 
or 
(3) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior 
to the month for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to Condition (ii)(a). 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time 
on or after the relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any 
calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 
7 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(B) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not 
been published or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the 
Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor otherwise cancels the Inflation 
Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (the

--- Page 143 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 134 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Successor Inflation Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event 
has been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 7(iv)(A)(1) below), a successor inflation index has been 
designated by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor inflation index shall 
be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" notwithstanding that any 
other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been determined 
under Conditions 7(iv)(B)(2), 7(iv)(B)(3) or 7(iv)(B)(4) below; 
(2) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Condition 7(iv)(B)(1) above, and a notice has been given or an 
announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying 
that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement Inflation 
Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation 
Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the 
same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such 
replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation Linked Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect; 
(3) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Conditions 7(iv)(B)(1) or 7(iv)(B)(2) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index 
for the Inflation Index should be. If four or five responses are received 
and, of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor 
Inflation Index". If three responses are received and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the 
"Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are received or 
no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this Condition 
7(iv)(B)(3), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 7(iv)(B)(4) 
below; 
(4) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Conditions 7(iv)(B)(1), 7(iv)(B)(2), 7(iv)(B)(3) above by the next 
occurring Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
below, will determine an appropriate alternative index from such Cut-
Off Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; 
or 
(5) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate 
alternative index in relation to Inflation Linked Notes, on giving notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Issuer 
shall redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation 
Linked Notes, each Inflation Linked Note being redeemed or cancelled, 
as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be 
rebased at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will 
be used for purposes of determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date 
of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make 
adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the

--- Page 144 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 135 - 
47-41006023 
 
terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so 
that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation 
Index before it was rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to 
the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same 
rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor 
announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the 
Calculation Agent shall make any such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, consistent with adjustments 
made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index 
necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar 
days of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index 
Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error 
in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such 
adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Notes as it determines appropriate 
to account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such 
adjustments in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may at its option: 
(1) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of 
the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(2) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked 
Notes on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount, as at the date of redemption or cancellation, as 
applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. 
The redemption or cancellation referred to in this Condition 7(a)(iv) 
(Inflation Index Delay and Disruption Provisions) shall be subject to (i) 
in case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment 
or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 9(m) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
(G) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index 
or the Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to 
be obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the 
Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.

--- Page 145 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 136 - 
47-41006023 
 
Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation 
Index and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person 
of any error therein. The Inflation Index Sponsor is not making any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. The Issuer shall have no liability 
to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation Index. 
Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
neither the Issuer nor its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the 
Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the 
computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation Index. Although the 
Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Inflation Index from 
publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or 
implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or 
the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of 
information concerning the Inflation Index. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased, or cancelled, the Subordinated Notes will be redeemed 
in whole at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, in the manner provided for in 
Condition 11 (Payments). The Subordinated Notes are not redeemable at the option of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the 
Subordinated Notes only in accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRR being met and not prior to five (5) years from their Issue Date, except where 
the conditions set out in (i) Article 78(4) of the CRR, or (ii) in the case of repurchases for market 
making purposes, Article 29 of the Delegated Regulation, are met (see Condition 9(b) (Redemption 
for 
tax 
reasons), 
Condition 
9(c) 
(Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Issuer), 
Condition 9(f)(Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 
Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 9(j) (Purchase), Condition 
9(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes) 
and Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)).

--- Page 146 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 137 - 
47-41006023 
 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation Linked 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption, if (1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy, or any political subdivision or any authority or 
agency thereof or therein, or any change in the application or interpretation or administration of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment (such change or amendment being material 
and not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date in the case of Subordinated Notes) becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it (any such event, a "Tax 
Event"). 
At least 15 days prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders 
a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 
9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 9(b) shall be subject 
to Condition 9(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to 
in this Condition 9(b) shall be subject to Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Call Option in accordance with this Condition 9(c) may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date. After the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, the redemption referred to in this 
Condition 9(c) shall be subject to Condition 9(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to 
in this Condition 9(c) shall be subject to Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: 
(i) 
Partial Redemption of Bearer Notes: If Bearer Notes are to be redeemed in part only on 
any date in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to

--- Page 147 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 138 - 
47-41006023 
 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange on which the Notes 
are then listed, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(ii) 
Partial Redemption of Registered Notes: If Registered Notes are to be redeemed in part 
only on any date in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), each Registered Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registered Notes to be redeemed on the 
relevant Option Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Registered Notes on such date. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
This provision is not applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Put Option and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 9(e) for full 
information on any Put Option. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) and the applicable notice periods. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Holder of any 
Note must, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, deposit with any Agent 
such Note together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and 
a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Agent. The Agent with which 
a Note is so deposited shall immediately notify the Issuer and shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that 
if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due 
and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by an Agent in accordance with this Condition 
9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of Note for 
all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call): If Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the occurrence 
of a Regulatory Event, the Issuer may redeem such Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption, provided that (to the extent required by 
applicable law or regulation) the Issuer has given not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice to the Agents and the Noteholders of such Subordinated Notes (such 
notice being irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for such redemption. 
Upon the expiry of such notice period, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Subordinated Notes 
accordingly. 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 9(f) shall be subject to Condition 9(m) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
due to a MREL Disqualification Event: If redemption at the option of the Issuer due to a MREL

--- Page 148 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 139 - 
47-41006023 
 
Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and the Agents, redeem the 
Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in whole but not in part, then 
outstanding at any time (if the Senior Preferred Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Senior 
Preferred Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked 
Note), if the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(g), the Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(g). 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 9(g) shall be subject to Condition 9(n) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes). 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(h) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of Actual/Actual (or 30/360 if such request is made 
to and accepted by the respective Issuer). 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer may at any time, including for marketing purposes, purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation. The repurchases referred to in this Condition 9(j) shall be subject 
to Condition 9(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes) and Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment 
or repurchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed by the Issuer and any unmatured Coupons attached to or 
surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(l) 
Redemption Amount: For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will the Redemption Amount of any 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo be lower than the principal amount of the Notes. 
(m) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of such Notes in accordance with Condition 7(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay And 
Disruption Provisions), Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
purposes (Regulatory Call)), Condition 9(j) (Purchase) or Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver; Substitution) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification 
in accordance with Condition 16) is subject to conditions compliance with the then applicable 
Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended from time to time, where either:

--- Page 149 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 140 - 
47-41006023 
 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 9(f) (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), a Regulatory Event has occurred; 
or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority 
from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 
per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from 
time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase 
in accordance with Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions), 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption due to taxation), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 9(j) (Purchase), Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event) or 
Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution) (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 16) of Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements 
(Eligible Liabilities Instruments) or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 9(g) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL

--- Page 150 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 141 - 
47-41006023 
 
Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the 
then applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior 
permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the 
following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the relevant Notes with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to 
criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions 
set out in sub-pargraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
10. 
Payments 
Payments under Bearer Notes 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
(or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency, and (ii) in 
the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) 
surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Bearer Notes in the currency in which the payment 
is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without

--- Page 151 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 142 - 
47-41006023 
 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented for payment on redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment such missing Coupons shall become void. 
Each sum of principal deducted pursuant to paragraph (i) above shall be paid in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) 
surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the Inflation Linked Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 10(c) 
(Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, 
if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any 
Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
Payments under Registered Notes 
(k) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on or, upon application by a 
Registered Holder to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the 15th day before the

--- Page 152 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 143 - 
47-41006023 
 
due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of such currency, and (ii) in the case of 
Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial Centre of that 
currency, and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(l) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by 
cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on or, upon application by a Registered 
Holder to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the 15th day before the due date 
for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency (or, if that currency 
is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial Centre of such 
currency, and (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency, and (in 
the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(m) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(n) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of an Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the 
due date for payment. A Registered Holder shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a business 
day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for 
payment or being lost in the mail. 
(o) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(p) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in 
respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
The following Condition 10(q) shall apply to all Renminbi Notes in addition to the provisions 
governing payments under Bearer Notes and Registered Notes above: 
(q) 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able, or it would be 
impracticable for any of them, to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in 
respect of Renminbi Notes when due in Renminbi in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant 
Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of that currency, the Issuer on giving not less than five 
nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders in accordance with

--- Page 153 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 144 - 
47-41006023 
 
Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy their respective 
obligations in respect of such payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at 
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi-denominated amount. 
In such event, payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest amount 
in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made by a U.S. dollar denominated cheque drawn on a 
bank in New York City and mailed to the Holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of the 
Renminbi Notes at its address appearing in the Register, or, upon application by the Holder of the 
Renminbi Notes to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record 
Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated account maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
New York City. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10(q): 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the 
Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, 
London and New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as 
applicable) of Renminbi; 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the 
relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest 
and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Renminbi Notes as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the relevant 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Renminbi Notes in the general Renminbi 
exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as 
applicable) of Renminbi, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Renminbi Notes 
and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant 
Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, from an account outside the Principal 
Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi to an 
account inside the Principal Financial Centre or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of 
Renminbi or from an account inside the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional 
Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi to an account outside the Principal Financial Centre 
or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi, other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the Renminbi Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional 
Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi;

--- Page 154 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 145 - 
47-41006023 
 
"Spot Rate" means the spot U.S. dollar/Renminbi exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars 
with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial 
Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, as determined by 
the Renminbi Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at or 
around 11.00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre of Renminbi) on the Determination Date, 
on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is 
available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither 
rate is available, the Renminbi Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre 
or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi) on the Determination Date as the most 
recently available U.S. dollar/Renminbi official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination 
Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is 
reported on Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means 
the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor 
service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate; and 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Determination Date promptly notified to the Issuer and the Paying Agents. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 10(q) by 
the Renminbi Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or gross negligence) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Holders of the Renminbi Notes. 
(r) 
Payments in Renminbi: Notwithstanding the foregoing, any payments in respect of the Notes to be 
made in Renminbi will be made in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to 
the settlement of Renminbi in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial 
Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi) by credit or transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre or such relevant 
Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons (if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, present or future, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding 
or deduction shall be equal to the amounts of principal, in case of Senior Preferred Notes not 
qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, and 
interest, in case of any Notes, and which would otherwise have been receivable by them if no such 
withholding or deduction had been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of any payment of any interest or principal either: 
(i) 
for or on account of Imposta Sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as amended), the "Legislative Decree 
No. 239" or, for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 
November 1997 (as amended or supplemented) or any related implementing regulations 
and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 
in order to benefit from a tax exemption have not been met or complied with except where 
such procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of 
Intesa Sanpaolo or its agents; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy; or

--- Page 155 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 146 - 
47-41006023 
 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of 
Italy other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by making, or procuring, a declaration of 
non-residence or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Note 
or Coupon for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Business Day; or 
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(F) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto ("FATCA Withholding") as a 
result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not 
being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such 
FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other 
party. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If payments made by the Issuer become subject to withholding tax as a result 
of the Issuer becoming resident, whether for tax purposes or otherwise, in any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be 
construed as references to such other jurisdiction instead of the Republic of Italy. 
12. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer pursuant 
to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act or voluntary winding-up 
(liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking 
Act, then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due 
and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its outstanding principal 
amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
(b) 
No remedy (including any remedy under the Italian Civil Code) against the Issuer other than as 
specifically provided by this Condition 12 (Events of Default) shall be available to the Fiscal Agent 
or to the holders of the Notes and the related Coupons, whether for the recovery of amounts owing 
in respect of the Notes and the related Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of 
its obligations under the Notes and the related Coupons or otherwise. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under 
these Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in 
relation to the Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default.

--- Page 156 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 147 - 
47-41006023 
 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case 
of interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes the Registrar, (and, if the 
Notes are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such stock 
exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
admitted to listing by any other relevant authority for which the rules require the 
appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain an Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such stock exchange; and 
(d) 
the Issuer undertake that they shall maintain a Paying Agent outside of the Republic of 
Italy. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution 
(a) 
The Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Relevant Authority (if 
applicable). The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matters affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions, the terms of the Notes, and 
the Agency Agreement. The modification of certain terms, including, inter alia, the status of the 
Notes and the Coupons, the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, the principal amount 
thereof, the currency of payment thereof, the date for repayment of the Notes and any date for 
payment of, or the method of determining the rate of, interest thereon, may only be effected at a 
meeting of Noteholders to which special quorum provisions apply. Any resolution duly passed at 
a meeting of Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders and all the Couponholders, 
whether present or not. 
(b) 
The Notes, the Coupons and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical

--- Page 157 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 148 - 
47-41006023 
 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of the Issuer, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required for an Approved Reorganisation, 
provided that: (A) if required by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuer has obtained the 
prior permission of the Relevant Authority; and (B) the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, to 
make available at its specified office to the Noteholders, a certificate signed by two directors of the 
Issuer stating that: 
(i) 
immediately prior to the assumption of its obligations, the Resulting Entity is solvent after 
taking account of all prospective and contingent liabilities resulting from its becoming the 
Resulting Entity; and 
(ii) 
the proposed consolidation, merger or amalgamation will be an Approved Reorganisation. 
Any Approved Reorganisation shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). 
(d) 
This Condition 16(d) applies to Subordinated Notes. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory 
Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority, if so required, 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of Subordinated Notes of that 
Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
any time vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below), provided that such variation does not itself 
give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities that would 
otherwise provide the Issuer with a right of redemption pursuant to the provisions of Subordinated 
Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a variation of the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 16(d) and the Fiscal Agent shall be obliged to effect such 
matters provided it would not, in the Fiscal Agent's sole opinion, have the effect of increasing the 
obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Fiscal Agent in the Agency 
Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(e) 
This Condition 16(e) applies to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If at any 
time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series) and having given not less 
than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series, which notice shall be 
irrevocable, at any time vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (each as defined below), provided that such variation does 
not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a substitution or 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 16(e) and the Fiscal Agent 
shall be obliged to effect such matters provided it would not, in the Fiscal Agent's sole opinion, 
have the effect of increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the 
Fiscal Agent in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or

--- Page 158 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 149 - 
47-41006023 
 
in all respects other than the Issue Date, Issue Price and/or Interest Commencement Date and/or 
the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published (i) in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), (ii) if and for 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in each of the above cases, if such publication is not practicable, in 
a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
To Registered Holders 
Notices to the Registered Holders will be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if 
posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. In addition, 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock 
exchange so require, notices to Registered Holders will be published on the date of such mailing 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by that stock exchange 
(which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such place will be Luxembourg and such 
newspaper is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
To Holders of Notes held in a clearing system 
While all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global Note is deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant 
clearing system or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, notices to Noteholders may (to the extent permitted by the rules of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or any other exchange on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading) 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system. Any such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Agency Agreement and the rights and obligations in respect of the Notes and 
the Coupons, and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with each of the 
foregoing, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 159 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 150 - 
47-41006023 
 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Intesa Sanpaolo irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of Milan are to have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to hear 
and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or 
in connection with the Agency Agreement and the Notes and the Coupons (including any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the foregoing) (respectively 
"Proceedings" and "Disputes") and for such purposes irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Intesa Sanpaolo irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or 
hereafter have to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any 
Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and has agreed not to claim that any such court is not a 
convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall not (and shall not 
be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether currently or not) if and to the 
extent permitted by law. 
(e) 
Consent to enforcement etc: Intesa Sanpaolo consents generally in respect of any Proceedings to 
the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including 
(without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
(irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or given in 
such Proceedings. 
21. 
Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the 
BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 21, 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and 
agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due 
in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect 
of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount 
in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment or alteration 
of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of 
default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with this Condition 21. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which 
the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify 
the holders of the Notes without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 21.

--- Page 160 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 151 - 
47-41006023 
 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Italian Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 152 - 
47-41006023 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note 
which, for so long as the Bearer Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case 
of a Classic Global Note, or a common safekeeper, in the case of a New Global Note for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Bearer Global Note or a Global Registered Note 
(each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made 
by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) to the holder of such Bearer Global Note or 
Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Bearer Global Note or Global 
Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights 
arising under the Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from 
time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Bearer Global Note or Global Registered 
Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of payments 
due under the Notes and such obligations of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) will 
be discharged by payment to the holder of such Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Bearer Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to such Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following 
is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate 
or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any 
Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of 
the Bearer Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a Classic Global Note the payment is 
noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of a New Global Note the payment is entered pro rata in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Bearer Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, a "Payment 
Business Day" shall be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 162 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 153 - 
47-41006023 
 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified 
in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to 
the Principal Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is 
being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 18 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, while all the Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) 
or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 18 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall be 
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 163 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 154 - 
47-41006023 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form, completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the 
UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and ["Excluded 
Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
 
[The following language applies if the Notes are intended to be "qualifying debt securities" (as 
defined in the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore): 
 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any 
Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore 
through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities 
(subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the "ITA") shall not 
apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations through a 
permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, 
redemption premium or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons 
described above) shall include such income in a return of income made under the ITA.] 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A./ 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c./ 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A.] 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
(Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg only) [Guaranteed by

--- Page 164 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 155 - 
47-41006023 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.] 
under the €70,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 22 December 2020  [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or 
superseded (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement dated [ ]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] [is/are] available for viewing at the 
registered office[s] of the Issuer at 2nd Floor, International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC Dublin 1, 
Ireland and of the Guarantor at]/[19-21 Boulevard Prince Henri, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, during usual business hours and of the Guarantor at] Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin, Italy 
and from Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. at 19-21, Boulevard Prince Henri, Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, during usual business hours of any weekday (Saturdays and bank holidays 
excepted) and free of charge. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] and, in the case of Notes admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under the 2019 Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 20 December 2019 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 22 
December 2020. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2020 [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the [Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes] which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2019 and are 
attached hereto. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated 20 December 2019 and 22 December 
2020 [and the supplement dated [•]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement] are available for viewing 
at the registered office[s] of the Issuer at [2nd Floor, International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC 
Dublin, Ireland and of the Guarantor at]/[19-21 Boulevard Prince Henri, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, and of the Guarantor at] Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin, Italy and from Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Luxembourg S.A. at 19-21, Boulevard Prince Henri, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
during usual business hours of any weekday (Saturdays and bank holidays excepted) and free of charge. 
The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement] and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
Date on which the Notes become fungible 
Not 
Applicable 
/ 
The 
Notes 
will 
be 
consolidated, form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with

--- Page 165 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 156 - 
47-41006023 
 
(identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [26] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ] (insert date, if 
applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•] in excess 
thereof up to and including [•]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [•].] 
 
 
(Unless paragraph 28 (Form of Notes) below 
specifies that the Global Note is to be 
exchanged for Definitive Notes "in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of 
the minimum denomination and may only be 
traded in such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form. Where paragraph 28 (Form of 
Notes) does so specify, Notes may be issued in 
denominations of €100,000 and higher integral 
multiples of €1,000 up to a maximum of 
€199,000, as applicable). 
(The minimum denomination of Notes admitted 
to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount of such currency).) 
(In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€250,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(i) 
Specified Minimum Amounts: 
[•] [For Registered Notes only.] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Increments: 
[•] [For Registered Notes only.] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. There must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)

--- Page 166 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 157 - 
47-41006023 
 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[•]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] (specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in the relevant 
month and year) 
 
 
(N.B. For Renminbi Notes subject to the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification it 
will be necessary to specify the Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•]% Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: Eonia Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
10. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed or floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
and 14 below and identify there) [•]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 19 
below)] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Regulatory Call] 
[Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 167 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 158 - 
47-41006023 
 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes//Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
(i) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Applicable  1] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Date of Deed of Guarantee: 
[•] 
 
 
(N.B. For a guaranteed issuance, a separate 
Deed of Guarantee has to be entered into upon 
each issuance of Notes – see form of Deed of 
Guarantee in the Trust Deed) 
 
 
(N.B. If the issue is a fungible issue state that 
the issue will be covered by a Deed of 
Guarantee entered into on [date] in relation to 
the first issue of the Series) 
 
(iii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[[•] [and [•], respectively]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee of the 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [adjusted in accordance with (specify 
Business Day Convention2 and any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of "Business Day")/[not adjusted]] 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of any long or short coupons.) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/(insert the 
following alternative wording if Notes are 
issued in Renminbi)[Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
CNY0.01, CNY0.05 being rounded upwards.] 
 
1 
Note: The Guarantee will be applicable if the Notes are issued by Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 
and Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A.  
2 
Modified Following Business Day Convention is applicable for Renminbi denominated fixed rate 
Notes.

--- Page 168 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 159 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / 
(Insert for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes) [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date [in/on] [•] / [Not 
Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph. Also 
consider whether EURO, LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
EONIA, €STR or CMS is the appropriate 
reference rate) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and consequently, also adjusts 
the length of the Interest Period and the amount 
of interest due)). In relation to the actual date 
on which Noteholders are entitled to receive 
payment of interest, see also Conditions 11(g) 
and (n) (Payments on business days) and the 
defined term "Payment Business Day" of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Conditions 10(g) and (n) (Payments on 
business days) and the defined term "Payment 
Business Day" of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes. 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Name and address of party responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent) 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is 
to perform this function)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
(For example, LIBOR or EURIBOR)/[EONIA 
or €STR Reference Rate] / [CMS Reference 
Rate/Leveraged 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate/Steepener 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call CMS Reference 
Rate] 
 
 
Reference Currency: [•]

--- Page 169 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 160 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [•]/[The CMS Rate 
having a Designated Maturity of [•] shall be 
CMS Rate 1 and the CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [•] shall be CMS Rate 
2] 
 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS 
Rate) 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify 
relevant 
screen 
page 
and 
any 
applicable headings and captions) 
 
 
(In the case of a EONIA Linked Interest Note, 
specify 
relevant 
screen 
page 
and 
any 
applicable headings and captions) 
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of 
each interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second (specify 
type of day) prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
 
− 
Relevant Time: 
(For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time) 
 
− 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)) 
 
− 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
− 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.] 
 
− 
Provisions relating to the 
occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event in case of a Benchmark 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Provisions relating to the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event in case 
of a Benchmark Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•]

--- Page 170 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 161 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period. In 
the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, if based 
on euro then the first day of each Interest 
Period and if otherwise to be checked) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum [/ Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Multiplier: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 – or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [•], 
then calculated in accordance with paragraph 
14 above.] 
16. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[(Floating Rate)] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [•], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 13 
above.] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
(Consider whether it is necessary to specify a 
Day Count Fraction for the purposes of

--- Page 171 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 162 - 
47-41006023 
 
Condition 11(i) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and Condition 10(i) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes (Early redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes)) 
18. 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index: 
[[CPI/RPI/HICP]] 
 
(ii) 
Inflation Index Sponsor 
[•] (Specify the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor) 
 
(iii) 
Index Factor 
[•] (Specify the relevant Index Factor) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Name and address of party responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function) 
 
(v) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day Convention] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts 
the length of the Interest Period and the amount 
of interest due). In relation to the actual date on 
which Noteholders are entitled to receive 
payment of interest, see also Condition 11(g) 
and (n) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 10(g) and (n) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes (Payments on business days) and the 
defined term "Payment Business Day".) 
 
(ix) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Margin 
[•] [insert Margin per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
(xiv) 
Commencement Date of the Index: 
[•] (indicate the relevant commencement month 
of the retail price index)

--- Page 172 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 163 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
(xv) 
Reference Month: 
[•] 
 
(xvi) 
Reference Bond: 
[•] 
 
(xvii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
The Related Bond is: [•] [Fallback Bond] 
 
 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [•] 
 
(xviii) Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Condition 8 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes]/[specify other] 
 
(xx) 
End Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
 
(xxi) 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
(xxii) 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for Additional Disruption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount] 
19. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to 
paragraphs 13 and 14 (as appropriate) if any 
fixed to floating or fixed reset rate change 
occurs) 
 
(i) 
Switch Options: 
[Applicable] – [specify details of the change(s) 
in Interest Basis and the relevant Interest 
Periods to which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the 
exercise of the Switch Option to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[•] 
20. 
(only to be included if Notes are issued in 
Renminbi) Party responsible for calculating the 
amount the Spot Rate pursuant to the 
Illiquidity, 
Inconvertibility 
or 
Non-transferability 
of 
Notes 
issued 
in 
Renminbi 
[[•] shall be the Renminbi Calculation 
Agent][Not Applicable]

--- Page 173 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 164 - 
47-41006023 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•]  
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee.) 
22. 
[Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [•] days 
Maximum period: [•] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent 
or Trustee.)] 
23. 
Regulatory Call 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Inflation Linked 
Note] (for Inflation Linked Notes, to be

--- Page 174 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 165 - 
47-41006023 
 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(a) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 7(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (Inflation 
Linked Note Provisions)) 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for Tax Event or 
Regulatory 
Event 
or 
MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation 
Amount]/[As per Condition 10(b) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 9(b) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes] 
[See also paragraph 23 (Regulatory Call)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes 
are Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory 
Call is applicable) 
[See also paragraph 24 (Issuer Call due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event)] (Delete this 
cross-reference unless the Notes are Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and the Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event is applicable) 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on 60 days' notice at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 60 days' notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 60 days' notice at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name 
of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)]] 
 
 
(In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
"exchangeable 
to 
Definitive 
Notes" 
in 
circumstances other than "in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Note", 
such 
Notes 
may 
only 
be 
issued 
in

--- Page 175 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 166 - 
47-41006023 
 
denominations equal to or greater than, 
€100,000 or, at the option of the Issuer.) 
29. 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes/No] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 176 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 167 - 
47-41006023 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
1. 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[•] with effect from [•].]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected]/[are not expected]] to be rated: 
 
 
[S & P's Global Ratings: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings: [•]] 
[DBRS Morningstar: [•]] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.) 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
(Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in 
the European Union or in the United Kingdom 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"). 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement) 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. (Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 177 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 168 - 
47-41006023 
 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus. [If reasons for offer different from 
making profit general corporate purposes (for 
example for an Green Bond, a Climate Bond, a 
Social Bond, or an issuance of a Sustainability 
Bond, will need to include those reasons here.)] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
[(If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use will need to split out and present in order 
of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.)] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
Floating Rate Notes, EONIA Linked Interest Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes only 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/ [•]. 
 
[Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/EONIA/€STR] 
which is provided by [ICE Benchmark 
Administration. European Money Markets 
Institute/specify other]. As at [ICE Benchmark 
Administration. European Money Markets 
Institute/specify other], [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) 
(the "BMR"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [•] does/do] not 
fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation] / [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply], such that [•] is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation 
or 
registration.]]

--- Page 178 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 169 - 
47-41006023 
 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information in respect of the Notes) has been sourced from (specify 
source). [Each of] the Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
CFI: 
 
 
[•]/Not Applicable] as published on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
 
FISN: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] as published on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
Luxembourg (the "ICSDs") as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being

--- Page 179 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 170 - 
47-41006023 
 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
 
(Include this text if "Yes" selected, in which 
case the Notes must be issued in New Global 
Notes form) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV [,/and] Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme and the relevant identification 
numbers: 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s), number(s) and 
addresses)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s)(if any): 
[•]/[Not applicable] 
 
Deemed delivery of clearing system notices for 
the purposes of Condition 19 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through 
the clearing systems will be deemed to have 
been given on the [second] [business] day after 
the day on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without 
a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis 
if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(B) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(C) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/(give name and addresses)] 
 
[(D) 
Names and addresses of 
entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries in secondary 
trading providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main 
terms of their commitment:] 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S compliance category: [•] 
 
 
[TEFRA D] 
 
 
[TEFRA C]

--- Page 180 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 171 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
 
[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)

--- Page 181 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 172 - 
47-41006023 
 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO S.P.A. 
History and Organisation of the Group 
Intesa Sanpaolo Origins 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the result of the merger by incorporation of Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. with Banca Intesa 
S.p.A. (effective 1 January 2007). 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. was originally established in 1925 under the name of La Centrale and invested in the 
business of the production and distribution of electricity. After the nationalisation of companies in this 
sector in the early 1960s, the company changed its name to La Centrale Finanziaria Generale, acquiring 
equity investments in various companies in the banking, insurance and publishing sector. The company 
merged by incorporation with Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano in 1985 and assumed its name and constitutional 
objects. Following the acquisition of Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde S.p.A. ("Cariplo") in 
January 1998, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to Gruppo Banca Intesa. Then, in 2001, 
Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A. was merged into the Gruppo Banca Intesa and the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's name was changed to "Banca Intesa Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A.". On 1 January 2003 the 
corporate name was changed to "Banca Intesa S.p.A.". 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo IMI") was formed in 1998 through the merger of Istituto Mobiliare 
Italiano S.p.A. ("IMI") and Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo"). 
Sanpaolo originated from the "Compagnia di San Paolo" brotherhood, which was set up in 1563 to help the 
needy. The "Compagnia di San Paolo" began undertaking credit activities and progressively developed into 
a banking institution during the nineteenth century, becoming a public law credit institution (Istituto di 
Credito di Diritto Pubblico) in 1932. Between 1960 and 1990, Sanpaolo expanded its network nationwide 
through a number of acquisitions of local banks and medium-sized regional banks, ultimately reaching the 
level of a multifunctional group of national importance in 1991 after its acquisition of Crediop. On 31 
December 1991, Sanpaolo became a stock corporation (società per azioni) with the name Istituto Bancario 
San Paolo di Torino Società per Azioni. 
IMI was established as a public law entity in 1931 and during the 1980s it developed its specialist credit 
and investment banking services and, with Banca Fideuram, its professional asset management and 
financial consultancy services. IMI became a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) in 1991. 
The merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI and the creation of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
The boards of directors of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI unanimously approved the merger of Sanpaolo 
IMI with Banca Intesa on 12 October 2006 and the merger became effective on 1 January 2007. The 
surviving entity changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the parent company of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. 
Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo is a company limited by shares, incorporated in 1925 under the laws of Italy and registered 
with the Companies' Registry of Turin under registration number 00799960158. It is also registered on the 
National Register of Banks under no. 5361 and is the parent company of "Gruppo Intesa Sanpaolo". Intesa 
Sanpaolo operates subject to the Banking Law. 
Registered Office 
Intesa Sanpaolo's registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy) and its telephone number 
is +39 0115551. Intesa Sanpaolo's secondary office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan (Italy).

--- Page 182 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 173 - 
47-41006023 
 
Website 
Intesa Sanpaolo's website is https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/. The information on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
Objects 
The objects of Intesa Sanpaolo are deposit-taking and the carrying-on of all forms of lending activities, 
including through its subsidiaries. Intesa Sanpaolo may also, in compliance with laws and regulations 
applicable from time to time and subject to obtaining the required authorisations, provide all banking and 
financial services, including the establishment and management of open-ended and closed-ended 
supplementary pension schemes, as well as the performance of any other transactions that are incidental to, 
or connected with, the achievement of its objects. 
Ratings 
The credit ratings assigned to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. are the following: 
• 
BBB (high) by DBRS Rating GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar"); 
• 
BBB- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings"); 
• 
Baa1 by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"); and 
• 
BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings"). 
Each of DBRS Morningstar, Fitch Ratings, Moody's and S&P Global Ratings is established in the EEA or 
in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") and appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA 
website https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Share Capital 
As at 9 December 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo's issued and paid-up share capital amounted to 
€10,084,445,147.92, divided into 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares without nominal value. Since 
9 December 2020, there has been no change to Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital. 
The Issuers are not aware of any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change of control of any of the Issuers. 
Organisational Structure of the Divisions (1) as at 22 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Managing 
Director and 
CEO 
C. Messina 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banca dei 
Territori(*) 
Division  
 
 S. Barrerse 
 
IMI Corporate 
& Investment 
Banking  
Division 
M. Micillo 
 
International 
Subsidiary 
Banks Division 
 
M.E. Rottigni 
 
Private 
Banking 
Division 
 
T.Corcos 
 
Asset 
Management 
Division 
 
S. 
Perissinotto 
 
Insurance 
Division 
 
N.M. 
Fioravanti

--- Page 183 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 174 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Banca 5 
Banca Intesa (**); 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Ireland; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank 
Luxembourg; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Brasil 
Banca Intesa 
Beograd; 
Bank of 
Alexandria; 
CIB Bank; 
Eximbank; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank (***); 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Albania; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Romania; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina; 
Pravex Bank; 
Privredna Banka 
Zagreb; 
VUB Banka 
Fideuram; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Banking; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Bank 
(Suisse) Morval; 
SIREF Fiduciaria 
Eurizon 
Fideuram Vita; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Assicura; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Life; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
RBM Salute 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Vita; 
 
 
(*) 
 Domestic commercial banking 
(**)   Russian Federation 
(***) Slovenia 
(1) UBI Banca (CEO Gaetano Miccichè) has been temporarily considered as a separate business area 
In Italy, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is one of the top banking groups in Europe and is committed to 
supporting the economy in the countries in which it operates, specifically in Italy where it is also committed 
to becoming a reference model in terms of sustainability and social and cultural responsibility. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group has 14.6 million customers and approximately 5,360 branches.  
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is the leading provider of financial products and services to both households 
and enterprises in Italy. 
The Group has a strategic international presence, with approximately 1,000 branches and 7.2 million 
customers. It is among the top players in several countries in Central Eastern Europe and in the Middle East 
and North Africa, through its local subsidiary banks: the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ranks first in Serbia, second 
in Croatia and Slovakia, fourth in Albania, fifth in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Egypt, and sixth in 
Moldova, Slovenia and Hungary. 
As at 30 September 2020, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group had total assets of  €996,848 million, customer 
loans of €489,148 million, direct deposits from banking business of €547,328 million and direct deposits 
from insurance business and technical reserves of  €169,690 million. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates through six divisions: 
(a) 
The Banca dei Territori division: focuses on the market and centrality of the territory for stronger 
relations with individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and non-profit entities. The division 
includes the activities in industrial credit, leasing and factoring, as well as  instant banking through 
the partnership between the subsidiary Banca 5 and SisalPay. 
(b) 
The IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division: a global partner which supports, taking a 
medium-long term view, supports corporates, financial institutions and public administration, both 
nationally and internationally. Its main activities include capital markets and investment banking. 
The division is present in 25 countries where it facilitates the cross-border activities of its 
customers through a specialist network made up of branches, representative offices and subsidiary 
banks focused on corporate banking.  
(c) 
The International Subsidiary Banks division: includes the following commercial banking 
subsidiaries: Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania in Albania, Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Privredna Banka Zagreb in Croatia, the Prague branch 
of VUB Banka in the Czech Republic, Bank of Alexandria in Egypt, Eximbank in Moldova, CIB

--- Page 184 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 175 - 
47-41006023 
 
Bank in Hungary, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania in Romania, Banca Intesa Beograd in Serbia, 
VUB Banka in Slovakia, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank in Slovenia and Pravex Bank in Ukraine. 
(d) 
The Private Banking division: serves the customer segment consisting of private clients and high 
net worth individuals with the offering of products and services tailored for this segment. The 
division includes Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking with 5,785 private bankers. 
(e) 
The Asset Management division: asset management solutions targeted at the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's customers, commercial networks outside the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, and the institutional 
clientele. The division includes Eurizon with €263 billion of assets under management. 
(f) 
The Insurance division: insurance and pension products tailored for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
clients. The division includes Intesa Sanpaolo Vita, Intesa Sanpaolo Life, Fideuram Vita, Intesa 
Sanpaolo Assicura and Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute, with direct deposits and technical reserves of 
€170 billion. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the last two years 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2019 – Highlights 
During the first nine months of 2019, the corporate simplification process envisaged by the business plan 
continued according to the established schedule. 
Specifically, the deed of merger by incorporation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group Services into Intesa Sanpaolo 
was signed on 11 January. The merger took effect with respect to third parties on 21 January 2019, while 
the operations conducted by the incorporated company were posted to the financial statements of the 
absorbing company, including for tax purposes, effective from 1 January 2019. 
On 1 February 2019, the merger between Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking (Suisse) S.A. and Banque 
Morval S.A. was completed. After obtaining the authorisations from the competent supervisory authorities, 
the new bank was renamed Intesa Sanpaolo Private Bank (Suisse) Morval S.A. It was created to contribute 
to the strategic initiative outlined in the 2018-2021 business plan of the Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking 
Division. The new company, which the London branch also reports to, is continuing the process of 
international expansion already begun by Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking. The main branches 
(Geneva and Lugano) and the international network of private bankers will enable the expansion of the 
geographical footprint to high-potential countries, particularly in the Middle East and South America. 
On 5 February 2019, the deeds were also signed for the merger by incorporation of Cassa di Risparmio di 
Pistoia e della Lucchesia into Intesa Sanpaolo, with an increase in the absorbing company's share capital of 
€64,511.72 through the issue of 124,061 ordinary shares without nominal value, and for the merger by 
incorporation of Cassa di Risparmio in Bologna and Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze. The legal effects of the 
transactions started from 25 February 2019, while the accounting and tax effects started from 1 January 
2019. 
On 15 January 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo published a press release with the following wording: 
"With reference to recent news in the press regarding communication from the ECB to the banks supervised 
about their gradual reaching in the next few years of a coverage ratio of NPL stock in line with that set for 
inflows in the Addendum to the ECB Guidance on NPLs as of 1 April 2018, Intesa Sanpaolo does not 
envisage any significant impact in respect of targets and forecasts concerning its income statement and 
balance sheet for the 2018 financial year and the 2018-2021 Business Plan, already disclosed to the market." 
On 8 February 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo received notification of the ECB's final decision concerning the 
capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 March 2019, following the 
results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The overall capital requirement Intesa 
Sanpaolo has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.96% under the transitional arrangements 
for 2019 and 9.38% on a fully loaded basis. 
The overall capital requirement ISP has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.96% under 
the transitional arrangements for 2019 and 9.38% on a fully loaded basis.

--- Page 185 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 176 - 
47-41006023 
 
In February 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo announced the invitation to the holders or beneficial owners of the 
following series of notes outstanding: (i) U.S.$1,000,000,000 5.25% Section 3(a)(2) Notes Due 2024, (ii) 
U.S.$1,250,000,000 3.875% Rule 144A Notes Due July 14, 2027, (iii) U.S.$1,000,000,000 3.875% Rule 
144A Notes Due 2028, and (iv) U.S.$500,000,000 4.375% Rule 144A Notes Due 2048 or the global receipts 
representing beneficial interests in any Series of Notes issued through Citibank N.A. as the receipt issuer, 
to tender their notes for the cash purchase by the Issuer, as described in the Tender Offer Memorandum of 
7 February 2019. The offers, not subject to any future issue on the capital markets, form part of the liability 
management transactions carried out by the Issuer. At the close of the transaction, the total nominal amount 
tendered and accepted was USD 2,100,761,000. 
On 30 April 2019, the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo – in addition to approving its 
financial statements, the allocation of the net income for the year and the distribution of the dividend to 
shareholders, the financial statements of the merged companies Intesa Sanpaolo Group Services and Cassa 
di Risparmio di Pistoia e della Lucchesia – appointed EY S.p.A. as the independent auditors for the financial 
years 2021-2029, determining their fee. The Shareholders' Meeting also appointed the members of the 
Board of Directors and the Management Control Committee for financial years 2019-2021 on the basis of 
slates of candidates submitted by the shareholders. 
The Shareholders' Meeting then passed specific resolutions on the remuneration and own shares. 
Specifically, it: 
− 
approved the remuneration policies in respect of the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
− 
determined the remuneration of the Board of Directors; 
− 
approved the remuneration and incentive policies for 2019 and voted in favour of the procedures 
used to adopt and implement the remuneration and incentive policies, as described in the Report 
on Remuneration; 
− 
approved the increase in the variable-to-fixed remuneration cap for personnel operating exclusively 
in the Investment Management units belonging to Intesa Sanpaolo Group Asset Management 
entities, both in Italy and abroad; 
− 
authorised the purchase and disposal of own shares to service the 2018 annual incentive plan. 
Lastly, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the proposal for the settlement of the liability action brought 
against Alberto Guareschi and Roberto Menchetti in their capacity as former Chairman and former General 
Manager of Banca Monte Parma, with proceeds of €4.35 million. 
On 2 May 2019, the Board of Directors unanimously appointed Carlo Messina as Managing Director and 
CEO, granting him the powers necessary and appropriate to ensure consistent management of Intesa 
Sanpaolo. 
The first sell-back of high-risk loans deriving from the Venetian banks in compulsory administrative 
liquidation was launched on 11 May 2019, following notification of Intesa Sanpaolo on 11 March 2019 
from the Ministry of the Economy and Finance of the issue of the decree formalising the high-risk guarantee 
for a total of €4 billion. The high-risk positions reclassified as "bad loans" and/or "unlikely to pay loans" 
were sold back for €456 million, calculated per the contract on the basis of the gross carrying value of the 
reclassified high-risk loans, less (i) provisions at the date of execution and (ii) 50% of the impairment losses 
which under IAS/IFRS the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group would have recognised had the Banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation not had the obligation to purchase. Since the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Banking Group had already reclassified the loans in question as discontinued operations at a carrying 
amount consistent with the above consideration, no differences between the net value of the loans sold and 
their sell-back price emerged. As at 30 June 2019, discontinued operations included the residual high-risk 
loans classified in the interim as "bad loans" and/or "unlikely-to-pay loans" and to be sold back by the end 
of 2019. 
On 14 May 2019, the deed was signed for the merger by incorporation of Banca Apulia S.p.A. into Intesa 
Sanpaolo, with the issue of 247,398 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares bearing regular dividend rights, 
without nominal value, and an increase in share capital from 9,085,534,363.36 to 9,085,663,010.32. The 
deed of merger by incorporation of Banca Prossima S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was then signed on 24 May 
2019. The legal effects of these two operations started on 27 May 2019 and were posted to the financial

--- Page 186 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 177 - 
47-41006023 
 
statements of the absorbing company from 1 January 2019 also for tax purposes. Lastly, the merger plan 
for the merger by incorporation of Mediocredito Italiano into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed on 14 June 2019. 
Such merger has been effective as at 11 November 2019. 
As at 30 June 2019, discontinued operations included the residual high-risk loans classified in the interim 
as "bad loans" and/or "unlikely-to-pay loans" and to be sold back by the end of 2019. 
As a result of the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities and certain legal relationships of the former 
Venetian banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and the resulting provisions of the European 
Competition Authority to the Italian government, in the agreements dated 13 July and 12 October 2017, the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group resolved to reduce staff by 4,000 resources (of which at least 1,000 within 
the scope of the former Venetian banks) by 30 June 2019. 
As around 6,850 applications had been received, a number much higher than the 3,000 expected (in addition 
to the 1,000 applications regarding the former Venetian banks), also with a view to the business plan under 
preparation, the subsequent integration agreement of 21 December 2017 confirmed the acceptance of the 
"public offer" of the protocol dated 12 October 2017 for all staff that applied, extending the validity of the 
agreement for voluntary access to the Solidarity Fund to 30 June 2020. 
The postponement of the exits to 30 June 2020 and the reduction in the average time drawing on the 
Solidarity Fund made it possible to optimise the charges for voluntary exits to be borne by the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Banking Group. 
At the start of 2019, as a result of the effects of the legislative changes regarding pensions, the trade unions 
requested the assessment of the possibility of re-opening the terms for access to the Solidarity Fund and the 
retirement schemes set out in those agreements also to staff that, as a result of said legislative measures, 
could now fall within the scope of addressees of the protocol dated 12 October 2017. 
In that context, without prejudice to the overall amounts allocated to the Solidarity Fund and the exits for 
retirement pursuant to the agreements of 13 July, 12 October and 21 December 2017, and considering the 
full completion of the process of integrating the businesses of the former Venetian banks which, as a result 
of the achievement of synergies improved the measurement of excess production capacity, the Group 
confirmed its willingness to permit the voluntary exits also of people who were previous excluded, as an 
alternative to the required professional reallocation envisaged in the business plan. 
In order to allow for incentives for the retirement of up to 1,000 people and for up to 600 people to 
participate in the Solidarity Fund, the agreement extended to 30 June 2021 the option to access the 
Solidarity Fund. 
In the second quarter, the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group carried out the voluntary realignment of some 
tax values. Specifically, Intesa Sanpaolo exercised the option set out in Law no. 145/2018 (Budget Act 
2019) to realign tax values to their higher carrying amounts, with regard to owned real estate assets, for 
which values to realign were identified for €1,955.6 million. These mainly derive from the revaluations 
carried out starting with the 2017 financial statements, following the adoption of the criteria for revaluation 
of the value of owner-occupied properties (IAS 16) and of the fair value for investment property (IAS 40). 
These correspond to a substitute tax of €269.4 million. At consolidated level, the exercise of this option 
resulted in: i) the recognition of substitute tax of €269.4 million, of which €93.9 million posted to the 
income statement for the period and €175.5 million to shareholders' equity; ii) the derecognition of net 
deferred tax liabilities of €622.6 million, of which €217.1 million through profit or loss and €405.5 million 
through shareholders' equity, with a positive impact on the income statement of the period of € 123.2 million 
and an additional €230 million in shareholders' equity. The Board of Directors identified the share premium 
reserve in the financial statements to be classified as the suspended tax reserves, in an amount equal to the 
difference between the higher values realigned and the substitute tax due (€1,686.2 million), which will be 
subject to approval by the ordinary shareholders' meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo at the next possible meeting, 
presumably on approval of the 2019 Financial Statements. 
On 31 July 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo and Prelios reached a binding agreement to form a strategic partnership 
in respect of loans classified as unlikely to pay (UTP). The agreement reached with a leading player in the 
UTP segment, which adds to the strategic partnership with Intrum in respect of bad loans finalised in 2018, 
will enable the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to focus - also thanks to the redeployment of skilled employees, in 
the region of a few hundred people - on the proactive credit management of early delinquency loan portfolio

--- Page 187 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 178 - 
47-41006023 
 
(specifically, the Pulse initiative) using the best external platforms for the management of subsequent 
stages, and to further accelerate the achievement of the NPL reduction target set out in the 2018-2021 
Business Plan. 
The agreement consists of the two transactions outlined below. 
− 
A 10-year contract for the servicing of UTP Corporate and SME loans of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group to be provided by Prelios initially covering a portfolio worth around €6.7 billion of gross 
book value, with terms and conditions in line with market standards and a fee structure mostly 
composed of a variable component specifically aimed at maximising the return of positions to 
performing status; 
− 
the disposal and securitisation of a portfolio of UTP Corporate and SME loans of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group worth around €3 billion of gross book value, at a price of around €2 billion which 
is in line with the carrying value. Taking this disposal into consideration with reference to the 
figures as at the end of June 2019, the NPL to total loan ratio would be down from 8.4% to 7.6% 
gross, from 4.1% to 3.6% net, and the NPL reduction achieved in the first 18 months of the 2018-
2021 Business Plan would be as much as around 80% of the target set for the entire four-year 
period, at no extraordinary cost to shareholders. The capital structure of the securitisation vehicle 
will be the following, in order to obtain full accounting and regulatory derecognition of the 
portfolio at the closing date: 
− 
a Senior Tranche equivalent to 70% of the portfolio price, to be underwritten by Intesa 
Sanpaolo; 
− 
Junior and Mezzanine Tranches equivalent to the remaining 30% of the portfolio price, to 
be underwritten to the tune of 5% by Intesa Sanpaolo and the remaining 95% by Prelios 
and third-party investors. 
The finalisation of the transactions above is subject to authorisation being received from the competent 
authorities. The transactions are compliant with the Group's income statement and balance sheet targets and 
forecasts which have already been disclosed to the market for the 2019 financial year and the 2018-2021 
Business Plan. They do not affect the strategic partnership in place with Intrum. 
On 9 September 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo has received notification of the ECB's permission to calculate the 
Group's consolidated capital ratios applying the so-called Danish Compromise – under which insurance 
investments are risk weighted instead of being deducted from capital – as of the regulatory filings for 30 
September 2019. 
On 18 September 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo communicated that it concluded the ordinary share buy-back 
programme launched on 17 September 2019 and announced to the market in a press release dated 16 
September 2019. The programme executes a plan that assigns, free of charge, ordinary shares of Intesa 
Sanpaolo to the Group's employees; this covers the share-based incentive plan for 2018 reserved for Risk 
Takers who accrue a bonus in excess of the so-called "materiality threshold", as well as for those who, 
among Managers or Professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue "relevant bonuses". In addition, the 
programme has been implemented in order to grant, when certain conditions occur, severance payments to 
Risk Takers upon early termination of employment. The programme has been carried out in accordance 
with the terms approved at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo on 30 April 2019. Moreover, the 
Bank's subsidiaries indicated in the aforementioned press release have concluded their purchase 
programmes of Intesa Sanpaolo's shares to be assigned, free of charge, to their employees. The programmes 
were approved by their respective corporate bodies within their remits and are analogous to the programme 
approved at Intesa Sanpaolo's Shareholders' Meeting. 
In compliance with Article 113-ter of Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998, Article 5 of the 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and Article 
2 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016, details concerning the 
purchases executed are provided below. Information is also given by Intesa Sanpaolo on behalf of the 
aforementioned subsidiaries. 
On the two days of execution of the programme (17 and 18 September 2019), the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
purchased a total of 17,137,954 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares through Banca IMI (now Corporate and

--- Page 188 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 179 - 
47-41006023 
 
Investment Banking Division post merger into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.) (which was responsible for the 
programme execution). These represent approximately 0.10% of the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo. The 
average purchase price was €2.129 per share, for a total countervalue of €36,481,543. The Bank purchased 
12,393,958 shares at an average purchase price of €2.129 per share, for a countervalue of €26,388,935. 
Purchase transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and following 
and 2359-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits of number of shares and 
consideration as determined in the resolutions passed by the competent corporate bodies. Pursuant to Article 
132 of TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases were 
executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid 
down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases have been arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under 
Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 
2014, and Articles 2, 3, and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
The total number of shares purchased and, therefore, the daily volume of purchases executed, did not exceed 
25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2019, which was 
equal to 127.3 million shares. 
On 26 November 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo has received notification of the ECB's final decision concerning 
the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 January 2020, following 
the results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). 
The overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 9.18% 
under the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 9.38% on a fully loaded basis. 
This is the result of: 
− 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.5% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.5% made up entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio; 
− 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
− 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% on a fully loaded basis from 2019, 
− 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.56% under the 
transitional arrangements for 2020 and 0.75% on a fully loaded basis in 2021, 
− 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.1%.3 
Intesa Sanpaolo's capital ratios as at 30 September 2019 on a consolidated basis - net of €2,648 million 
dividends accrued in the first nine months of 2019 - were as follows: 
− 
14% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio45 
− 
17.8% in terms of Total Capital ratio45 
 
3 
Calculated taking into account the exposures as at 30 September 2019 in the various countries where 
the Group has a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national 
authorities and relating either to 2019-2020, where available, or to the latest update of the reference 
period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 2019). 
4 
After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 80% of net income for the first nine months of the 
year, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
5 
Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 13.1% for 
the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and 17.1% for the Total Capital ratio.

--- Page 189 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 180 - 
47-41006023 
 
calculated by applying the transitional arrangements for 2019, and 
− 
14.2% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis46 
− 
18.2% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis46. 
On 3 December 2019, concerning the Prelios agreement, Intesa Sanpaolo published a press release with the 
following wording: 
"Having received the required authorisations from the relevant authorities, Intesa Sanpaolo and Prelios have 
finalised the agreement concerning the strategic partnership in respect of loans classified as unlikely to pay 
(UTP), which was signed on 31 July 2019 and disclosed to the market on the same day. The agreement 
consists of a contract for servicing activities to be provided by Prelios aimed at maximising the return of 
positions to performing status and the disposal and securitisation of a portfolio, in respect of UTP Corporate 
and SME loans of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group." 
On 19 December 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo and Nexi reached a strategic agreement which provides for: 
- 
the transfer to Nexi of the Intesa Sanpaolo business line consisting of the acquiring activities 
currently carried out for over 380,000 points of sale, with Intesa Sanpaolo retaining the sale force 
dedicated to acquiring new customers; and  
- 
a long-term partnership, with Nexi to become the sole partner of Intesa Sanpaolo in the acquiring 
activities and the latter to distribute the acquiring services provided by Nexi and maintain the 
relationship with its customers. 
The strategic agreement was finalised on 30 June 2020 after having obtained the necessary authorisations 
from the competent authorities. Pursuant to the agreement, the business line was transferred through 
contribution to a Nexi subsidiary for €1,000 million. Intesa Sanpaolo sold the shares received from the 
contribution to Nexi for a corresponding cash consideration and then used part of this consideration to 
purchase shares of Nexi from the latter's reference shareholder, Mercury UK HoldCo Limited, for an 
amount of €653 million, equal to a 9.9% shareholding of Intesa Sanpaolo in the share capital of Nexi. 
The transaction enables Intesa Sanpaolo to extract proper value from the acquiring activities currently 
carried out internally, through the contribution of its business line – taking into account that operating 
efficiently in this sector, in a competitive scenario of international scope, requires greater investment and 
economies of scale – while retaining an interest in a business with significant growth prospects. 
In 2018, the business activities contributed to Nexi generated operating income of around €74 million, 
operating margin of around €72 million and net income of around €48 million. 
The transaction generates a net capital gain in the region of €1.1 billion for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
consolidated income statement in the second quarter of 2020. This figure has been calculated including the 
effect attributable to the difference between the purchase price of the 9.9% of the Nexi share capital and 
the corresponding value resulting from the stock exchange price of the Nexi shares. This capital gain might 
not be reflected in the net income entirely if, over the course of 2020, allocations are identified that are 
appropriate to strengthen sustainable profitability. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2020 – Highlights 
Integration of the UBI Group 
The acceptance period for the voluntary public purchase and exchange offer (below "Offer" or "Public 
Offer") launched by Intesa Sanpaolo for a maximum of 1,144,285,146 ordinary shares of Unione di Banche 
 
6 
Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2019, 
taking into account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, 
loan adjustments, the first time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of 
€1,285 million covering the integration and rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the 
Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, the expected absorption of DTAs on 
losses carried forward and the expected distribution of the 9M 2019 net income of insurance companies 
that exceeds the amount of reserves already distributed in the first quarter.

--- Page 190 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 181 - 
47-41006023 
 
Italiane S.p.A. ("UBI Banca"), representing all subscribed and paid-in share capital, ended on 30 July 2020. 
The private placement of UBI Banca shares reserved for "qualified institutional buyers" launched by Intesa 
Sanpaolo in the United States also ended on that date (the "Private Placement"). 
Detailed information about the Offer is provided in the offer document, the information document and all 
the legally-required documentation made available, together with the individual announcements made 
regarding the progress of the Offer and its outcome. The Offer was amended on 17 July 2020 following the 
increase in the consideration per share, through the establishment of a cash consideration of €0.57 for each 
UBI Banca share tendered in acceptance, and that the acceptance period was extended ex officio by 
CONSOB from 28 July 2020 to 30 July 2020, pursuant to Article 40, paragraph 4, of the Issuers' Regulation, 
through Resolution No. 21460 of 27 July 2020. 
Furthermore, to prevent possible antitrust concerns, on 17 February 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER Banca 
(below also "BPER") entered into a binding agreement, conditional on the success of the Public Offer 
("BPER Agreement"), which provides for the purchase by BPER of a going concern consisting of a pool 
of branches of the entity resulting from the combination of Intesa Sanpaolo with UBI Banca. The original 
agreement provided for the sale of around 400/500 branches of the combined entity and the related assets 
and liabilities for a consideration equal to a multiple of 0.55 times the CET 1 of UBI Banca allocated to the 
branches identified as being subject of the sale. Subsequently, to take appropriate account of the economic 
situation generated by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, and following discussions held between 
Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER, the pricing mechanism described above was modified by establishing a 
consideration for the above-mentioned going concern equal to 0.38 times the value of the fully-loaded CET 
1 at the reference date allocated to the risk-weighted assets of the branches to be sold. In order to remove 
the specific antitrust concerns raised by the Italian Antitrust Authority ("AGCM"), on 15 June 2020 Intesa 
Sanpaolo negotiated and signed an agreement supplementing the BPER Agreement under which the 
number of branches to be transferred was increased (from 400/500 to 532, of which 501 of UBI Banca and 
31 of Intesa Sanpaolo) with the precise identification of the details and consequent redefinition of the 
estimated values. By decision adopted at the meeting of 14 July 2020 and notified to Intesa Sanpaolo on 16 
July 2020, AGCM approved the transaction for the acquisition of control of UBI Banca subject to the 
execution of structural sales in accordance with the BPER Agreement and the commitments made by Intesa 
Sanpaolo. Through a specific press release on 30 September 2020, it was announced that the parties had 
identified as the period currently envisaged for the closing of the sale to BPER the second half of February 
2021 with regard to the UBI Banca branches and the second quarter of 2021 with regard to the Intesa 
Sanpaolo branches.  
Based on the final results – announced to the market on 3 August 2020 – a total of 1,031,958,027 UBI 
Banca shares were tendered in acceptance of the Offer during the acceptance period (including those 
tendered in acceptance through the Private Placement), equal to approximately 90.184% of the share capital 
of UBI Banca. As a result of the settlement of the Offer (and of the Private Placement) and on the basis of 
the results of the Offer (and of the Private Placement), the offeror came to hold a total of 1,041,458,904 
UBI Banca shares, representing approximately 91.0139% of the share capital of UBI Banca, given that (i) 
the offeror Intesa Sanpaolo held, directly and indirectly (including through fiduciary companies or 
nominees) a total of 249,077 ordinary shares of the Issuer, equal to 0.0218% and (ii) UBI Banca held 
9,251,800 own shares equal to 0.8085% of the share capital of the Issuer. 
Lastly, acceptances "with reserves" were also received in respect of a total number of 334,454 UBI Banca 
shares from 103 acceptors. These acceptances have not been counted for determining the percent 
acceptance of the Offer. Based on the final results indicated above, the Percentage threshold condition (i.e. 
the condition that the offeror comes to hold an overall interest at least equal to 66.67% of the Issuer's share 
capital) was fulfilled and all the other conditions precedent of the Offer were fulfilled or, as the case may 
be, waived by Intesa Sanpaolo. As a result, the Offer was effective and was able to be completed. 
On 5 August 2020, in exchange for the transfer of the ownership of the UBI Banca shares, Intesa Sanpaolo 
issued and assigned the acceptors of the Offer a total of 1,754,328,645 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, 
representing 9.107% of the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo, based on the ratio of 1.7000 Intesa Sanpaolo 
shares to 1 UBI Banca share. In addition, on 19 August 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo paid the entitled parties the 
cash consideration (i.e. €0.57 for each UBI Banca share tendered in acceptance) which amounted to a total 
of €588,216,075.39. 
The interest held directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo in the share capital of UBI Banca at the end of 
the acceptance period was more than 90%, but less than 95%, which meant that the conditions were met

--- Page 191 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 182 - 
47-41006023 
 
for the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, 
with Intesa Sanpaolo having already declared in the offer document that it would not implement measures 
to restore the minimum free float conditions for normal trading of the UBI Banca ordinary shares. Therefore, 
pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, Intesa Sanpaolo was required to 
purchase the remaining ordinary shares from the shareholders of UBI Banca who requested it, for a total 
amount of 112,327,119 UBI Banca shares and representing 9.8163% of the share capital. The consideration 
per remaining share, identified in accordance with the provisions of Article 108, paragraphs 3 and 5, of the 
Consolidated Law on Finance, was determined as follows: 
‒ 
a consideration equal to that offered to the acceptors of the Public Purchase and Exchange Offer, 
namely 1.7000 newly issued Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares and €0.57 for each UBI Banca share 
tendered in acceptance; or, alternatively, 
 
‒ 
only to the shareholders so requesting, a cash consideration in full whose amount for each UBI Banca 
share, calculated in accordance with Article 50-ter, paragraph 1, letter a) of the Issuers' Regulations, 
was equal to the sum of (x) the weighted average of the official prices of the ISP shares recorded on 
the Mercato Telematico Azionario (electronic stock exchange) during the five trading days prior to the 
payment date (i.e. on 29, 30 and 31 July, and 3 and 4 August 2020) multiplied by the exchange ratio 
(€2.969) and (y) €0.57, for a total consideration of €3.539 per remaining share. 
 
The compulsory squeeze-out procedure, pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on 
Finance, which was carried out between 24 August and 11 September 2020, resulted in sale requests for a 
total of 90,691,202 remaining shares, representing 7.9256% of the share capital of UBI Banca and 80.7385% 
of the remaining shares. With reference to the 90,691,202 remaining shares: 
‒ 
for 87,853,597 remaining shares, the owners have requested the consideration established for the 
Public Offer; and 
 
‒ 
for the other 2,837,605 remaining shares, the owners have requested the cash consideration in full, i.e. 
3.539 per remaining share. 
 
Taking into account (a) the 1,031,958,027 shares tendered in acceptance of the Offer, (b) the 90,691,202 
remaining shares purchased through the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated 
Law on Finance, (c) the 131,645 ordinary shares of the Issuer held directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo 
and (d) the 8,903,302 own shares held by UBI Banca, Intesa Sanpaolo, following the procedure pursuant 
to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, came to hold a total of 1,131,684,176 
UBI Banca shares, equal to 98.8988% of the share capital of UBI Banca. Intesa Sanpaolo made the payment 
of the consideration for the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108 paragraph 2 of the Consolidated 
Law on Finance on 17 September 2020 through: 
‒ 
the issuance of 149,351,114 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.77% of the bank's share 
capital, and the payment of a consideration of €50,076,550.29 to the accepting shareholders who 
chose the consideration established for the Offer; 
 
‒ 
the payment of €10,042,284.10 for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash consideration 
in full. 
 
Subsequent to the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, 
Intesa Sanpaolo, having come to hold more than 95% of the share capital of UBI Banca, exercised its right 
of squeeze-out pursuant to Article 111 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and, at the same time, carried 
out the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 1 of the Consolidated Law on Finance 
for the shareholders of UBI Banca that requested it, through a specific joint procedure that, as agreed with 
CONSOB and Borsa Italiana (the "Joint Procedure"), was carried out in the period 18 - 29 September 
2020. The Joint Procedure targeted a maximum of 21,635,917 UBI Banca residual shares. The 
consideration established in the Joint Procedure was the same as that paid for the shares purchased in the 
procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance. During the Joint 
Procedure, sale requests were submitted for a total of 3,013,070 remaining shares, i.e. 13.9262% of the 
shares subject to the procedure.  
More specifically:

--- Page 192 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 183 - 
47-41006023 
 
‒ 
for 408,474 shares, the owners requested the consideration established for the Public Offer; and 
 
‒ 
for the other 2,604,596 shares, the owners requested the cash consideration in full, i.e. 3.539 per 
remaining share.  
 
No sale requests were submitted by the owners of the 18,622,847 remaining shares. Such residual shares 
also include 8,877,911 own shares (representing 0.7758% of the Issuer's share capital) held by UBI Banca 
and 120,985 UBI Banca ordinary shares held on own account by Intesa Sanpaolo before 17 February 2020, 
the announcement date of the Offer. The UBI Banca own shares and UBI Banca ordinary shares held on 
own account by Intesa Sanpaolo were not transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo under the Joint Procedure. Intesa 
Sanpaolo made the payment of the consideration for the Joint Procedure on 5 October 2020 through: 
‒ 
the issuance of 17,055,121 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.09% of the bank's share 
capital and the payment of a consideration of €5,718,482.25 to the accepting shareholders who 
chose the consideration established for the Offer and to the shareholders that did not submit any 
sale requests; 
 
‒ 
the payment of €9,217,655.24 for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash consideration 
in full. 
 
Following the conclusion of the Joint Procedure, Intesa Sanpaolo came to hold 100% of the share capital 
of UBI Banca. 
Lastly, with resolution no. 8693 of 17 September 2020, Borsa Italiana ordered the delisting of UBI Banca 
shares from trading on the Mercato Telematico Azionario (electronic stock exchange) as of 5 October 2020 
(settlement date of the Joint Procedure), subject to suspension of the share during the sessions of 1 and 2 
October 2020. 
Merger of Banca IMI 
Intesa Sanpaolo announced on 2 April 2020 that following authorisation given by the European Central 
Bank, the plan for the merger by incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed with 
the Companies Register of Turin. The merger, which was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa 
Sanpaolo on 5 May 2020 and by the shareholders' meeting of Banca IMI, was completed on 20 July 
2020. 
2020 Annual General Meeting 
On 27 April 2020, the annual general meeting of the shareholders of Intesa Sanpaolo approved, inter alia, 
the parent company's 2019 financial statements and, further to the Board of Directors' decision to suspend 
the proposal regarding dividend distribution to shareholders, allocation to reserves of the net income for 
the 2019 financial year. The shareholders' meeting also resolved to grant powers to the Board of Directors 
to implement a share capital increase by 31 December 2020 by a maximum total amount of 
€1,011,548,072.60 to serve the UBI Banca voluntary public exchange offer. 
Agreement with Trade Unions in respect of at least 5,000 voluntary exits and up to 2,500 new hires 
by 2023 
On 30 September 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with the 
national Secretariats and Group Trade Delegations FABI, FIRST CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN, 
which aims at enabling generational change at no social cost, while continuing to ensure an alternative to 
the possible paths for staff reskilling and redeployment as well as the enhancement of the skills of people 
of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group resulting from the acquisition of UBI Banca finalised on 5 August 2020.  
 
The agreement identifies ways and criteria to reach the target of at least 5,000 exits on a voluntary basis by 
2023, with Intesa Sanpaolo Group's people either to retire or access the solidarity fund.  
 
Furthermore, by 2023, indefinite-term employment contracts will be signed according to the proportion of 
one hire for each two voluntary exits, up to 2,500 hires, against a minimum of 5,000 envisaged voluntary 
exits, a calculation which does not include the exits of people who will be moved due to the transfers of 
business lines. The new hires will support the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's growth and its new activities, with

--- Page 193 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 184 - 
47-41006023 
 
a focus on the branch Network and on the  disadvantaged areas of the country, including through the 
"stabilisation" of people currently on fixed-term contracts. The Intesa Sanpaolo Group envisages that at 
least half of the hires will concern the provinces in which UBI Banca has its historical roots (Bergamo, 
Brescia, Cuneo and Pavia) and the South of Italy. The agreement has been signed well ahead of the deadline 
originally planned for year-end, thus highlighting the effective progress of the integration process.  
 
Specifically, the agreement provides that:  
 
− 
the offer relating to the voluntary exits is addressed to all the people of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
Italian companies which apply the CCNL Credito (bank employees National Collective Labour 
Contract), including the mangers;  
− 
people who meet the retirement requirements by 31 December 2026, including by applying the so-
called calculation rules "Quota 100" and "Opzione donna", may subscribe to the offer in 
accordance with the ways communicated by the Group;  
− 
people who subscribed to the Intesa Sanpaolo 29 May 2019 Agreement or the UBI 14 January 
2020 Agreement but were not included in the lists can submit requests for voluntary exit under 
defined terms;  
− 
in the event that applications for retirement or access to the Solidarity Fund are in excess of the 
number of 5,000, a single list will be drawn up at Group level based on the date when the retirement 
requirement is met. The list will give priority to those people who have previously subscribed to 
the former Intesa Sanpaolo Group 29 May 2019 agreement or to the former UBI Group 14 January 
2020 agreement and have not been included among the envisaged exits, as well as to people entitled 
to provisions under art. 3, paragraph 3 of Law 104/1992 for themselves, and to disabled people 
with a disability of at least 67%.  
Capital requirement set by the ECB  
 
On 25 November 2020 following the communication received from the ECB in relation to the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"), Intesa Sanpaolo announced that the Bank, on a consolidated 
basis, must continue to meet the capital requirement that was established last year. The overall capital 
requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.44% under the transitional 
arrangements for 2020 and 8.63% on a fully loaded basis. 
 
This is the result of: 
 
− 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.5% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.5%, of which 0.844% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying the regulatory 
amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
 
− 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
 
− 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% on a fully loaded basis from 2019, 
 
− 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.56% under the 
transitional arrangements for 2020 and 0.75% on a fully loaded basis in 2021, 
 
− 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.032% under the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 
0.037% on a fully loaded basis in 20217. 
 
7  
Calculated taking into account the exposures as at 30 September 2020 in the various countries where 
the Group has a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national 
authorities and relating either to 2020-2021, where available, or to the latest update of the reference 
period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 2020).

--- Page 194 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 185 - 
47-41006023 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo's capital ratios as at 30 September 2020 on a consolidated basis - net of around €2.3 billion 
dividends accrued in the first nine months of 2020 - were as follows: 
− 
14.7% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio89; 
− 
19.6% in terms of Total Capital ratio calculated1011 by applying the transitional arrangements 
for 2020; 
− 
15.2% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis1213; 
and 
− 
20.6% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis1415. 
On 18 December 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo finalised a securitisation of a bad-loan portfolio of the Bank, which 
was previously sold to a vehicle under Law 130/99, worth around €4.3 billion gross and around €1.2 billion 
net. This securitisation complies with the regulatory requirements for bearing a State guarantee of the 
Republic of Italy (GACS). 
The securitisation vehicle has todayas at the date of this Base Prospectus issued senior notes equivalent to 
81% of the portfolio price and subordinated notes for the remaining 19%. The senior notes have been fully 
underwritten, and will be retained, by Intesa Sanpaolo. These notes, which have received an investment 
grade rating from DBRS Morningstar (BBB), Moody’s (Baa2) and Scope Ratings (BBB), are expected to 
bear a GACS by the first quarter of 2021. 
The subordinated notes, underwritten by Intesa Sanpaolo as well, will be sold to the tune of 95% to third 
party investors with Intesa Sanpaolo retaining the remaining 5% in compliance with current regulatory 
requirements in order to obtain full accounting and regulatory derecognition of the portfolio at the date of 
finalisation of the notes sale, which is expected to take place by the end of 2020. 
The transaction, which envisages a disposal price of the portfolio - also taking the disposal price of the 
notes into account - in line with the carrying value, enables Intesa Sanpaolo, one year early, to exceed its 
2018- 2021 Business Plan target of halving, at no extraordinary cost to shareholders, gross NPLs to €26.4 
billion and the gross NPL ratio to 6% in the four years. Considering the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s figures as 
 
8  
After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the 
year excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
9  
Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 14% for 
the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and 19.2% for the Total Capital ratio. 
10  After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the 
year excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
11  Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 14% for 
the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and 19.2% for the Total Capital ratio. 
12  After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the 
year excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
13  Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2020, 
taking into account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, 
loan adjustments, the first time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of 
€1,285 million covering the integration and rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the 
Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, the expected absorption of DTAs on 
losses carried forward and on the sale of the going concern to BPER Banca in relation to the acquisition 
of UBI Banca, and the expected distribution of the nine months 2020 net income of insurance 
companies. 
14  After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the 
year excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
15  Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2020, 
taking into account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, 
loan adjustments, the first time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of 
€1,285 million covering the integration and rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the 
Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, the expected absorption of DTAs on 
losses carried forward and on the sale of the going concern to BPER Banca in relation to the acquisition 
of UBI Banca, and the expected distribution of the nine months 2020 net income of insurance 
companies.

--- Page 195 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 186 - 
47-41006023 
 
at the end of September 2020 excluding UBI Banca, the finalisation of the notes sale results in gross NPLs 
at €24.6 billion and gross NPL ratio at 5.9%. 
Sovereign risk exposure 
As at 30 September 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo Group's exposure in securities to Italian sovereign debt – 
including the insurance business – amounted to a total of €93,353 million, in addition to receivables for 
€9,795 million. The security exposures increased compared to €85,826 million as at the 31 December 2019. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The composition of Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors as at the date hereof is as set out below. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Position 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to the 
Issuer's activities (to be updated) 
Gian Maria Gros-Pietro 
Chairman 
None 
Paolo Andrea Colombo 
(#) (##) 
Deputy 
Chairperson 
Director of Colombo & Associati S.r.l.  
Carlo Messina (*) 
Managing 
Director and 
CEO 
None 
Bruno Picca(#) 
Director 
Deputy Chairman of Unione Banche Italiane S.p.A. 
Rossella Locatelli  (##) 
Director 
Director of Società per la Bonifica dei Terreni Ferraresi 
e per Imprese Agricole S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Darma SGR, a 
company in administrative compulsory liquidation 
Chairwoman of B.F. S.p.A. 
Director of CAI – Consorzio Agrari d'Italia S.p.A. 
Livia Pomodoro (##) 
Director 
Director of Febo S.p.A. 
Franco Ceruti 
Director 
Chairman of Intesa Sanpaolo Expo Institutional Contact 
S.r.l. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
Chairman of Società Benefit Cimarosa 1 S.p.A. 
 
Daniele Zamboni (##)(1) (#)   Director 
None 
 
Maria Mazzarella (##)(1) 
Director                None 
Milena Teresa Motta (##) 
(#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Strategie & Innovazione S.r.l.

--- Page 196 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 187 - 
47-41006023 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Position 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to the 
Issuer's activities (to be updated) 
Alberto 
Maria 
Pisani 
(##)(1) (#) 
Chairman of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Maria-Cristina 
Zoppo(##)(#)          
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Newlat Food S.p.A.  
Chairwoman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Schoeller Allibert S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Coopers & Standard 
Automotive Italy S.p.A.  
Luciano Nebbia 
Director 
Deputy Chairman of Equiter S.p.A. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Casa S.p.A. 
Maria 
Alessandra 
Stefanelli(##) 
Director 
None 
Guglielmo Weber(##) 
Director 
None 
Anna Gatti(##)(1) 
Director 
Director of  Fiera Milano S.p.A.   
Director of WiZink Bank S.A. 
Director of Lastminute Group 
Fabrizio Mosca(##) (#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Deputy Chairman of Mecplast S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Aste 
Bolaffi S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
Metalli Preziosi S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of M. Marsiaj & C. S.r.l. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Moncanino S.p.A. 
Roberto Franchini (##)(3)(4) 
(#) 
Director 
None 
 
Andrea Sironi (##)(2) 
Director 
Chairman of the Board of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of London Stock Exchange 
Group Holding Italia S.p.A. 
 
(*) Carlo Messina was appointed Managing Director and CEO by the Board of Directors on 2 May 2019. He is the 
only executive director on the Board. 
(#) Is enrolled on the Register of Statutory Auditors and has practiced as an auditor or been a member of the 
supervisory body of a limited company 
(##)Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Article 13.4.3 of the Articles of Association, the Corporate 
Governance Code and Article 148, third paragraph, of Legislative Decree 24 February 1998 no. 58. (1) is a 
representative of the Minority List

--- Page 197 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 188 - 
47-41006023 
 
(2) was appointed as a director at the shareholders' meeting of 27 April 2020, following co-option by the Board of 
Directors on 2 December 2019 
(3) was appointed as a director at the shareholders' meeting of 27 April 2020, replacing Corrado Gatti who had ceased 
to hold office 
(4) Minorities representative 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and to Intesa Sanpaolo's knowledge, no member of the Board of 
Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo is subject to potential conflicts of interest between their obligations arising out 
of their office or employment with the Issuer or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and any personal or other 
interests.  
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee compliance 
with the relevant regulation on board member conflict of interest. 
Principal Shareholders 
As of 9 December 2020, the shareholder structure of Intesa Sanpaolo was composed as follows (holders of 
shares exceeding 1 per cent (*)). Such figures are updated based on the results from the register of 
shareholders and the latest communications received. 
SHAREHOLDER 
ORDINARY SHARES 
% OF ORDINARY SHARES 
Compagnia di San Paolo 
1,188,947,304 
6.119% 
BlackRock Inc. (1) 
972,416,733 
5.005% 
Fondazione Cariplo(2) 
 
767,029,267 
3,948% 
Norges Bank(3)(2) 
 
408,812,789 
2.104% 
Fondazione Cariparo(2) 
 
347,111,188 
1,786% 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (2)(4) 
 
334,747,844 
1.723% 
Fondazione CR Firenze(2) 
 
327,138,747 
1.684% 
Fondazione Carisbo 
 
243,955,012 
1.256% 
 
(*) Shareholders that are fund management companies may be exempted from disclosure up to the 5% threshold. 
(1) BlackRock Inc. holds, as a fund management company, an aggregate investment equal to 5.066%, as per form 
120 B dated 4 December 2020. 
(2) The percentage held has been recalculated due to the changes in Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 5 August 
2020, 17 September 2020 and 5 October 2020 as a result of the share capital increase to serve the Public 
Purchase and Exchange Offer for UBI Banca shares, the ensuing Procedure for the Compulsory Squeeze-Out 
pursuant to art. 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance ("TUF") and the subsequent Joint 
Procedure for the Right of squeeze-out pursuant to art. 111 of the TUF and Compulsory squeeze-out pursuant 
to art. 108, paragraph 1, of the TUF. 
(3) Also on behalf of the Government of Norway. 
(4) The shareholder holds an aggregate investment equal to 6.580% as per form 120 B dated 24 June 2020 which 
has been recalculated in 6.010% due to the changes in Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 5 August 2020, 17 
September 2020 and 5 October 2020 as a result of the share capital increase to serve the Public Purchase and 
Exchange Offer for UBI Banca shares, the ensuing Procedure for the Compulsory Squeeze-Out pursuant to art. 
108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance ("TUF") and the subsequent Joint Procedure for the 
Right of squeeze-out pursuant to art. 111 of the TUF and Compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to art. 108, 
paragraph 1, of the TUF. JPMorgan Chase & Co. made the original disclosure on 16 July 2018 (through form 
120 B) in view of the positions held in relation to the issue of LECOIP 2.0 Certificates, having as underlying

--- Page 198 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 189 - 
47-41006023 
 
instruments Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's employees received under the 
2018-2021 LECOIP 2.0 Long-term Incentive Plan based on financial instruments. 
Note: figures may not add up exactly due to rounding differences. 
 
Legal Proceedings 
Disputes relating to anatocism and other current account and credit facility conditions, as well as usury 
In 2019, the disputes of this type – which for many years have been a significant part of the civil disputes 
brought against the Italian banking industry – decreased both in number and in total value of claims made 
compared to the previous year. Overall, the remedy sought with likely risk, including mediations, amounted 
to around €475 million with provisions of €134 million. As is the case for the other civil disputes, the 
assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking into account the 
claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and case-law decisions, for each 
dispute. 
 
You are reminded that in 2014 and 2016, Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Banking, which governs 
the compounding of interest in banking transactions, was amended with the establishment of the ban on 
anatocism and the delegation of the CICR (Interdepartmental Committee for Credit and Savings) to regulate 
this matter. In February 2017, the Italian Antitrust Authority initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo 
for alleged unfair business practices involving, among other things, the methods used to request the above-
mentioned authorisation from customers for the charging of the interest to the account imposed by the new 
regulations introduced in 2016. The Authority completed the proceedings in October 2017, ruling that 
Intesa Sanpaolo had implemented an "aggressive" policy aimed at acquiring the authorisation, by soliciting 
customers to provide it through various means of communications and without putting them in a position 
to consider the consequences of that choice in terms of the interest calculation on the compounded debt 
interest. As a result, the Authority issued a fine of €2 million against Intesa Sanpaolo. Intesa Sanpaolo has 
submitted an appeal with the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, on the grounds that the ruling was 
unfounded. The proceedings are still pending. 
Disputes relating to investment services 
Disputes relating to investment services – Also in this area, the disputes decreased in terms of number 
compared to the previous year. The most significant sub-group was disputes concerning derivatives, which 
remained substantially stable in number and value, but were nevertheless not significant in amount overall. 
The total remedy sought for the disputes with likely risk for this type of litigation amounted to around  €150 
million with provisions of  €51 million. As is the case for the other civil disputes, the assessment of the risk 
related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking into account the claims made, the defences 
submitted, the progress of the proceedings and the case-law guidance, for each dispute. 
 
Disputes relating to loans in CHF against the Croatian subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb Dd 
 
As already noted in the financial statements for the years 2013-2015, Privredna Banka Zagreb ("PBZ") and 
seven other Croatian banks were jointly sued by the plaintiff Potrošač (Croatian Union of the Consumer 
Protection Association) , which claimed - in relation to loans denominated or indexed in Swiss francs 
granted in the past – that the defendants engaged in an unfair practice by allegedly using unfair contractual 
provisions on variable interest rate changed unilaterally by the banks and by linking payments in local 
currency to Swiss franc, without (allegedly) appropriately informing the consumers of all the risks prior to 
entering into a loan agreement. 
 
In September 2019, the Croatian Supreme Court rendered a ruling in the collective action proceedings, 
rejecting the appeals filed by the sued banks against the High Commercial Court ruling from 2018 and 
confirming the position of courts of lower instance that banks had breached collective interests and rights 
of consumers by incorporating unfair and null and void provisions on CHF currency clause. 
 
Being of the opinion that the claim does not have meritorious grounds, PBZ filed a constitutional complaint 
against the decision reached by the Supreme Court of the Republic of Croatia. In connection with the 
mentioned proceedings for the protection of the collective interests of consumers, numerous individual 
proceedings have been brought by clients against PBZ, despite the fact that most of them voluntarily

--- Page 199 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 190 - 
47-41006023 
 
accepted the offer to convert their CHF loans into EUR denominated loans retroactively, in accordance 
with the Act on the Amendments to the Consumer Credit Act (Croatian Official Gazette 102/2015). 
 
In 2019, the number of such individual lawsuits filed against PBZ increased to a low single digit thousands. 
It cannot be excluded the possibility that additional lawsuits might be filed against PBZ in the future in 
connection with CHF loans. The amount of provisions recognized as at 31 December 2019 is reasonably 
adequate – according to available information to meet the obligations arising from the claims filed against 
the subsidiary so far.  
 
In March 2020, the Croatian Supreme Court, within a model case proceedings (a Supreme Court 
proceedings with obligatory effect on lower instance courts with the aim of unifying/harmonising case law), 
ruled that the conversion agreements concluded between banks and borrowers under the Croatian 
Conversion Law of 2015 produce legal effects and are valid even in the case when the provisions of the 
underlying loan agreements on variable interest rate and currency clause are null and void. Such decision 
is binding on all Croatian courts and will positively impact the individual proceedings related to converted 
loans in Swiss francs (or indexed to that currency), which should be settled, then, in favour of the Croatian 
subsidiary. 
 
ENPAM lawsuit 
In June 2015 Fondazione ENPAM – Ente Nazionale di Previdenza ed Assistenza dei Medici e degli 
Odontoiatri (ENPAM) sued Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze (subsequently merged into Intesa Sanpaolo), 
along with other defendants including JP Morgan Chase & Co and BNP Paribas, before the Court of Milan. 
ENPAM's claims related to the trading (in 2005) of several complex financial products, and the subsequent 
"swap" (in 2006) of those products with other similar products; the latter were credit linked notes, i.e. 
securities whose repayment of principal at maturity was tied to the credit risk associated with a tranche of 
a synthetic CDO. Due to the defaults on the CDO portfolio, the investment allegedly resulted in significant 
losses. 
 
In the writ of summons, ENPAM submitted several petitions for enquiries and rulings, in particular for 
contractual and tort liability and breach of Articles 23, 24 and 30 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, 
asking for the repayment of an amount of around €222 million and compensation for damages on an 
equitable basis; the part relating to Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze's position should be around  €103 million 
(plus interest and purported additional damages). Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze was sued as the transferee 
of the Italian branch of Cortal Consors S.A. (subsequently merged into BNP Paribas), which had provided 
ENPAM with the investment services within which the above-mentioned securities had been subscribed. 
 
Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze raised various objections at the preliminary stage (including a lack of 
standing to be sued and the time bar). On the merits, it argued, among other positions, that the provisions 
of the Consolidated Law on Finance cited were not applicable and that there was no evidence of the 
damages. If an unfavourable judgement is rendered, Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze has requested that the 
court determine its internal share of the total liability of the defendants and that the other defendants be 
ordered to hold it harmless. 
 
In February 2018, the judge ordered a court-appointed expert's review aimed at determining, among other 
matters: 
 
− whether the securities were fit for the purpose indicated in the entity's Charter and Investment Guidelines; 
 
− the difference, if any, between the performance achieved by ENPAM and the performance that would 
have resulted if other investments consistent with the entity's Charter and Investment Guidelines had 
been undertaken (also considering the need for diversification of the risk). 
 
In December 2019, the court-appointed expert submitted the draft report, which compared the return 
generated by the securities purchased with that of a hypothetical "counterfactual scenario" of the purchase 
of securities in line with those indicated in the entity's Charter and the Guidelines and found that the damage 
in terms of principal for the security that Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze was involved in trading was 
allegedly €14.1 million, which, together with interest, amounted to around €15 million or  €18.7 million 
(depending on the calculation method used).

--- Page 200 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 191 - 
47-41006023 
 
Following the filing of the court-appointed expert's report, at the hearing of 4 June 2020 the judge presented 
a settlement proposal to the parties. After negotiations between the parties, the Chairman of ENPAM's 
Board of Directors informed JP Morgan Chase, BNP Paribas and Intesa Sanpaolo that he was willing to 
settle the dispute for an amount slightly lower than that proposed by the judge. This solution was accepted 
by the three banks; Intesa Sanpaolo's share was limited to  the amount that had been provisioned the 
previous year precisely in view of a possible settlement. 
 
As a consequence, the judge adjourned the case until 21 October 2020 to allow the settlement agreement to 
be finalised. 
 
Florida 2000  
In 2018, Florida 2000 s.r.l. (together with two directors of the company) challenged the legitimacy of the 
contractual terms and conditions applied to the accounts held with the Bank, requesting that the latter be 
ordered to pay back  €22.6 million in interest and fees that were not due, plus compensation for damages 
quantified as an additional amount of  €22.6 million. 
 
Based on the results of the court-appointed expert review and case-law, it appears likely that the claim for 
repayment of the sums involved will be upheld, but only for a very small amount, whereas the claim for 
damages is unlikely to be upheld. 
 
The case is now pending a decision by the court. 
Alitalia Group: Claw-back actions 
 
In August 2011, companies of the Alitalia Group – namely Alitalia Linee Aeree, Alitalia Servizi, Alitalia 
Airport and Alitalia Express – brought five bankruptcy claw-back proceedings against the Bank before the 
Court of Rome, requesting the repayment of a total of  €44.6 million. 
 
When the proceedings were initiated, a line of defence was adopted based mainly on the grounds that the 
actions were invalid due to the vagueness of the claims, that the condition of knowledge of the Alitalia 
Group's state of insolvency (subject first of the Air France plan and then of the subsequent rescue conducted 
by the Italian Government) did not apply, and that the credited items were not eligible for claw back, due 
to the specific nature of the account movements. 
 
In March 2016, the Court of Rome upheld Alitalia Servizi's petition and ordered the Bank to repay around 
€17 million, plus accessory costs. In addition to being contestable on the merits, the ruling was issued before 
the deadline for filing of the final arguments. 
 
Accordingly, in the appeal subsequently lodged, a preliminary objection was made regarding the invalidity 
of the judgment, together with an application for suspension of its provisional enforceability, which was 
upheld by order of 15 July 2016 of the Court of Appeal. The final arguments have been filed in the case 
and the judgment is pending. In contrast, the Bank won the Alitalia Linee Aeree and Alitalia Express cases 
at first instance and the appeal proceedings are underway, whereas for Alitalia Airport, which was also won 
at first instance, the favourable judgment has become final. 
 
The lawsuit against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze also ended favourably on first instance and 
is now pending an appeal. 
 
Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. (Extraordinary Administration): Claw-back actions  
 
 In July 2013, Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. filed two bankruptcy claw-back actions before the Court of 
Rome against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Venezia for  €2.7 million and against the former Banco di 
Napoli for  €33.8 million. 
 
In both cases, the plaintiff claimed that there was knowledge of the state of insolvency for the entire half 
year prior to admission to extraordinary administration on the basis of media reports, the non-renewal of 
shipping concessions, the absence of state subsidies (because they were considered state aid), and the 
information from the central credit register.

--- Page 201 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 192 - 
47-41006023 
 
The claim was quantified on the same basis as the so-called "return of profits" earned on Tirrenia's accounts, 
corresponding to the difference between the maximum debt exposure and the final balance of the accounts 
generated in the half year prior to the declaration of insolvency. The case against the former CR Venezia 
was concluded at first instance in 2016 with an order for payment of  €2.8 million and is pending an appeal 
brought by the Bank. In the case against the former Banco di Napoli, the most significant dispute concerns 
a currency adjustment of  €28 million, whose recognition has a substantial impact on the total amounts that 
can be clawed back, and a court-appointed expert review is now underway. The hearing for the submission 
of the final arguments has been set for 16 April 2020. Discussions were initiated during the period aimed 
at settling both disputes. The parties have been requested to deposit their final conclusions and the court's 
final decision on the matters remain outstanding. 
 
Dargent lawsuit (Raulet Tirmant Dispute, formerly Dargent Morange Tirmant) 
 
The claim was filed before a French Court in 2001 by the trustee in bankruptcy for the bankruptcy of the 
real estate entrepreneur Philippe Vincent, which made a request to the Bank for compensation of €55.6 
million for the alleged "improper financial support" provided to the entrepreneur. The claim of the trustee 
in bankruptcy has consistently been rejected by the courts of different instance which dealt with the case 
over 17 years, until the Court of Colmar, on 23 May 2018, ordered the Bank to pay compensation of around 
€23 million (equal to the insolvency liabilities, minus the Bank's credit claim and the proceeds from the 
sale of several assets). An appeal against the Court of Colmar ruling has been lodged with the French Court 
of Cassation. The amount of the payment ordered has been temporarily deposited with the appropriate 
"Caisse des Reglements Pecuniaires des Avocats". 
 
A hearing before the Court of Cassation was held in November 2019, no significant elements arose. On 22 
January 2020, the French Supreme Court of Cassation quashed the decision of the Court of Appeal of 
Colmar and referred the matter to the Court of Appeal of Metz, because, in particular: 
 
− 
it failed to demonstrate and, in any case, justify the reasons why it considered the entire asset 
shortfall to be reparable damage rather than only the part attributable to the Bank's alleged fault 
and used an incorrect criterion for determining any damage that might be compensable (if need 
be); 
− 
even if the Bank were required to pay damages, that circumstance would not prevent it from being 
allowed to participate in the insolvency distribution for the recovery of its preferential claim. 
As a result of this, in the first quarter of 2020 the Bank requested and obtained the repayment of the sum of 
about €23 million paid following the decision of the Court of Appeal of Colmar then annulled and quashed, 
which was deposited with the "Caisse des Reglements Pecuniaires des avocats". Then, the bankruptcy 
receiver referred the dispute to the Court of Appeal of Metz and filed its brief at the end of July 2020, 
through which it requested again the payment of €55.6 million (equal to the entire amount of insolvency 
liabilities, minus the amount obtained from the sale of the property whose purchase was financed by the 
Bank). In turn, the Bank filed its own reply brief, challenging the opposing party's claims. This will be 
followed by the exchange of additional briefs, a hearing for discussion will be scheduled thereafter, then 
the court will rule on the dispute. 
 
Disputes regarding tax-collection companies 
In the context of the government's decision to reassume responsibility for tax collection, Intesa Sanpaolo 
sold to Equitalia S.p.A, now the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division, full ownership of Gest 
Line and ETR/ESATRI, companies that managed tax-collection activities, undertaking to indemnify the 
buyer against any expenses associated with the collection activity carried out up to the time of purchase of 
the equity interests. 
In particular, such expenses refer to liabilities for disputes (with tax authorities, taxpayers and employees) 
and out-of-period expenses and capital losses with respect to the financial situation at the time of the sale. 
Overall, the claims made amount to  €80 million. A technical roundtable has been formed with the Italian 
Revenue Agency - Collections Division in order to assess the parties' claims. 
 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena

--- Page 202 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 193 - 
47-41006023 
 
In 2014, Fondazione Monte Paschi di Siena brought an action for compensation for the damages allegedly 
suffered as a result of a loan granted in 2011 by a pool of 13 banks and intended to provide it with the 
resources to subscribe for a capital increase of Monte Paschi di Siena. The damages claimed were allegedly 
due to the reduction in the market value of the Monte Paschi di Siena shares purchased with the sums 
disbursed by the banks. In the proceedings, Fondazione Monte Paschi di Siena summoned 8 former 
directors of the foundation that were in office in 2011 and the 13 banks in the pool (including Intesa 
Sanpaolo and Banca IMI (now Corporate and Investment Banking Division post merger into Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A.)). The banks have been charged with non-contractual liability due to their participation in 
the alleged violation by the former directors of the debt-equity ratio limit set in the charter. The claim for 
damages has been quantified at around  €286 million, jointly and severally for all the defendants. The 
defence adopted by the banks included the argument that the alleged breach of the aforementioned charter 
limit did not apply, because it was based on an incorrect valuation of the Foundation's balance sheet items. 
In addition, in the loan agreement, Fondazione Monte Paschi di Siena itself assured the banks that the 
charter limit had not been breached and, therefore, any breach of the charter would at most give rise to the 
sole responsibility of the former directors of the Foundation. And, lastly, there was no causal link between 
the alleged misconduct and the damaging event. 
In November 2019, the Court of Florence rejected a number of the preliminary objections made by the 
banks and scheduled a hearing for March 2020 to decide on the petitions for preliminary rulings. To be able 
to make a risk assessment of the proceedings, we need to wait for the court's decision on the matter, as well 
as the completion of any preliminary investigation. 
 
Private banker (Sanpaolo Invest) 
 
An inspection conducted by the Audit function identified serious irregularities by a private banker of 
Sanpaolo Invest. The checks carried out revealed serious irregularities affecting several customers, 
including misappropriation of funds and reports with false incremental amounts. On 28 June 2019, the 
company terminated the agency contract with the private banker due to just cause and communicated the 
findings to the Judicial Authority and the Supervisory Body for financial advisors, which first suspended 
and then removed the private banker from the Register of Financial Advisors in December 2019. 
 
The Judicial Authority, at the company's request, confiscated a total amount of around  €7 million from 
several customers that had unduly benefited from the sums misappropriated by the private banker from his 
other customers. At the same time, the company initiated out-of-court and legal actions against the unlawful 
beneficiaries for the recovery of the amounts misappropriated. 
 
At the end of June the subsidiary had received a total of 272 complaints with a total remedy sought of 
approximately €54 million. Of these, 61 complaints relate to misappropriations (with a remedy sought of 
approximately €17 million, for which the checks conducted determined the lesser amount of  €13 million) 
and other types of damages (€10 million). A further 211 claims for a total remedy of around €27 million 
relate to false accounting and unauthorised transactions, as well as requests for reimbursement of fees. 
During the half-year, the subsidiary accepted and reimbursed more than €4 million in claims, in addition to 
the amount of around €1 million already paid in 2019. At the same time, the company continued the out-
of-court and legal actions against the unlawful beneficiaries for the recovery of the amounts 
misappropriated. 
 
The residual risk of disbursement resulting from the illegal acts committed by the private banker is covered 
by a provision of approximately  €9 million. This provision was determined on the basis of an assessment 
of the claims for the confirmed appropriations and the claims relating to incorrect reports and unauthorised 
transactions, without considering the discovery orders issued and the coverage provided by the insurance 
policy, which the company promptly triggered in accordance with the policy conditions. 
 
Ruling of the EU Court of Justice of 11 September 2019 on credit agreements for consumers - so-
called Lexitor ruling  
 
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 on credit agreements for consumers states that in the event 
of early repayment of the loan the consumer is "entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, such 
reduction consisting of the interest and the costs for the remaining duration of the contract". According to 
the Lexitor ruling, this provision must be interpreted as meaning that the right to a reduction in the total 
cost of the credit includes all the costs incurred by the consumer and therefore also includes the costs

--- Page 203 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 194 - 
47-41006023 
 
relating to services prior to or connected with the signing of the contract (upfront costs such as processing 
costs or agency fees). 
 
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 has been transposed in Italy through Article 125 sexies of 
the Consolidated Law on Banking, according to which in the event of early repayment "the consumer is 
entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, equal to the amount of interest and costs due for the 
remaining life of the contract". On the basis of this rule, the Bank of Italy, the Financial Banking 
Arbitrator and case law have held that the obligation to repay only relates to the charges that have accrued 
during the course of the relationship (recurring costs) and have been paid in advance by the customer to 
the lender. In the event of early repayment, these costs must be repaid in the amount not yet accrued and 
the obligation to repay does not include the upfront costs. 
 
Following the Lexitor judgment, the question has arisen as to whether Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated 
Law on Banking should be interpreted in accordance with the principle laid down therein or whether the 
new principle requires a legislative amendment. According to the EU principle of "consistent 
interpretation", national courts are required to interpret the rules in their own jurisdiction in a manner 
consistent with the European provisions. However, if the national rule has an unambiguous interpretation, 
it cannot be (re)interpreted by the court in order to bring it into line with the various provisions of a 
European directive: the principles recognised by European Union law prevent the national court from being 
required to make an interpretation that goes against the provisions of the domestic law. In this regard, we 
note that Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking is clear in its wording and its scope: it 
states that, in the event of early repayment, the obligation to repay relates only to recurring costs and 
therefore does not include upfront costs. The unambiguity of the scope of the provision is confirmed by the 
fact that – as stated above – it has always been interpreted and applied in this way. 
 
However, in December 2019 the Bank of Italy issued "guidance" for the implementation of the principle 
established by the EU Court of Justice, to the effect that all costs (including upfront costs) should be 
included among the costs to be refunded in the event of early repayment, both for new relationships and for 
existing relationships. Intesa Sanpaolo has decided to follow the Bank of Italy "guidance", even though it 
believes that the legal arguments set out above regarding the fact that Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated 
Law on Banking cannot be interpreted in a manner that complies with the Lexitor ruling are well founded. 
Accordingly, Intesa Sanpaolo reserves the right to reconsider this operational stance in the light of future 
developments. A provision has therefore been made in the Allowance for Risks and 
Charges corresponding to the estimated higher charges resulting from the decision to follow the Bank of 
Italy "guidance". 
 
With regard, on the other hand, to disputes relating to terminated relationships, the few court decisions have 
been discordant and no prevailing case-law has emerged. In view of this and in the light of the legal 
arguments set out above (which will be broadened and included in the defences presented in the above-
mentioned disputes), at this stage there is no evidence to consider that a negative outcome will be likely. 
 
Offering of diamonds 
 
In October 2015, the Bank signed a partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) 
governing how diamond offerings were made by DPI  to the customers of Intesa Sanpaolo. The aim of this 
initiative was to provide customers with a diversification solution with the characteristics of a "safe haven 
asset" in which to allocate a marginal part of their assets over the long-term. Diamonds had already been 
sold for several years by other leading national banking networks. 
This recommendation activity was carried out primarily in 2016, with a significant decline starting from 
the end of that year. A total of around 8,000 customers purchased diamonds, for a total of around €130 
million. The marketing process was based on criteria of transparency, with safeguards progressively 
enhanced over time, including quality controls on the diamonds and the fairness of the prices applied by 
DPI. 
In February 2017, the AGCM (the Italian Competition Authority) brought proceedings against companies 
that marketed diamonds, (DPI and other companies), for alleged conduct in breach of the provisions on 
unfair business practices. In April, those proceedings were extended to the intermediaries that carried out 
the recommendation of the services of those companies.

--- Page 204 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 195 - 
47-41006023 
 
At the end of those proceedings, on 30 October 2017, the AGCM notified the penalties imposed for the 
alleged breach of the Consumer Code through the conduct of DPI and of the banks which the proceedings 
had been extended to, consisting - in short - of having provided partial, deceptive and misleading 
information on the characteristics of the diamond purchases, the methods used to calculate the price - 
presented as being the market price - and the performance of the diamond market. The Authority issued a 
fine of €3 million against Intesa Sanpaolo, reduced from the initial fine of €3.5 million, after the Authority 
had recognised the value of the measures taken by the Intesa Sanpaolo from 2016 to strengthen the 
safeguards on the offering process aimed, in particular, at ensuring proper information to customers. 
Following the order by the AGCM, the Bank paid the amount of the fine and filed an appeal with the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court against the order. The proceeding is still pending. 
From November 2017, Intesa Sanpaolo: 
− 
terminated the partnership agreement with DPI and ceased the activity, which had already been 
suspended in October 2017; 
− 
started a process that provides for the payment to customers of the original cost incurred for the 
purchase of the diamonds and the withdrawal of the stones, in order to satisfy the customers' resale 
needs which, due to the illiquidity that had arisen in the market, are not met by DPI; 
− 
sent a communication in January 2018 to the diamond-holding customers reiterating the nature of 
the stones as durable goods, and also confirming the Bank's willingness to intervene directly in 
relation to any realisation needs expressed by the customers and not met by DPI. 
As at 31 December 2019, a total of 6,595 repurchase requests had been received from customers and met 
by Intesa Sanpaolo, for a total value of €111,9 million. with the flow of requests steadily decreasing in the 
second half of 2019. The valuation of the repurchased diamonds is carried out using the values provided by 
the IDEX Diamond Retail Benchmark, one of the main online trading platforms used in the main markets 
by over 7,000 traders. 
In February 2019, an order for preventive criminal seizure of  €11.1 million was served, corresponding to 
the fee and commission income paid by DPI to Intesa Sanpaolo. The preliminary investigations initiated by 
the Public Prosecutor's Office of Milan also concern four other banks (more involved) and two companies 
that sell diamonds. In early October, the notice of conclusion of the investigation was served, which stated 
that two of Intesa Sanpaolo's operators were currently under investigation for alleged aggravated fraud (in 
collusion with other parties to be identified) and other persons are being identified for allegations of self-
laundering, while ISP is being charged with the administrative offence pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
231/2001 in relation to this latter predicate offence.  
Disputes arising from the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships of Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in 
compulsory administrative liquidation 
With regard to the possible outcomes for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group of the lawsuits relating to Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca (and/or their directors and top management), the following is noted: 
(a) 
based on the agreements between the two Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and 
Intesa Sanpaolo (sale contract of 26 June 2017 and Second Acknowledgement Agreement of 17 
January 2018), two distinct categories of disputes can be identified (also relating to the subsidiaries 
of the former Venetian banks included in the sale): 
− 
the Previous Disputes, included among the liabilities of the Aggregate Set transferred to 
Intesa Sanpaolo, which include civil disputes relating to judgements already pending at 26 
June 2017, with some exceptions, and in any case different from those included under the 
Excluded Disputes (see the point below); 
− 
the Excluded Disputes, which remain under the responsibility of the Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation and which concern, among other things, disputes brought (also 
before 26 June 2017) by shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate bondholders of 
one of the two former Venetian banks, disputes relating to non-performing loans, disputes

--- Page 205 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 196 - 
47-41006023 
 
relating to relationships terminated at the date of the transfer, and all disputes (whatever 
their subject) arising after the sale and relating to acts or events occurring prior to the sale; 
(b) 
the relevant allowances were transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo along with the Previous Disputes; in 
any case, if and to the extent the provisions transferred prove insufficient, Intesa Sanpaolo will be 
entitled to be indemnified by the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, at the terms 
provided for in the sale contract of 26 June 2017;  
(c) 
after 26 June 2017, a number of lawsuits included within the Excluded Disputes were initiated or 
resumed against Intesa Sanpaolo. With regard to these lawsuits: 
− 
Intesa Sanpaolo is pleading and will plead its non-involvement and lack of capacity to be 
sued, both on the basis of the provisions of Decree Law 99/201716 (Article 3), the sale 
contract signed with the two Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation on 26 June 
2017 (Articles 3.1.1, 3.1.4 and 3.2), the First Acknowledgement Agreement signed on 19 
December 2017, and the Second Acknowledgement Agreement signed on 17 January 
2018 (Article 3 and Attachment 1.1), and in compliance with the European Commission 
provisions on State Aid (Decision C(2017) 4501 final and Attachment B to the sale 
contract of 26 June 2017), which prohibit Intesa Sanpaolo from taking responsibility for 
any claims made by the shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former Venetian 
Banks; 
− 
if there were to be a ruling against Intesa Sanpaolo (and in any event for the charges 
incurred by Intesa Sanpaolo for any reason in relation to its involvement in any excluded 
disputes), it would have the right to be fully reimbursed by the Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation; 
− 
the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation have contractually acknowledged their 
capacity to be sued with respect to the excluded disputes, such that they have entered 
appearances in various proceedings initiated (or re-initiated) by various shareholders and 
convertible and/or subordinate bondholders against Intesa Sanpaolo (or in any case 
included in the category of excluded disputes), asking for the declaration of their exclusive 
capacity to be sued and the consequent exclusion of Intesa Sanpaolo from those 
proceedings; 
(d) 
pursuant to the agreements between the two banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and 
Intesa Sanpaolo, the disputes regarding the marketing of shares/convertible and/or subordinated 
bonds initiated against Banca Nuova (subsequently merged by incorporation into Intesa Sanpaolo) 
and Banca Apulia are also included in the excluded disputes (and therefore have the same treatment 
as described above, as a result of the abovementioned provisions and based on the criteria set out 
in the retransfer agreements signed on 10 July 2017, as subsequently supplemented). 
The above-mentioned disputes in the Excluded Disputes include 63 disputes (for a total remedy sought of 
around €87 million) involving claims relating to loans sold to Intesa Sanpaolo and deriving from so-called 
"operazioni baciate"; this term refers to loans granted by the former Venetian banks (or their Italian 
subsidiaries Banca Nuova/Banca Apulia) for the purpose of, or in any case related to, investments in shares 
or convertible and/or subordinated bonds of the two former Venetian Banks. 
 
The most recurrent claims relate to: 
  
− 
the violation by the former Venetian banks (or their subsidiaries) of the requirements of 
the rules on investment services; the customers claim that they were induced to purchase 
the shares on the basis of false or misleading information on the product's risk 
characteristics; 
 
 
16 Published in the Official Gazette no. 146 of 25 June 2017 and converted by Law 121 of 31 July 2017.

--- Page 206 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 197 - 
47-41006023 
 
− 
the invalidity of the "baciata" transaction due to the breach of Article 2358 of the Italian 
Civil Code, which prohibits companies from granting loans for the purchase of treasury 
shares, except in certain limited cases. 
The first ruling on this matter was issued in early 2020, which declared that the loan sold was invalid; an 
appeal will be filed against this ruling. Since this is the only decision on this matter for the time being, it is 
not possible to draw any legal conclusions regarding the validity of this type of loan sold to Intesa Sanpaolo. 
With regard to the risks arising from these disputes, it should be borne in mind that the Sale Contract 
establishes the following: 
 
− 
that any liability, charge and/or negative effect that may arise to Intesa Sanpaolo from 
shares, disputes or claims made by shareholders and subordinated bondholders constitutes 
an Excluded Liability under the Contract and, as such, must be subject to indemnification 
by the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation; 
 
− 
the obligation of each Bank in compulsory administrative liquidation to indemnify ISP 
against any damage arising from, or connected to, the violation or non-compliance of the 
Representations and Warranties issued by the two Banks in compulsory administrative 
liquidation with respect to the Aggregate Set transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo, and, in 
particular, those relating to the full propriety, validity and effectiveness of the loans and 
contracts transferred. 
 
On the basis of these provisions, Intesa Sanpaolo is entitled to be indemnified by the Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation against any negative effect incurred if these loans are totally or partially invalid, 
unrecoverable, or in any case not repaid as a result of legal disputes. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo has already made a formal reservation in this regard to the two Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation for all the loans acquired and arising from loans potentially qualifying as 
"operazioni baciate", even if they have not (yet) been formally contested by customers (see below 
"Initiatives undertaken with respect to the compulsory administrative liquidations"). 
 
In this regard, it should also be noted that Paragraph 11.1.9 of the Sale Contract establishes that "the precise 
and timely payment of any obligations and liabilities assumed in favour of the ISP by BPVi and/or VB shall 
be guaranteed by the issuing body i.e. the Ministry of the Economy and Finance: (i) with regard to the 
indemnification obligations assumed by BPVi and/or VB and relating to the Previous Disputes, up to the 
maximum amount of the remedy sought for each of the Previous Disputes as indicated in the case 
documents, net of the specific risk allowances transferred to ISP with the Aggregate Set; and (ii) with regard 
to the remaining obligations and liabilities assumed by BPVi and/or VB, up to the maximum amount of  
€1.5 billion" (the "Indemnification Guarantee"). 
 
This provision is consistent with and implements Article 4, paragraph 1, letter c) of Law Decree no. 
99/2017: the Ministry of the Economy and Finance "grants the Government independent first demand 
guarantee on the performance of the obligations of the entity in liquidation arising from commitments, 
representations and warranties issued by the entity in liquidation in the sale contract, for a maximum amount 
equal to the sum of  €1,500 million plus the result of the difference between the value of the past disputes 
of the entities in liquidation, as indicated in the case documents, and the related risk provision, up to a 
maximum of €491 million". 
 
The Indemnification Guarantee is therefore an essential prerequisite of the Sale Contract. To date, this 
guarantee has not yet been formalised by a specific Decree from the Ministry of the Economy and Finance. 
The issuance of the guarantee by the government is a required procedure that is envisaged, not only by the 
Sale Contract of 26 June 2017, but also by the abovementioned Law Decree 99/2017. 
 
In January 2018, as part of a criminal proceeding before the Court of Rome for the alleged market rigging 
and obstructing the Supervisory Authorities in the performance of their functions with respect to officers 
and executives of Veneto Banca, the preliminary hearing judge decided that Intesa Sanpaolo could be 
charged with civil liability. According to the judge, the exclusion from the sale to Intesa Sanpaolo of the 
debts, responsibilities and liabilities deriving from the sale of shares and subordinated bonds – envisaged 
by Decree Law 99/2017 – would not be objectionable by third parties, while Article 2560 of the Italian

--- Page 207 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 198 - 
47-41006023 
 
Civil Code would be applicable in the case in question and Intesa Sanpaolo should therefore take on those 
liabilities. 
 
As a result of this decision, more than 3,800 civil plaintiffs joined the proceedings as shareholders or 
subordinated bondholders of Veneto Banca. Intesa Sanpaolo entered an appearance requesting its exclusion 
from the proceedings, in application of the provisions of Decree Law 99/2017, of the rules established for 
the compulsory administrative liquidation of banks and, before that, of the principles and rules contained 
in the bankruptcy law, in addition to the constitutional principles and decisions made at EU level. Veneto 
Banca in compulsory administrative liquidation intervened voluntarily affirming its exclusive, substantial 
and procedural capacity to be sued. 
In March 2018, the preliminary hearing judge declared his lack of territorial jurisdiction, transferring the 
files to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso. The charge of civil liability and the joinders of the civil 
parties were therefore removed. On the other hand, in a criminal proceeding before the Court of Vicenza 
against the officers and executives of Banca Popolare di Vicenza, the preliminary hearing judge rejected 
the request for authorisation to charge Intesa Sanpaolo with civil liability, on the basis of the sale contract 
of 26 June 2017 and the special provisions contained in Decree Law 99/2017. 
In June 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo sent the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation a number of letters 
containing claims for compensation of already incurred or potential damages, which Intesa Sanpaolo is 
entitled to under the sale agreement (compensation obligation secured by government guarantee). To enable 
the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation to perform a more thorough examination of the claims 
made, Intesa Sanpaolo, in the letters sent in June 2019, granted an extension of the contractual deadline to 
22 November 2019 for contesting the claims made. Subsequently, upon request from the Banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation, Intesa Sanpaolo granted a further extension of this initial deadline 
up to 31 March 2020 and then to 30 November 2020. 
 
IMI/SIR Dispute  
 
Following the final judgement establishing the criminal liability of the corrupt judge Metta (and his 
accomplices Rovelli, Acampora, Pacifico, and Previti), the defendants were ordered to pay compensation 
for damages, with the determination of those damages referred to the civil courts. Intesa Sanpaolo then 
brought a case before the Court of Rome to obtain an order of compensation for damages from those 
responsible. 
 
In its ruling of May 2015, the Court of Rome quantified the financial and non-financial damages for Intesa 
Sanpaolo and ordered Acampora and Metta – the latter also jointly liable with the Prime Minister's Office 
(pursuant to Law no. 117/1988 on the accountability of the judiciary) – to pay Intesa Sanpaolo €173 million 
net of tax, plus legal interest accruing from 1 February 2015 to the date of final payment, plus legal 
expenses. The amount ordered took account of the amounts received in the meantime by the Bank as part 
of the settlements with the Rovelli family and with the counterparties Previti and Pacifico. 
 
In July 2016, the Rome Court of Appeal stayed the enforcement of the judgment of first instance with 
respect to the amount in excess of €130 million, in addition to ancillary charges and expenses, and adjourned 
the hearing of the final pleadings to June 2018. As a result of this decision, in December 2016 the Office 
of the President of the Council of Ministers credited Intesa Sanpaolo with the sum of  €131,173,551.58 
(corresponding to the €130 million of the order, in addition to legal interest and reimbursement of 
expenses). To avoid dispute, only the exact amount of the order, without applying the gross-up, was 
demanded and collected. 
 
On 16 April 2020, the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Rome was filed, which essentially upheld the Court's 
ruling, while reducing the amount of non-financial damages to €8 million (compared to €77 million that 
had been quantified by the court of first instance), and set the amount to be paid at  €108 million, to be 
considered net of tax, plus legal interest and expenses. A petition for the correction of a material error 
contained in the judgment of the Court of Appeal of Rome was filed by the Bank in the second quarter. The 
hearing for discussion has been set for 17 September 2020. On 3 December 2020, a reject ordinance has 
been released against such judgement of the Court of Appeal due to a material error. 
 
Judgement of the Court of Council of the European Union on derivatives with local entities

--- Page 208 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 199 - 
47-41006023 
 
By way of judgement no. 8770/2020, handed down by its joint sections on 12 May 2020, the Court of 
Cassation affirmed the nullity of several OTC derivative contracts (Interest Rate Swaps with upfront 
payments) entered into by an Italian bank and a Municipality, essentially establishing that: 1) the upfront 
payment was a type of new debt resulting in long-term expenditure borne by the entity and, therefore, 
derivative contracts that comprise an upfront payment require the authorisation of the Municipal Council 
(not the Municipal Executive Committee), which, if lacking, shall invalidate the derivatives; 2) swap 
contracts constitute a "legal bet", permitted only in the amount in which these contracts acquire the form of 
a "rational bet", concluded in terms which enable both parties to understand the risks underlying the 
contract, which thus, must indicate the mark to market, implicit costs and probabilistic scenario. 
 
The judgement of the Court of Cassation was issued with regard to derivative contracts governed by Italian 
law. Thus, it should not have significant effects on derivative contracts governed pursuant to the ISDA 
general agreement (subject to English law) and referred to the jurisdiction of English courts (as regards the 
issues of index-linking the mark to market, implicit costs and probabilistic scenarios). 
 
The decision has already been criticised by many authors and several lower courts have already deviated 
from the principles confirmed by the Court of Cassation. 
 
Nonetheless, in September, two decisions unfavourable to the Bank in this sense were issued: 1) the Court 
of Pavia ordered the Bank to refund approximately €9.3 million, in addition to ancillary charges, to the 
Province of Pavia, stating the grounds for the ruling of the Court of Cassation, word-for-word; 2) the Court 
of Appeal of Milan rejected the appeal lodged by the Bank in the proceedings promoted by the Municipality 
of Mogliano Veneto. That ruling (which is only partially based on the arguments of the Court of Cassation) 
confirmed the first instance ruling which had ordered the Bank to refund the Municipality €5.8 million, a 
payment made in 2018. Both decisions are being challenged. 
 
In light of the evolution of case-law, a specific reassessment was conducted of risks connected with the 
disputes regarding derivative contracts entered into with local entities and, where deemed appropriate, 
specific provisions were allocated. 
 
With regard to the UBI Group, in referring to the 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements and the Interim 
Statements for 2020 of the acquired entity for a detailed illustration of the main disputes pending and their 
evolution, it is noted that no significant events occurred in the third quarter. 
 
Labour litigation 
There were no significant cases of labour litigation from either a qualitative or quantitative standpoint as at 
30 June 2020. In general, all labour litigation is covered by specific provisions adequate to meet any outlays. 
Tax litigation  
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group's tax litigation risks are covered by adequate provisions to the allowances for 
risks and charges. 
 
In addition, the suspension of trial time limits until 11 May was established, first by the so-called "Cura 
Italia" Law Decree no. 18 of 17 March 2020, and then by Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020. Furthermore, 
Law Decree no. 34 of 19 May 2020 provides that notices of assessment, settlement, claims, penalties and 
recovery of tax credits, for which the time limits are set to expire between 9 March and 31 December 2020, 
shall be issued until 31 December 2020 and validly served on the taxpayer during the period from 1 January 
to 31 December 2021. Finally, the time limits for conducting administrative proceedings on the petition of 
a party or on an ex officio basis that were pending on 23 February 2020 or commenced after that date have 
been suspended until 15 May 2020. 
 
As at 30 June 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo had 668 pending litigation proceedings (612 as at 31 December 2019) 
for a total amount claimed (taxes, penalties and interest) of  €141 million (€146 million as at 31 December 
2019, including the former Banco Sudameris Brasil dispute with a value of  €35 million at the current 
exchange rate), considering both administrative and judicial proceedings at various instances. 
 
In relation to these proceedings, the actual risks were quantified for Intesa Sanpaolo at  €52 million as at 
30 June 2020 (€54 million as at 31 December 2019).

--- Page 209 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 200 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
The dispute with the Provincial Department of Florence on the VAT applied in 2014 by Infogroup 
Informatica e ServiziTelematici S.c.p.A., a consortium company wholly represented by Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group companies and sold to Engineering - Ingegneria Informatica S.p.A. on 28 December 2017, was 
resolved during the period. In 2019, a settlement agreement had been reached for the year 2014 
(approximately €2 million), whereas in the first half of 2020 the IRES, IRAP and VAT findings for the 
years 2015, 2016 and 2017 were settled by filing an amended return and paying a total of  €7.7 million, of 
which €0.6 million contractually borne by Engineering, already set aside in the 2019 Financial Statements. 
The total settlement cost was €7.1 million, considering the positive effect of  €2 million  arising from the 
deduction of the VAT paid for the settlement, recovered from ISP, for the purposes of IRES and IRAP. 
 
With regard to the disputes still pending, in June the Attorney General filed an appeal before the Court of 
Cassation against the judgment of the court of second instance, favourable to Intesa Sanpaolo, in the matter 
of registration tax, assessed by the Italian Revenue Agency of Milan in the amount of  €6.7 million, in 
addition to interest (no penalty was levied). The Agency reclassified the overall transaction whereby 
Manzoni s.r.l. transferred a private equity business line that it had acquired through two different 
contributions of business lines by the Bank and the former IMI Investimenti S.p.A. to Melville S.r.l. through 
a partial, non-proportional demerger as the sale of a business line, levying registration tax on the transaction 
at 3% of the economic value declared in the de-merger deed. The Bank retained a major law firm to 
represent it at trial. 
 
Mention should also be made of the filing by the Regional Tax Commission of Piedmont of judgment no. 
125/4/2020, unfavourable to Intesa Sanpaolo, regarding the lawfulness of a payment notice of  €1.7 million. 
This notice, served in 2016, follows the unfavourable judgment of the Court of Cassation no. 25463/2015 
regarding solely the penalties for tax periods 1986 and 1988 on IRPEG and ILOR findings not cancelled in 
the various instances of the trial on the merits, which concluded a complex, lengthy trial, arising from the 
merger of Istituto Bancario Sanpaolo di Torino with Banca Popolare dell'Agricoltura. 
 
In addition, another set of proceedings had unfolded in parallel, regarding the amnesty pursuant to Law 
413/1991, in which the Istituto had participated for the years in dispute, also disputed by the tax authorities, 
which had yielded a favourable outcome for the Bank in the first and second instances. Given the 
complexity of the matters at issue in the trial and the legal questions on the merits, it is currently being 
evaluated whether an appeal of the aforementioned unfavourable judgmentbefore the Court of Cassation 
would be tenable. The amount of the notice was already paid in full in the course of the trial on a provisional 
basis; if this claim becomes definitive, there will be no impact on the income statement, since the tax 
authorities' claim is fully covered by the allowance for tax litigation. 
 
With regard to the merged company Banca Nuova (formerly a member of the Banca Popolare di Vicenza 
Group), on 20 December 2019 the Italian Revenue Agency served Intesa Sanpaolo, as the surviving 
company, with a tax audit report regarding tax period 2015 containing findings for a total of €1.6 million 
of taxable profit and IRES and IRAP taxes for a total of  €0.46 million, in addition to penalties and interest. 
The alleged violations relate to: i) unlawful deduction of contingent losses on receivables due for invoices 
to be issued; ii) unlawful deduction due to decreases in the allowance for credit losses arising from the 
write-off of loans; and iii) unlawful off-balance sheet deduction of the "super depreciation". As the party 
responsible for making decisions regarding the findings formulated in the tax audit report by the Italian 
Revenue Agency, Intesa Sanpaolo  conducted all document research and follow-up activities, on the basis 
of which it prepared defence briefs that are in the process of being filed. The dispute will be reported to 
Banca Popolare di Vicenza in compulsory administrative liquidation - and to the Ministry of the Economy 
and Finance for their consideration and in view of the guarantees provided under Art. 2, paragraph c), of 
Ministerial Decree 187 of 25 June 2017, in accordance with Art. 4, paragraph 1, letter c), of Decree-Law 
99 of 25 June 2017 - which has the obligation to indemnify Intesa Sanpaolo against any liability, pursuant 
to Article 11 of the contract entered into on 26 June 2017, for the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities 
and legal relationships. 
 
With regard to the Intesa Sanpaolo branches located abroad, tax audits are underway in relation to: i) VAT 
on the London branch for the years 2016, 2017 and 2018; and ii) federal direct taxes at the New York 
branch for the tax periods 2015, 2016and 2017. No claims have been made for the time being.

--- Page 210 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 201 - 
47-41006023 
 
In addition, a general audit by the German tax authority will be launched at the Frankfurt branch in August 
2020 with regard to the following areas relating to the tax periods from 2016 to 2018: i) income taxes; ii) 
VAT; iii) withholding taxes; iv) tax losses carried forward; v) transfer pricing; and vi) German trade tax. 
 
At the Group's other Italian companies, tax disputes totalled  €53 million as at 30 June 2020, unchanged 
compared to 31 December 2019, covered by specific provisions of €1 million (€1 million in the 2019 
financial statements). Of   these €53 million: i) €9.3 million refers to claims involving Fideuram concerning 
the failure to withhold 27% of the interest accrued in 2009, 2010 and 2011 on foreign bank accounts held 
at Fideuram Bank (Luxembourg) by two "historic" Luxembourg mutual funds (Fonditalia and Interfund 
SICAV), for which in the years assessed Fideuram was only the placement bank and correspondent bank. 
The risk has been deemed not probable; ii) €42.2 million is attributable to the IRES and IRAP disputes 
involving Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking, relating to the deduction (in 2011 and the following years) of 
the amortisation charge for the goodwill arising from the transfers of the private banking business lines of 
Intesa Sanpaolo and Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì e della Romagna in 2009, Banca di Trento e Bolzano and 
Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze in 2010 and Cassa di Risparmio Pistoia e Lucchesia and Cassa di Risparmio 
dell'Umbria in 2013, realigned by the transferee in accordance with Article 15, paragraph 10, of Law Decree 
no. 185 of 29 November 2008. The risk of incurring liabilities is considered to be remote. 
 
The amount of tax disputes involving international subsidiaries is limited and almost entirely provisioned. 
These consisted of claims for a total value of  €9 million (€11 million at the end of 2019) covered by 
provisions of €7 million (€7 million at the end of 2019). The decrease in the claimed amount was mainly 
due to a dispute involving Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania, settled without any impact on the income 
statement in 2020 (total remedy sought of €0.5 million), and the reduction in the value of the lawsuit 
involving Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil S.A., regarding direct taxes for the years 2015 and 2016, due to the 
negative performance of the Brazilian currency (-€0.6 million). The dispute in which the most significant 
amount is at issue relates to the Egypt-based Alexbank and concerns the non-payment of stamp duty by the 
branches of the Egyptian bank amounting to approximately €4.8 million for the tax periods from 1984 to 
2006. The potential liability arising from the litigation has been provisioned. 
 
In addition, in March Exelia was subject to a VAT audit by the Romanian tax authority (ANAF) with regard 
to tax periods 2014 - 2019. This audit has been concluded and ANAF has determined that the services 
rendered by Exelia may be classified as services of a financial nature for VAT purposes and are thus exempt, 
resulting in the full non-deductibility of the VAT on purchases of goods and services. The revenue authority 
thus claimed non-payment of VAT for €369 thousand, in addition to penalties of €146 thousand, for the tax 
periods subject to audit, but the company could have the penalties cancelled in full. 
 
Finally, the tax audit on IMI SEC is still underway for the years 2015 and 2016, for which the US tax 
authorities are contesting the composition of the company's revenues, which have a high level of income 
originating from outside the State of New York and subject to lower tax. In 2019 the audit was also extended 
to 2017. No claims have been made for the time being.

--- Page 211 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 202 - 
47-41006023 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
Changes in regulatory framework 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the 
Italian Securities and Exchange Commission ("CONSOB"), the European Central Bank (the "ECB") and 
the European System of Central Banks and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board 
("SRB"). Certain entities within the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are also subject to supervision by the Italian 
Institute for the Supervision of Insurance and the Issuer is also subject to rules applicable to it as an issuer 
of shares listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. The banking laws to which the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is 
subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group must 
comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of legislation 
and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the European Union that may affect the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
capital requirements. 
 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
"Basel Committee"). 
 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory 
framework being implemented at the European Union level, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has in place specific 
procedures and internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, 
the prevention and detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness 
in customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures 
and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely 
affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's results of operations, business and financial condition. In addition, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been recently approved and the 
relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
 
 The CRD IV Package 
The Basel III framework began to be implemented in the EU from 1 January 2014 through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD IV") 
and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR" and together with the CRD 
IV, the "CRD IV Package"), Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313. The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRRII) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 ("CRD V"). 
 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of 
time (the requirements have been largely fully effective by 2019 and some minor transitional provisions 
provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the EU Banking Reform 
Package (as defined below) are provided in the paragraph "Revisions to the CRD IV Package" below. 
 
The provisions of the CRR are supplemented, in Luxembourg, by the CSSF Regulation N°18-03 on the 
implementation of certain discretions contained in the CRR and implementing Guideline (EU) 2017/697 
of the European Central Bank of 4 April 2017 on the exercise of options and discretions available in 
Union law by national competent authorities in relation to less significant institutions (the "CSSF 
Regulation N°18-03") and by technical regulatory and execution rules relating to the CRD IV and the 
CRR published through delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the 
European Banking Authority (the "EBA"). The CRD IV was implemented into Luxembourg law by the 
Luxembourg act of 23 July 2015 amending, among others, the Luxembourg act of 5 April 1993 on the 
financial sector, as amended (the "Banking Act 1993"). 
 
The provisions of the CRR are supplemented in Ireland by the European Union (Capital Requirements) 
(No. 2) Regulations 2014 of Ireland with respect to technical requirements and offences in order that the 
CRR can effectively operate in Irish law. The CRD IV was transposed into Irish law by the European Union

--- Page 212 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 203 - 
47-41006023 
 
(Capital Requirements) Regulations 2014 of Ireland. The CRR and CRD IV are also supplemented in 
Ireland by the document published by the Central Bank of Ireland in 2014 entitled Implementation of 
Competent Authority Discretions and Options in CRD IV and CRR (with respect to implementation in 
Ireland of certain discretions and options available to Member States under the CRD IV Package) and by 
technical rules relating to the CRD IV and the CRR published through delegated regulations of the 
European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
In Italy the CRD IV has been implemented by Legislative Decree no. 72 of 12 May 2015 which impacts, 
inter alia, on: 
(i) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions' holdings, shareholders and members of the management 
body requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 CRD IV); 
 
(ii) 
competent authorities' powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 102 and 104 
CRD IV); 
 
(iii) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 
71 CRD IV); and 
 
(iv) 
administrative penalties and measures (Articles 64 and 65 CRD IV). 
 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular 
of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the "Circular No. 285")) which came into force on 1 
January 2014, and has been amended over time in order to implement, inter alia, the CRD IV Package 
and set out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised at EU level. Circular No. 
285 has been constantly updated after its first issue, the last update being the 34th update published on 22 
September 2020. The CRD IV Package has also been supplemented in Italy by technical standards and 
guidelines relating to the CRD IV and the CRR finalized by the European Supervisory Authorities 
(ESAs), mainly the EBA and ESMA, and delegated regulations of the European Commission and 
guidelines of the EBA. 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following own funds 
requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 
6%; and (iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8%. According to Articles from 129 to 132 of CRD IV, these minimum 
ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 capital, reported below as 
applicable with reference to 31 December 2019: 
− 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of the 
CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285, as amended in October 2016); 
− 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer ("CCyB"): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 
2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other 
Member States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent authority 
considers that the conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction from 1 
January 2016 and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge 
the credit growth excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, 
Section III of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the CCyB 
(relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for the fourth quarter of 2020; 
− 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer ranging from 1.0% to 3.5% determined according to specific indicators (size, 
interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the services provided, global cross border activity and 
complexity); to be phased in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part 
I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285) becoming fully effective on 1 January 2019. 
Based on the most recently updated list of globally systemically important institutions ("G-SIIs") 
published by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") on 11 November 2020, neither the Issuer (nor 
any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they do not need to comply 
with a G-SIB capital buffer requirement (or leverage ratio buffer); and

--- Page 213 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 204 - 
47-41006023 
 
− 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level ("O-SIIs"): (the category 
to which Intesa Sanpaolo currently belongs): up to 2.0% as set by the relevant competent authority 
(reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent to the 
financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, Chapter 1, Section IV of 
Circular No. 285. Recently, the Bank of Italy identified Intesa Sanpaolo Group as an O-SII 
authorised to operate in Italy in 2020 and has imposed on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group a capital 
buffer for O-SII of 0.75%, to be achieved according to a transitional period, as follows: 0.56% 
from 1 January 2020, 0.75% from 1 January 2021 and at 0.75% from 1 January 2022.  
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV each Member State may 
introduce a systemic risk buffer in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or macro- 
prudential risks not covered by the CRD IV Package. The Italian authorities have not introduced such a 
measure to date. 
 
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above (the "Combined Buffer 
Requirement") may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum 
Distributable Amounts ("MDA") and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or 
take remedial action (Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV). 
 
As part of the CRD IV Package transitional arrangements, as implemented by Circular No. 285, regulatory 
capital recognition of outstanding instruments which qualified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments under 
the framework which the CRD IV Package has replaced that no longer meet the minimum criteria under 
the CRD IV Package are gradually being phased out. Fixing the base at the nominal amount of such 
instruments outstanding on 1 January 2013, their recognition was capped at 80% in 2014, with this cap 
decreasing by 10% in each subsequent year (see, in particular, Part Two, Chapter 14, Section 2 of Circular 
No. 285). The same principle applies under Luxembourg law pursuant to Article 17 of the former CSSF 
Regulation N°14-01 (with respect to 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017) and Article 12 of CSSF Regulation N°18- 
03. 
 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the "LCR"). This is a stress liquidity 
measure based on modelled 30-day outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 
October 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions 
(the "LCR Delegated Act") was adopted in October 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union in January 2015. On 10 October 2018, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were 
published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 of 13 July 2018) 
and has applied as of April 2020. Most of these amendments are related to the entry into force of the new 
securitisation framework on 1 January 2019. The Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") is part of the Basel 
III framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer time horizon (1 year) by creating incentives 
for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on an on-going basis. The NSFR 
has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and will apply from June 
2021. 
 
Revisions to the CRD IV Package 
 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the "EU Banking Reform Package"). The 
EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD 
and the SRM Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals were agreed by the European 
Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission and were published in the Official Journal 
of the EU on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions will apply 
as of 2 years from the entry into force, i.e. after the 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of 
the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
 
(i) 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
 
(ii) 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement 
pending the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) 
published in January 2019 by the BCBS and then the application of own funds requirements 
as of 1 January 2023;

--- Page 214 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 205 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
(iii) 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a 
backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
 
(iv) 
a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance 
their long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding 
(liabilities) in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the 
amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities 
and regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. 
The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating 
that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year 
period under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at 
individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless competent authorities 
waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the date of entry 
into force of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
 
(v) 
Changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
 
(vi) 
Improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure  projects. 
 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the "EU Banking Reform Package" regarding the banking 
sector have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the 
amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards 
exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments proposed better 
align the current regulatory framework to international developments in order to promote consistency 
and comparability among jurisdictions. 
 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II will be applicable from 28 June 
2021, excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD 
V and BRRD 2 shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions 
which will be applicable subsequently. 
 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded 
the review process of the standardised models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and 
market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of 
internal models and introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital 
requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5% of those 
calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and 
comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised 
in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 
2017. Prior to becoming binding on the European banking system, the European Commission, which 
conducted a public consultation (closed on 3 January 2020) is assessing the potential impacts on the 
European economy. It is expected that the future legislative proposal (CRR III), which should 
incorporate these new standards into EU legislation, will be published in the first half of 2021. Once 
agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process (European 
Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, these 
regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in 
the capital calculation and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the European 
Banking Authority (EBA), published in December 2019 upon request of the European Commission, 
shows that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase minimum capital 
requirements (MCR) by 23.6%, resulting in a current capital deficit of €124 billion. On 21 August 2020, 
the EBA was requested by the European Commission to update further its Basel III impact study and 
published the new impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is presented under two 
implementation scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the previous Call for Advice 
(CfA) reports (the Basel III scenario); the second one (the EU-specific scenario) considers the additional 
features requested by the European Commission in its CfA, i.e. applying the SME supporting factors on

--- Page 215 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 206 - 
47-41006023 
 
top of the Basel SME preferential risk weight treatment; maintaining EU credit valuation adjustment 
(CVA) exemptions; exercising the jurisdictional discretion contemplated in the Basel III framework to 
exclude the bank-specific historical loss component from the calculation of the capital for operational 
risk (internal loss multiplier (ILM)=1). Under the Basel III scenario, the steady-state implementation of 
the overall reform scheduled for January 2028 could increase the minimum required capital (MRC) 
amount, which includes Pillar 2 requirements and EU-specific buffers, by +18.5% with respect to the 
December 2019 baseline. Under the EU-specific scenario, steady-state implementation of the final Basel 
III framework (i.e. 2028) could increase the MRC amount by +13.1% with respect to the December 2019 
baseline. 
 
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for 
market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (ITS) introduced uniform reporting templates, the 
template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT 
solutions for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a 
reporting requirement. The ITS are expected to apply from September 2021.  
 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including: 
 
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB 
approach and the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used; 
 
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be 
calculated only by using a new standardised approach; 
 
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
 
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets 
("RWA") generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the 
standardised approach. 
 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 2022, 
with the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% 
as of 1 January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation 
date for the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") has been postponed by the Basel 
Committee to January 2022 to allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the 
implementation date with the other Basel IV reforms.  
 
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV and 
the EU Banking Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which 
represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have the potential to impact the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's business and operations. These initiatives include, amongst others, a revised EU 
securitisation framework. On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") which entered into force in January 2019, while a number 
of underlying regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the EBA and European 
Securities and Markets Authority are being adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes 
to the existing securitisation framework in relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due 
diligence requirements, the introduction of an adverse selection test for certain assets and a new framework 
for so-called "simple transparent and standardised securitisations" which will receive preferential capital 
treatment subject to a number of conditions.

--- Page 216 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 207 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") published its final Total Loss-Absorbing 
Capacity ("TLAC") Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs maintain significant minimum 
amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to liabilities excluded from 
TLAC, such as guaranteed insured deposits, derivatives, etc. and which forms a new standard for G-SIBs. 
The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of G-SIBs in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in the form 
of an internationally agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum TLAC 
requirement for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) and 18% of RWA 
(as of 1 January 2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement (as of 1 January 
2019), and 6.75 % (as of 1 January 2022). Liabilities that are eligible for TLAC include capital 
instruments and instruments that are contractually, statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain 
"excluded liabilities" (including insured deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down 
or converted into equity by relevant authorities) in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of 
compensation claims or successful legal challenges. 
 
With a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking Reform 
Package and the BRRD2 introduce minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL") applicable to G-SIIs (global systematically important institutions) with the TLAC standard 
and to allow resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G- SIIs 
comply with a supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of a given G-
SII. Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has been identified as a G-SIB in 
the 2019 list of global systematically important banks published by the FSB on 11 November 2020. 
 
The BRRD2 includes important changes as it introduces a new category of banks, the so-called top-tier 
banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose 
total assets exceed €100 billion. ISP is a top-tier bank for this purpose. At the same time, the BRRD2 
introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a "Pillar 1 MREL 
requirement") which applies to G-SIIs and also top-tier banks. In addition, resolution authorities will be 
able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top- tier banks comply with a 
supplementary MREL requirement (a "Pillar 2 MREL requirement"). A subordination requirement is 
also generally required for MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD2, but exceptions apply. 
 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, 
the BRRD2 provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its 
MREL requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would 
otherwise be counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, BRRD2 envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments senior management of the bank and employees 
take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
 
On 12 March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the On 12 
March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the "CB Directive 
Proposal") laying down the conditions that these bonds have to respect in order to be recognised under 
EU law and a proposal for amendments to art. 129 of the CRR, concerning the prudential treatment of 
covered bonds. The CB Directive Proposal together with amendments to art 129 of the CRR have been 
approved and published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019. Member States have a 18 months 
period to implement the directive. 
 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the "SSM Regulation") for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the 
"Single Supervisory Mechanism" or "SSM"). The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, in conjunction 
with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, with direct 
supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. "Banks of 
significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds 
€30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the 
national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions 
established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European

--- Page 217 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 208 - 
47-41006023 
 
Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to 
be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating 
Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total 
assets/liabilities. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, 
as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group pursuant to the SSM Regulation and 
Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 (the "SSM Framework 
Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB. 
 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo and 
its subsidiaries, for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money 
laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is 
exclusively responsible for the prudential supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which includes, inter alia, 
the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; 
(iii) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, 
where necessary, higher prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the conditions 
provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal 
capital adequacy assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of 
a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise options and 
discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "BRRD") entered 
into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's 
failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which 
may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution 
action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale 
of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity 
created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow 
them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down 
(this can be used together with another resolution tool only) and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution 
authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims (including the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes) into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer 
ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of 
ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the 
"general bail-in tool"). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any 
exercise of such powers by a resolution authority under the BRRD. 
 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership (including the 
Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non- 
viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion 
may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool. The point of non-viability under the BRRD 
is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution 
(but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) are written-down/converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided. 
 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments (such as 
the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) issued by an institution 
under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on which the 
interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the

--- Page 218 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 209 - 
47-41006023 
 
termination rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after 
having assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. Resolution authorities may provide public equity support to an 
institution and/or take the institution into public ownership. Such measures must be taken in accordance 
with the EU state aid framework and will require a contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and 
creditors via write-down, conversion or otherwise, in an amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities 
(including own funds). 
 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support 
to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly 
issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case 
of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such 
as holders of the Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
 
The BRRD requires all EU Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund (reaching a level 
of at least 1 % of covered deposits by 2024). The national resolution fund for Italy was created by the Bank 
of Italy on 18 November 2015 in accordance with Article 78 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 
implementing the BRRD (the "National Resolution Fund") and required both ordinary and 
extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and investment firms, including the Issuer. In the 
Eurozone, the national resolution funds set up under the BRRD were replaced by the Single Resolution 
Fund in the relevant Member State (the "SRF" or the "Fund"), set up under the control of the SRB, as of 
1 January 2016 and the national resolution funds are being pooled together gradually. The SRF is intended 
to ensure the availability of funding support while a bank is resolved and will contribute to resolution if, 
and only after, at least 8 % of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank have been subject to 
bail-in. The SRF is expected to reach a target of around €60 billion (the basis being 1 per cent. of the 
covered deposits in the financial institutions of the Eurozone). Once this target level is reached, in 
principle, institutions will have to contribute only if the resources of the SRF are used up in order to deal 
with resolution action taken by the relevant authorities. The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through 
the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 
180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the "BRRD Decrees"), both of which were published in the Italian 
Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-
alone law which implements the provisions of BRRD relating to resolution actions, while Legislative 
Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Law (Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended) and deals principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor 
hierarchy. The BRRD Decrees entered into force on 16 November, 2015, save that: (i) the bail-in tool 
applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a "depositor preference" granted for deposits other than those 
protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SME's applied from 1 
January 2019. 
 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution authorities 
may not exercise the bail-in powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related 
hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a 
secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value 
of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates 
that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes of a particular Series may be subject to write-
down/conversion upon an application of the general bail-in tool while other Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as appropriate, Subordinated Notes (or, in each case, other pari 
passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such application of the general bail-in tool. 
Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon application 
of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the incurrence by 
shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of the relevant tool 
than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. It is therefore 
possible not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may have been 
excluded from the application of the general bail-in tool and therefore the holders of such claims receive 
a treatment which is more favourable than that received by holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, but also that the safeguard referred to above does not apply 
to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of such fully or partially excluded claims. 
This is due to the fact that the safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal treatment but

--- Page 219 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 210 - 
47-41006023 
 
rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application 
of a resolution tool) than they would have received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
 
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 
44(2)(g) of the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to 
employees benefit from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured 
creditors in the context of liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States 
modify their national insolvency regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium 
sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created 
pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking 
which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors, such as holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national 
insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, 
unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy 
in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution as well as compulsory 
liquidation procedures by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected 
by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will benefit from a 
preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that 
provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 
25 October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission agreed on elements 
of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the was amended by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and publish relevant laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions necessary to comply with the amendment to the creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The 
recognition of the new class of so called "Senior Non-Preferred Debt" has been implemented in the EU 
through the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 
2017 amending BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In 
Italy, the Directive has been implemented with the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights 
of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor 
in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Subordinated Notes and the 
holders of the Senior Preferred Notes will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy which they might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, 
in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, it is clear 
that the statutory right of set-off available under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply. 
 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As indicated above, holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-
down/conversion into shares or other instruments of ownership on any application of the general bail-in 
tool and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, non- viability loss absorption. 
 
The BRRD also established that institutions shall meet, at all times, their MREL requirement. Under Article 
45 of the BRRD, MREL is to be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed 
as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution. 
 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as "BRRD2"). BRRD2 provides that Member States are 
required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating 
to the implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional period 
for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a 
linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other 
things: 
 
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the 
introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions;

--- Page 220 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 211 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that 
are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
 
(iv) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD2 will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the Regulation establishing the Single Resolution 
Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the 
"SRM Regulation") entered into force. The SRM Regulation became operational on 1 January 2016. There 
are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and 
provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2015. The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the EU Banking Reform 
Package in June 2019. The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined above), applies to 
all banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, there 
will be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks 
being supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD2 described above, 
revisions to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to change in due course. 
 
Transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive in Luxembourg law – Intesa Luxembourg 
 
On 8 August 2019 the Luxembourg government tabled a draft bill of law to implement into Luxembourg 
legislation Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 (the "ATAD II") amending the Council 
Directive (EU) 2016/164 (the "ATAD I") as regards  hybrid mismatches with third countries. The ATAD 
II extends the scope of the ATAD I which applies to situations of double deduction or deduction without 
inclusion resulting from the use of hybrid financial instruments or hybrid entities. The ATAD II requires 
EU Member States to either deny deduction of payments, expenses or losses or include payments as 
taxable income, in case of hybrid mismatches. It includes situations involving permanent establishments, 
reverse hybrids, imported mismatches, hybrid transfers and dual residence. 
 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 20 December 2019 (the "ATAD II Law") transposed the 
ATAD II into Luxembourg legislation. ATAD II is applicable in Luxembourg since 1 January 2020 
except for the reverse hybrid mismatches rule, which will apply with effect as of 1 January 2022. 
 
With respect to the ATAD II Law, given that the Luxembourg tax authorities have not yet published any 
guidance, there is still uncertainty as to its full impact on the envisaged structure. From a general 
perspective, it should be noted that the provisions under the ATAD I, transposed into Luxembourg 
legislation on 21 December 2018, are quite broad and have been replaced by the more detailed provisions 
of the ATAD II Law. 
 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce non-performing exposures within 
adequate levels, worth mentioning the followings: 
 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to the 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL guidance 
contains recommendations and lays out the bank's approach, processes and objectives regarding the 
effective management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all non-performing exposures ("NPEs"), 
as well as foreclosed assets, and also touches on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning 
non-performing, such as "watch-list" exposures and performing forborne exposures. According to the

--- Page 221 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 212 - 
47-41006023 
 
guidance, the banks need to establish a strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self 
assessment of the internal capabilities to effectively manage; the external conditions and operating 
environment; and the impaired portfolios specifications. 
 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to nonperforming exposures 
(NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the ECB Addendum). In addition, the ECB's bank-specific supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 2018), was set out in its 2018 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from 
these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future SREP exercises. 
 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB has decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential 
provisioning of new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the 
adoption of Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) as regards 
minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures was published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 25 April 2019, known as the "Pillar 1 backstop Regulation", that introduce Pillar 1 provisioning  
requirements, following principles similar to those already guiding the finalisation of the ECB 
Addendum. 
 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the 
European Commission's requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). Therefore the above mentioned 
guidelines result in three "buckets" of NPEs based on the date of the exposure's origination and the date 
of NPE's classification: 
 
− 
Loans classified as NPEs before 31 March 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in paths as 
communicated in SREP letters; 
− 
Loans originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows) and then classified as NPEs: 
3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by 
immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official export 
credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% is applicable to 
export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status. 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published 
by he European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four 
policy actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the 
development of secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. An 
updated Action Plan will be published in December 2020. 
 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 31 October 
2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks in place 
to manage effectively their non-performing exposures (NPEs) and to substantially reduce the presence of 
NPEs in the financial statements. Only for significant credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 
5%, EBA asked to introduce specific strategies, in order to achieve a reduction of NPEs, and governance 
and operational requirements to support them. 
 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 17 December 
2018: in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced disclosure requirements and uniform 
disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' public disclosure of information regarding 
nonperforming exposures, forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-
performing exposures where loans were originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction from 
own funds where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The Regulation 
purpose is to encourage a timely and proactive management of the NPEs. Loans are divided in vintage 
buckets of 3/7/9 years and a progressive coverage path is applied for each bucket. A 100% coverage is 
applicable to: (i) unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures 
secured by immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as

--- Page 222 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 213 - 
47-41006023 
 
defined in CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured exposures, from the 
seventh year after the classification as NPE. 
 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by EBA on 23 
October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 
(Securitisation Regulation) to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints 
imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of 
NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the Commission, the EBA outlines the fact that the 
securitisations can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and 
larger rate than otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations' 
structure in tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse 
investor pool with a different Risk Appetite. The European Commission tabled a legislative proposal on 
24 July 2020, on the basis of the EBA Opinion and the BCBS draft technical amendment for the capital 
treatment of the securitisation of NPEs. The BCBS published its final technical amendment on 26 
Novemeber 2020 and the EU legislative procedure is expected to be completed by the end of 2020. 
 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
 
In recent months, European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the 
banking and financial market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between ABI and the Business 
Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was extended to loans granted until 
31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized companies affected 
by COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments may be requested to be 
suspended for up to one year. The suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), 
including those concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets 
leasing transactions. In the latter case, the suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the 
leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the 
moratorium was extended to credit to households, including the suspension of the principal portion of 
mortgage-backed loans and unsecured loans repayable in instalments. 
 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial 
markets, issued 4 recommendations on the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market 
disclosure, (3) financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
 
1.  Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be ready 
to apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory obligations. 
 
2.  Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in 
accordance with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), as a 
disclosure obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which issuers are 
required to disclose to the public without delay any inside information directly concerning them. 
 
3.  Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and 
potential impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative 
assessment on their business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 year-
end financial report if these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial reporting 
disclosures. 
 
4.  Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements on 
risk management and to react accordingly.  
 
The European Central Bank (ECB), at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to 
adopt a comprehensive set of monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, 
safeguarding liquidity conditions in the banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer-
term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy 
through a fundamental recalibration of targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third,

--- Page 223 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 214 - 
47-41006023 
 
preventing financing conditions for the economy tightening in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the 
asset purchase programme (APP). 
 
As regards LTROs these will be carried out through a fixed rate tender procedure with full allotment. 
They will be priced very attractively, with an interest rate that is equal to the average rate on the deposit 
facility of ECB. These new LTROs will provide liquidity on favourable terms to bridge the period until 
the TLTRO III operation in June 2020. 
 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms during 
the period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that time. 
Throughout this period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 25 basis points below the 
average rate applied in the Eurosystem's main refinancing operations. 
 
Lastly, the Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases 
of  €120 billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase 
programmes. 
 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM), 
published the first supervisory response to provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. 
According to the ECB statements: i) banks are allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital 
defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the liquidity coverage 
ratio (LCR) to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages also 
national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB); iii) banks are 
allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital 
to meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier 2 instruments; iv) 
banks will discuss with the ECB further individual measures, such as modified timetables, processes and 
deadlines (e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); v) flexibility will be granted for the application 
of the ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans to adjust to bank's specific situation due to Covid-
19. 
 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological 
emergency due to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) has 
been adopted. The Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary 
proceeding of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the 
guarantee and strengthen the intervention of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility 
of transforming the DTA relating to losses that can be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the 
amount of the ACE notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20% of the impaired 
loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 
12 March 2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised 
banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the coronavirus-related 
economic shock to the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ on the measures adopted 
with the aim of updating it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommended to: 
 
− 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by 
extending to them the preferential treatment foreseen in its Guidance for NPLs for loans guaranteed 
or insured; 
− 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
− 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting 
issues due to the Covid-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and 
governments to address the situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the 
definition of default (DoD) and forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation 
to the exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in accordance

--- Page 224 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 215 - 
47-41006023 
 
with IFRS 9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the prudential 
framework concerning: 
 
− 
 the classification of exposures in default; 
− 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
− 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, 
clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne 
exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case 
of adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments. 
 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related 
disclosure requirements, in particular, as regards the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for 
credit agreements (e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) 
under the principles set forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing 
the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers  (the 
"Public Statement"). The Public Statement provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by 
ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance of providing relevant and reliable information, which may 
require issuers to make use of the time allowed by national law to publish half-yearly financial reports 
while not unduly delaying the timing of publication; ii) the importance of updating the information 
included in the latest annual accounts to adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in 
particular in relation to significant uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-financial 
assets and presentation in the statement of profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information 
on the past and expected future impact of COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, 
performance of issuers as well as any mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the 
pandemic. The Public Statement was conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other 
interim periods when IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, 
administrative and supervisory bodies, including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, their 
auditors, to take due consideration of the recommendations included within the statement.". 
 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and 
Heads of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of 
banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact 
of the Covid19 on the global banking system. 
 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of 
the outstanding Basel III standards: 
 
− 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
− 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
− 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant 
banks to refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders 
for the duration of the economic shock related to COVID-19. The ECB has decided to extend the 
recommendation on dividends until 1 January 2021with the New recommendation BCE/2020/35 that 
repeals Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of  27 March 2020. 
 
On 1 April 2020 the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the 
Expected Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done

--- Page 225 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 216 - 
47-41006023 
 
before, for applying the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the 
First Time Application (FTA) capital impact of the new accounting principle. 
 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by legislative 
and non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged that Member 
States have implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the medium- and long-
term economic impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of this, the EBA 
Guidelines clarify several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do not automatically trigger 
the classification as forborne or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable 
national law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant 
credit institutions. In June 2020, the EBA further extended the application date of its Guidelines by three 
months, from until 30 September 2020, and on the 21 September, communicated its phasing-out. 
However, on 2 December 2020 the Guidelines were reactivated until 31 March 2021. 
 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity Decree) was 
issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in 
addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules 
for  accessing,by including also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well 
as increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree 
(provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further 
exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 
December 2020. 
 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to 
ease banking activity during the Covid-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and 
businesses. 
 
The Commission has proposed exceptional temporary measures to mitigate the immediate impact of 
coronavirus-related developments, which imply: 
 
− 
a revision of transitional arrangements for the application of IFRS 9, adopted in the CRR II to 
mitigate its impact on banks' capital; 
− 
a preferential treatment for NPLs secured by public guarantees issued as a measure to address the 
COVID-19 crisis, for the purpose of the application of the prudential provisioning in line with the 
Regulation (EC) 630/2109; 
− 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks ("G-SIB buffer"); 
− 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio, as of 
June 2021. 
The Commission also proposed to advance by one year (as of 28 June 2020) the date of application of 
certain measures agreed in CRR II, i.e. the SMEs (Art. 501) and Infrastructure supporting factors 
(art.501a), as well as the preferential treatment of loans backed by pensions or salaries (Art. 123) 
The so-called "CRR quick fix" Regulation (EU) 2020/873) was definitely adopted on 24 June 2020 and 
published on the Official Journal of the EU on 26 June 2020 and entered into force the day after. During 
the interinstitutional negotiation process additional measures were introduced by the co-legislators (i.e. the 
European Parliament and the Council of the EU), such as the reintroduction of the prudential filter for 
unrealised gain/losses from sovereign exposures valued at FVOCI; the exclusion of overshootings from the 
calculation of the back-testing; credit risk and large exposure transitional treatment of euro-denominated 
public debt issued by non-euro Member States. 
 
On 24 July 2020 the European Commission also adopted a Capital Markets Recovery Package regarding 
the Securitisation Framework, MIFID II and the Prospectus Regulation. The underlying rationale of these 
proposals is to help financial markets support Europe's economic recovery from the COVID-19 crisis.

--- Page 226 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 217 - 
47-41006023 
 
The package is currently being under discussion among EU co-legislators and is expected to be approved 
before end 2020.

--- Page 227 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 218 - 
47-41006023 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
The annual financial information below as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2018 has been derived respectively from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the "2019 Audited Financial 
Statements") and from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018 (the "2018 Audited Financial Statements"). Certain 
balance sheet 2018 comparative data has been restated, in accordance with IFRS 3, with respect to the data 
previously presented in the 2018 Audited Financial Statements to account for the final allocation of the cost 
of acquiring the subsidiary Autostrade Lombarde. 
Also, certain income statement 2018 comparative data has been restated, in accordance with IFRS 5, with 
respect to the data previously presented in the 2018 Audited Financial Statements to account for the 
reclassification to the item "Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations" of the income effects of 
the acquiring business line to be contributed to Nexi, pursuant to the agreement signed in December 2019 
and finalized in the first half of 2020. 
Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
The half yearly financial information below as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2020 has been 
derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated half yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2020 (the "2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
Statements") that include comparative balance sheet figures as at 31 December 2019 and income statement 
figures for the six months ended on 30 June 2019. Certain income statement 2019 comparative data has 
been restated with respect to the data previously presented in the 2019 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
statements in order to account for the reclassification to the item "Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued 
operations" of the income effects of the acquiring business line to be contributed to Nexi, pursuant to the 
agreement signed in December 2019 and finalized in the first half of 2020. 
Incorporation by Reference 
Both the audited consolidated annual and the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
referred to above are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Information Incorporated by 
Reference"). The financial information set out below forms only part of, should be read in conjunction with 
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the above-mentioned audited consolidated annual and 
unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and auditors' 
reports. 
Accounting Principles 
− 
The audited consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board and the relative interpretations of the International 
Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee, otherwise known as International Financial 
Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. The 
half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements referred to above  have been prepared in 
compliance with the IAS/IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) 
and the relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee 
(IFRIC) endorsed by the European Commission, as provided for by EU Regulation 1606 of 19 July 
2002. 
In particular, the 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are prepared in compliance with IAS 
34 requirements, which regulate interim financial reporting. 
 
The accounting standards adopted in preparation of these 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
Statements, with regard to the classification, recognition, measurement and derecognition of the financial 
assets and liabilities, and the recognition methods for revenues and costs, have remained unchanged 
compared to those adopted for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2019 Audited Financial Statements, which should 
be consulted for the complete details.

--- Page 228 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 219 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
In addition, the indications provided by the authorities and the IASB, together with the application decisions 
made by Intesa Sanpaolo, as described in the chapter "The first half of 2020", should be consulted on the 
consequences of the impact of the COVID-19 health emergency. Some amendments to existing accounting 
standards, endorsed by the European Commission in 2019 and 2020, are applicable on a mandatory basis 
for the first time starting in 2020, but none of them is particularly significant for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
 
A summary of the endorsing Regulations is provided below: 
 
− 
Regulation 2075/2019: this regulation of 29 November 2019 adopted several amendments to the 
IFRS relating to references to the Conceptual Framework14. The amendments are designed to 
update the references – in the various IAS/IFRS and interpretations – to the previous framework, 
by replacing them with the references to the framework revised in March 2018. The Conceptual 
Framework is not an accounting standard and is therefore not subject to endorsement, whereas this 
particular document is subject to endorsement because it amends some IAS/IFRS; 
− 
Regulation 2104/2019: this regulation of 29 November 2019 adopts several amendments to IAS 
1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting 
Estimates and Errors in order to clarify the definition of material information and to improve its 
understandability. The materiality depends on the nature and significance of the information or 
both. An entity shall also verify whether an item of information, either individually or in 
combination with other information, is material in the overall context of the financial statements; 
− 
Regulation 551/2020: the Regulation dated 21 April 2020 adopted several amendments to IFRS 3 
Business Combination introduced with the IASB publication of 22 October 2018 "Definition of a 
Business (Amendments to IFRS 3)" in order to facilitate the practical application of the definition 
of the term "business". These clarifications do not entail any changes to the practices already 
followed by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group with regard to the definition of a business. 
In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has exercised the option of early adoption of Regulation (EU) 
34/2020 of 15 January 2020 for the 2019 Audited Financial Statements, which adopted the document issued 
by the IASB in September 2019 on "Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (amendments to IFRS 9 Financial 
Instruments, IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and IFRS 7 Financial 
Instruments: Disclosures)", application of which is mandatory with effect from 1 January 2020. This 
regulation introduced several amendments regarding hedges (hedge accounting) designed to prevent 
uncertainties about the amount and timing of the cash flows arising from the rate reform from resulting in 
the discontinuation of existing hedges and difficulties in designating new hedging relationships. 
 
As disclosed in the 2019 Audited Financial Statements, this relates to recent developments concerning the 
revision or replacement of certain interest rate benchmarks used to set interest rates in various jurisdictions, 
such as LIBOR, TIBOR and, in Europe, EONIA and Euribor, based on the indications from the G20 and 
the Financial Stability Board.The IASB is working on the possible accounting impacts of the IBOR Reform 
through a project divided into two phases: the first phase focused on the possible accounting impacts in the 
period prior to the replacement of the existing benchmark rates with new rates (pre-replacement issues); 
and the second phase of the project, still under way, involves the analysis of the possible accounting impacts 
deriving from the application of the new rates and other less urgent issues (replacement issues). Phase 1 of 
the project, which ended with the publication of the above-mentioned Regulation 34/2020, introduced 
several changes to prevent the discontinuation of existing hedges. The IASB considers that, in this scenario, 
the discontinuation of hedges solely due to the effect of uncertainty does not provide useful information for 
the readers of financial statements and has therefore decided to make some temporary exceptions to the 
existing regulations to prevent these distortions, which can be applied until the reform of the interest rate 
benchmarks has been completed.  
 
The IASB has identified several hedge accounting provisions that could be affected by the reform of the 
benchmarks in the "pre-replacement" phase and introduced a simplification for each of them, assuming that 
the interest rate benchmarks used to set existing interest rates will not be changed as a result of the interbank 
rate reform. The amendments are applicable on a mandatory basis from 1 January 2020, with the option of 
early application, as exercised by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which applied these provisions when 
preparing its 2019 Audited Financial Statements.

--- Page 229 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 220 - 
47-41006023 
 
The 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements, drawn up in euro as the functional currency, are 
prepared in condensed form as permitted by IAS 34, and contain the consolidated Balance sheet, the 
consolidated Income statement, the Statement of consolidated comprehensive income for the period, the 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity, the consolidated Statement of cash flows and the explanatory 
notes. They are also complemented by information on significant events which occurred in the period, on 
the main risks and uncertainties to be faced in the remaining months of the year, as well as information on 
significant related party transactions. With effect from the 2018 Audited  Financial Statements, following 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's decision to exercise the option of adopting the deferral approach, also provided 
for banking-led financial conglomerates, specific balance sheet and income statement captions have been 
added to the consolidated financial statement layouts established in Circular 262 to present the valuation of 
assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance companies and the related profit or loss effects measured in 
accordance with IAS 39. The amounts indicated in the financial statements and explanatory notes are 
expressed in millions of euro, unless otherwise specified. 
 
With regard to assets held for sale, as stated above in the chapter "The first half of 2020" of this report, on 
26 June 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo and Aleàtica S.A.U., a Spanish company specialised in infrastructure 
investments that is 100% owned by the Australian fund IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, reached an 
agreement regarding the sale of the entire equity investment held in Autostrade Lombarde (in which Intesa 
Sanpaolo holds a 55.8% interest) and its operating subsidiary Brebemi, the company that holds the 
concession to the Milan-Brescia motorway segment (A35). The transaction is expected to be completed by 
the end of 2020 and is subject to the usual authorisations from the competent authorities. As a result of the 
transaction described above, the assets and liabilities attributable to the two subsidiaries, controlled within 
the meaning given in IFRS 10 and consolidated line by line in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's consolidated 
financial statements, have been reclassified with effect from the 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
Statements among assets and liabilities held for sale and discontinued operations in accordance with IFRS 
5. The assets held for sale also include a residual portion of the non-performing credit exposures arising 
from leasing activity and contemplated in the agreement with Prelios, for which the transfer has yet to be 
completed in view of the inability, relating to the restrictions imposed by the COVID-19, to proceed with 
the inspections required to allow the sale deeds to be prepared for the properties; according to the conditions 
agreed between the parties, the transfer of this portion of the portfolio will occur within the third month 
from the date on which the restrictions imposed by the current health emergency are lifted. Assets held for 
sale also include the pledge lending business line, for which Intesa Sanpaolo reached an agreement for sale 
to ProntoPegno at the end of 2019, which was entered into on 13 July 2020. The transfer of Intesa Sanpaolo's 
acquiring business line, previously included among discontinued operations, to Nexi was completed on 30 
June. For detailed information, see the sections "The first half of 2020" and "Balance sheet aggregates" in 
the Notes to the  2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements. 
 
Finally, with regard to the "high-risk" loans originating from the Venetian banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation, as indicated above in the chapter "The first half of 2020" of this Report, on 13 
June 2020 the final retrocession was performed for positions reclassified as "bad loans" and/or "unlikely-
to-pay loans", considering that the decree whereby the Ministry of the Economy and Finance formalised 
the "high risk" guarantee and Law Decree 99/2017 (the "Venetian Banks" Law Decree) establish that Intesa 
Sanpaolo's right to retrocede the "high risk" loans must be exercised within three years of the original 
transfer of the Aggregate Set, a transaction that was closed on 26 June 2017. The retrocession applied to a 
total portfolio with a gross value of  €201 million, for a retrocession price of  €176 million. In the second 
quarter of 2020, on 18 April 2020, another retrocession event had occurred, involving a total portfolio with 
a gross value of  €121 million, for a retrocession price of  €103 million. Both retrocessions occurred at a 
price aligned with the net book value, which already incorporated the contractual mechanism for 
determining the retrocession consideration, according to which 50% of adjustments are borne by the Banks 
in compulsory administrative liquidation. Accordingly, at 30 June 2020 there are no longer any "high risk" 
loans reclassified to assets held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5. 
 
The 2020 Half Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are complemented by certification of the Managing 
Director – CEO and the Manager responsible for preparing the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial reports 
pursuant to Article154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance and are subject to limited review by the 
Independent Auditors KPMG.

--- Page 230 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 221 - 
47-41006023 
 
Transition to IFRS 16 
The regulations 
The new accounting standard IFRS 16, issued by the IASB in January 2016 and endorsed by the European 
Commission through Regulation no. 1986/2017, replaced IAS 17 "Leases", IFRIC 4 "Determining whether 
an arrangement contains a lease", SIC 15 "Operating leases – Incentives" and SIC 27 "Evaluating the 
substance of transactions involving the legal form of a lease", with effect from 1 January 2019, and 
established the requirements for accounting for lease contracts. 
In accordance with the new standard, entities are required to decide whether a contract is (or contains) a 
lease, based on the concept of control of the use of an identified asset for a set period of time. As a result, 
rental, hire or free loan agreements come under the scope of the new rules. 
In view of the above, significant changes have been made to the accounting for lease transactions in the 
financial statements of the lessee/user, with the introduction of a single accounting model for lease contracts 
for the lessee, based on the right-of- use model. Specifically, the main change consists of the elimination 
of the distinction between operating and finance leases, established by IAS 17: all lease contracts must 
therefore be accounted for in the same way with the recognition of an asset and a liability. Unlike the 
standards in force until 31 December 2018, the accounting model envisages the recognition of the right of 
use of the leased asset under the Balance Sheet Assets and the liabilities for lease payments not yet paid to 
the lessor under the Balance Sheet Liabilities. The method of recognition of the profit or loss components 
has also changed: in IAS 17 lease payments were shown under the caption Administrative Expenses, 
whereas under IFRS 16 the charges relating to the amortisation of the "right of use" and the interest expense 
on the payable are recognised. 
In terms of disclosure, the minimum information required from the lessees includes: 
− 
the sub-division of the leased assets among different "classes"; 
− 
an analysis by due date of the liabilities related to the leases; 
− 
the information that is potentially helpful for a better understanding of the entity's activities with 
regard to the lease contracts (for example, prepayment or extension options). 
However, there are no substantial changes, other than some additional disclosure requirements, for the 
accounting for leases by the lessors, where the current distinction is maintained between operating leases 
and finance leases. 
In addition, in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 16 and the IFRIC clarifications ("Cloud 
Computing Arrangements" document of September 2018), software has been excluded from the scope of 
IFRS 16 and is therefore accounted for in accordance with IAS 38 and its requirements. 
From 1 January 2019, the effects on the financial statements resulting from the adoption of IFRS 16 can be 
identified for the lessee – with the same income and final cash flows – as an increase in the assets recorded 
in the financial statements (leased assets), an increase in the liabilities (the payable for the leased assets), a 
reduction in administrative expenses (lease payments) and an accompanying increase in financial costs (the 
remuneration of the payable recognised) and depreciation (relating to the right of use). With regard to the 
income statement, when the entire term of the contracts is considered, the economic impact does not change 
over the period of the lease, both when the former IAS 17 or the new IFRS 16 are applied, but its distribution 
over time is different. 
In 2018, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group initiated a specific project for the implementation of IFRS 16 – Leases, 
aimed at examining and determining the qualitative and quantitative impacts, and identifying and 
implementing the practical and organisational measures required for consistent, systematic and effective 
adoption within the Group as a whole and for each of its individual subsidiaries. From a procedural 
perspective, a specific application has been implemented at Group level (except for some companies located 
abroad, which have adopted a solution specific to their circumstances) for the determination of values 
according to IFRS 16.

--- Page 231 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 222 - 
47-41006023 
 
The choices made by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
It is worth noting some "general" choices made by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group regarding the methods of 
presentation of the effects of first-time adoption of the standard, as well as some rules to be applied upon 
full adoption for the accounting for lease contracts. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group has chosen to carry out the first-time adoption (FTA) of IFRS 16 through the 
modified retrospective approach, which provides the option, established by the standard, of recognising the 
cumulative effect of the adoption of the standard at the date of first-time adoption and not restating the 
comparative information of the financial statements of first-time adoption of IFRS 16. As a result, the 
financial statement figures for 2019 will not be comparable with regard to the valuation of the rights of use 
and the corresponding lease liability. However, in the Report on Operations, the income statement and 
balance sheet figures affected by the standard have been restated – as at 1 January 2019 – to enable like-
for-like comparison. 
Upon first-time adoption, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has adopted some of the practical expedients provided 
for in the standard in paragraph C10 and following. In particular, contracts with a remaining lease term of 
12 months or less ("short term") have not been included. The Group has not made any provisions for 
onerous leases measured pursuant to IAS 37 and recognised in the Financial Statements as at 31 December 
2018. 
Also, after full adoption, the Group has also decided not to apply the new standard to contracts with a total 
lease term of 12 months or less and to contracts with a value of the underlying asset, when new, of €5,000 
or less ("low value"). In this case, the lease payments for these leases are recognised as an expense – in the 
same way as in the past – on a straight-line basis for the lease term or on another systematic basis if that 
basis is more representative of the pattern of the lesseeʼs benefit. 
With regard to the sale and leaseback agreements outstanding as at the date of first-time adoption, the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group has applied to the leases resulting from these transactions, and previously classified as 
operating leases according to IAS 17 requirements, the same transition model for the other lease contracts 
as required by the IFRS 16. 
A summary is provided below of some of the choices made by the Group regarding the treatment of leases 
on the lessee side, such as, for example, the contractual term, discount rate, and lease and non-lease 
components. 
Contractual term 
The lease term is determined by the non-cancellable period for which the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has the 
right to use the underlying asset, also considering: (i) the periods covered by the option to extend the lease, 
if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and (ii) the periods covered by the option to 
terminate the lease, if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise that option. 
At the transition date and at the commencement date of each contract entered into after 1 January 2019, 
each company of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has established the term of the lease, based on the facts and 
circumstances that exist at that date and that have an impact on the reasonable certainty of exercising the 
options included in the lease arrangements. 
With regard to the real estate leases, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has decided to consider only the first 
renewal period for all new contracts (and as at the FTA date) as reasonably certain, unless there are 
particular contractual clauses, facts or circumstances that suggest that additional renewals should be 
considered or that determine the end of the lease. 
On the basis of the characteristics of the Italian lease contracts and the provisions of Law 392/1978, in the 
event of the signing of a new lease contract with a contractual term of six years and the option to 
automatically renew the contract after six years for another six years, the total term of the lease will be at 
least twelve years. This general rule is superseded if there are new elements or specific situations within 
the contract. 
For the international companies, each Legal Entity will apply the general rule of considering a renewal in 
the first period, unless local regulations and business decisions lead to different choices. In the latter case, 
the company must assess the reasonable certainty of exercising the option, taking into account both the

--- Page 232 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 223 - 
47-41006023 
 
requirements of the Standard and the strategy regarding the real estate contracts, the general business plan 
and the local laws and customs. 
In line with the choice made for the real estate contracts, for the other types of leases, in which the contract 
includes a renewal clause, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has decided – for all the new contracts (and also at 
the FTA date) – to assess the reasonable certainty of exercising the option, taking into account both the 
requirements of the Standard and the strategy regarding the individual contracts. 
Discount rate 
With regard to the discount rate, based on the requirements of IFRS 16, the Group uses the implicit interest 
rate for each lease contract, when it is available. For leases from the lesseeʼs point of view, in some cases, 
for example for rental agreements, the implicit interest rate cannot always be readily determined without 
using estimates and assumptions (the lessee does not have enough information about the unguaranteed 
residual value of the leased asset). In these cases, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has developed a methodology 
for setting the incremental interest rate as an alternative to the implicit interest rate and has decided to adopt 
the Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) method. This is based on an unsecured and amortising rate curve, which 
envisages lease payments for the lease contract that are typically constant over the lease term, rather than a 
single payment upon maturity. The FTP method takes into account the creditworthiness of the lessee, the 
term of the lease, the Nature and quality of the collateral provided and the economic environment in which 
the transaction takes place and is therefore in line with the requirements of the standard. 
Lease and non-lease components 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group has also decided not to separate the service components from the lease 
components and to consequently recognise the entire contract as a lease, because the service components 
are not significant.

--- Page 233 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 224 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 31.12.2019 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2018. 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Assets  
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
9,745 
10,350 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
49,414 
42,115 
a) financial assets held for trading 
45,152 
38,806 
b) financial assets designated at fair value 
195 
208 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
4,067 
3,101 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
72,410 
60,469 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair value 
pursuant to IAS 39 
168,202 
149,546 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
467,815 
476,503 
a) due from banks 
49,027 
69,307 
b) loans to customers 
418,788 
407,196 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised 
cost pursuant to IAS 39 
612 
952 
Hedging derivatives 
3,029 
2,993 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
1,569 
124 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control 
1,240 
943 
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties 
28 
20 
Property and equipment 
8,878 
7,372 
Intangible assets 
9,211 
9,141 
of which: 
 
 
- goodwill 
4,055 
4,227 
Tax assets 
15,467 
17,258 
a) current 
1,716 
3,320 
b) deferred 
13,751 
13,938 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
494 
1,297 
Other assets 
7,988 
8,707 
 
Total Assets 
816,102 
 
787,790

--- Page 234 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 225 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 31.12.2019 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2018. 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity  
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
519,382 
513,942 
a) due to banks 
103,324 
107,982 
b) due to customers 
331,181 
323,900 
c) securities issued 
84,877 
82,060 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at 
amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39  
826 
810 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
45,226 
41,895 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
4 
4 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair 
value pursuant to IAS 39  
75,935 
67,800 
Hedging derivatives 
9,288 
7,221 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
527 
398 
Tax liabilities 
2,321 
2,391 
a) current 
455 
163 
b) deferred 
1,866 
2,228 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operations 
41 
258 
Other liabilities 
12,070 
11,670 
Employee termination indemnities 
1,134 
1,190 
Allowances for risks and charges 
3,997 
5,064 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
482 
510 
b) post-employment benefits 
232 
261 
c) other allowances for risks and charges 
3,283 
4,293 
Technical reserves 
89,136 
80,797 
Valuation reserves 
-157 
-913 
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies 
504 
9 
Redeemable shares 
-  
-  
Equity instruments 
4,103 
4,103 
Reserves 
13,279 
13,006 
Share premium reserve 
25,075 
24,768 
Share capital 
9,086 
9,085 
Treasury shares (-) 
-104 
-84 
Minority interests (+/-) 
247 
326 
Net income (loss) (+/-) 
4,182 
4,050 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
816,102 
787,790

--- Page 235 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 226 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2018. 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
 
 
 
Interest and similar income 
10,193 
10,486 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate 
method 
 
10,565 
 
10,814 
Interest and similar expense 
-3,269 
-3,144 
Interest margin 
6,924  
7,342 
Fee and commission income 
9,658 
9,548 
Fee and commission expense 
-2,159 
-2,023 
Net fee and commission income 
7,499 
7,525 
Dividend and similar income 
117 
94 
Profits (Losses) on trading 
506 
445 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
-61 
-111 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
1,385 
549 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
97 
-19 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
1,218 
508 
c) financial liabilities 
70 
60 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
123 
298 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
-103 
28 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
226 
270 
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance 
companies pursuant to IAS 39 
3,991 
3,240 
Net interest and other banking income 
20,484 
19,382 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risks associated with: 
-2,201 
-2,509 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
-2,175 
-2,507 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
-26 
-2 
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to 
IAS39 
-9 
-26 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-6 
-11 
Net income from banking activities 
18,268 
16,836 
Net insurance premiums 
10,147 
8,180 
Other net insurance income (expense) 
-12,673 
-9,968 
Net income from banking and insurance activities 
15,742 
15,048 
Administrative expenses: 
-9,692 
-10,000 
a) personnel expenses 
-5,825 
-5,931 
b) other administrative expenses 
-3,867 
-4,069 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
-73 
-35 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
23 
88 
b) other net provisions 
-96 
-123 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment 
-523 
-383 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets 
-692 
-596 
Other operating expenses (income) 
774 
733 
Operating expenses 
-10,206 
-10,281  
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to 
joint control 
53 
 
177 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets 
measured at fair value  
-13 
-9 
Goodwill impairment 
-  
-

--- Page 236 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 227 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments 
96 
452 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations 
5,672 
5,387 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
-1,564 
-1,363 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations 
4,108 
4,024 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations 
64 
48 
Net income (loss) 
4,172 
4,072 
Minority interests 
10 
-22 
Parent Company's net income (loss) 
4,182 
4,050 
Basic EPS - Euro 
0.24 
0.24 
Diluted EPS - Euro 
0.24 
0.24

--- Page 237 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 228 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30.06.2020 
 
30.06.2020 
31.12.2019 
 
Unaudited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Assets 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................................. 
7,784 
9,745 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ....................... 
60,838 
49,414 
a) financial assets held for trading ................................................................ 
56,272 
45,152 
b) financial assets designated at fair value ................................................... 
51 
195 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value ....................... 
4,515 
4,067 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ........................................................................................................... 
73,778 
72,410 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair value 
pursuant to IAS 39 ......................................................................................... 
165,342 
168,202 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .................................................. 
497,653 
467,815 
a) due from banks .......................................................................................... 
63,459 
49,027 
b) loans to customers ..................................................................................... 
434,194 
418,788 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised 
cost pursuant to IAS 39 ................................................................................. 
735 
612 
Hedging derivatives ....................................................................................... 
4,210 
3,029 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) .................... 
2,565 
1,569 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ................. 
1,462 
1,240 
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties ............................. 
65 
28 
Property and equipment ................................................................................ 
8,663 
8,878 
Intangible assets ............................................................................................ 
8,394 
9,211 
of which ......................................................................................................... 
 
 
- goodwill ...................................................................................................... 
4,182 
4,055 
Tax assets ...................................................................................................... 
15,805 
15,467 
a) current ....................................................................................................... 
2,139 
1,716 
b) deferred ..................................................................................................... 
13,666 
13,751 
 
 
 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations ....................... 
2,593 
494 
Other assets ................................................................................................... 
8,761 
7,988 
 
 
 
Total Assets .................................................................................................. 
858,648 
816,102

--- Page 238 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 229 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30.06.2020 
 
30.06.2020 
31.12.2019 
 
Unaudited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ...........................................  
536,565 
519,382 
a) due to banks .............................................................................................  
108,606 
103,324 
b) due to customers ......................................................................................  
349,842 
331,181 
c) securities issued .......................................................................................  
78,117 
84,877 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at 
amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39................................................................  
1,779 
826 
Financial liabilities held for trading .............................................................  
55,132 
45,226 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value .................................................  
2,060 
4 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair 
value pursuant to IAS 39 ..............................................................................  
72,860 
75,935 
Hedging derivatives ......................................................................................  
12,625 
9,288 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) .............  
776 
527 
Tax liabilities ................................................................................................  
2,204 
2,321 
a) current ......................................................................................................  
350 
455 
b) deferred ....................................................................................................  
1,854 
1,866 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operations ................................................................................  
2,381 
41 
Other liabilities .............................................................................................  
18,949 
12,070 
Employee termination indemnities ...............................................................  
1,073 
1,134 
Allowances for risks and charges .................................................................  
3,491 
3,997 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
517 
482 
b) post employment benefits .........................................................................  
225 
232 
c) other allowances for risks and charges ....................................................  
2,749 
3,283 
Technical reserves ........................................................................................  
89,950 
89,136 
Valuation reserves ........................................................................................  
-1,441 
-157 
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies .................................  
403 
504 
Redeemable shares .......................................................................................  
-  
-  
Equity instruments ........................................................................................  
5,549 
4,103 
Reserves .......................................................................................................  
17,428 
13,279 
Share premium reserve .................................................................................  
25,078 
25,075 
Share capital .................................................................................................  
9,086 
9,086 
Treasury shares (-) ........................................................................................  
-87 
-104 
Minority interests (+/-) .................................................................................  
221 
247 
Net income (loss) (+/-) .................................................................................  
2,566 
4,182 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity ..............................................  
858,648 
816,102

--- Page 239 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 230 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30.06.2020 
The half-yearly financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2019. 
 
First six 
months of 
2020 
First six 
months of 
2019 
 
Unaudited 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Interest and similar income .......................................................................... 
4,747 
5,141 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate 
method .......................................................................................................... 
4,928 
5,309 
Interest and similar expense ......................................................................... 
-1,272 
-1,661 
Interest margin ........................................................................................... 
3,475 
3,480 
Fee and commission income ........................................................................ 
4,507 
4,605 
Fee and commission expense ....................................................................... 
-1,083 
-1,011 
Net fee and commission income................................................................. 
3,424 
3,594 
Dividend and similar income ....................................................................... 
60 
81 
Profits (Losses) on trading ........................................................................... 
305 
319 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting ................................................. 
-12 
-39 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of ............................................... 
798 
814 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost ............................................ 
-29 
90 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income .......................................................................................................... 
620 
628 
c) financial liabilities ................................................................................... 
207 
96 
 
 
 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss .......................................................................... 
109 
15 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value ........................... 
141 
-70 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value ...................... 
-32 
85 
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance 
companies pursuant to IAS 39 ...................................................................... 
1,413 
2,009 
Net interest and other banking income .................................................... 
9,572 
10,273 
Net losses / recoveries for credit risks associated with: ............................... 
-1,718 
-1,005 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost ............................................ 
-1,697 
-990 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income .......................................................................................................... 
-21 
-15 
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to 
IAS39 ........................................................................................................... 
-35 
-4 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-8 
-2 
Net income from banking activities .......................................................... 
7,811 
9,262 
Net insurance premiums ............................................................................... 
4,461 
4,763 
Other net insurance income (expense) ......................................................... 
-5,077 
-6,086 
Net income from banking and insurance activities ................................. 
7,195 
7,939 
Administrative expenses............................................................................... 
-4,685 
-4,746 
a) personnel expenses ................................................................................... 
-2,743 
-2,830 
b) other administrative expenses .................................................................. 
-1,942 
1,916 
Net provisions for risks and charges ............................................................ 
-101 
-2 
a) commitments and guarantees given ......................................................... 
-39 
39 
b) other net provisions 
-62 
-41 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment ......................... 
-256 
-259 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets .................................... 
-365 
-324 
Other operating expenses (income) .............................................................. 
331 
420 
Operating expenses .................................................................................... 
-5,076 
-4,911 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to 
joint control .................................................................................................. 
-33 
27

--- Page 240 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 231 - 
47-41006023 
 
 
First six 
months of 
2020 
First six 
months of 
2019 
 
Unaudited 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets 
measured at fair value .................................................................................. 
-  
-  
Goodwill impairment ................................................................................... 
-  
-  
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments ................................................. 
5 
1 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations ............................ 
2,091 
3,056 
Taxes on income from continuing operations .............................................. 
-668 
-821 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations ............................... 
1,423 
2,235 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations ................................. 
1,136 
30 
Net income (loss) ......................................................................................... 
2,559 
2,265 
Minority interests ......................................................................................... 
7 
1 
Parent Company's net income (loss) ......................................................... 
2,566 
2,266 
Basic EPS – Euro ........................................................................................ 
0.15 
0.13 
Diluted EPS – Euro .................................................................................... 
0.15 
0.13

--- Page 241 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 232 - 
47-41006023 
 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
History and Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. ("INSPIRE") is a public limited company and a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. INSPIRE was incorporated in Ireland on 22 September 1987 under 
the Irish Companies Acts, 1963 to 1986 (now the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended) under company 
registration number 125216. On 2 October 1998, INSPIRE was granted a banking licence by the Central 
Bank of Ireland under section 9 of the Irish Central Bank Act 1971 which, in accordance with the SSM is, 
with effect from 4 November 2014, deemed to be an authorisation granted by the ECB under the SSM 
Regulation. 
Given the classification of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as a significant supervised group within the meaning 
of the SSM Framework Regulation (see Risk Factors – ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism), INSPIRE has 
been classified as a significant supervised entity within the meaning of the SSM Framework Regulation 
and, as such, is subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions conferred on 
the ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland, as 
Ireland's national competent authority for the purposes of the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework 
Regulation, continues to be responsible, in respect of INSPIRE, for supervisory functions not conferred on 
the ECB. See also Risk Factors - ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism. 
INSPIRE is a subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo and is therefore part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
INSPIRE's registered office is located at 2nd Floor, International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC, 
Dublin 1, D01 K8F1, Ireland (tel: +353 1 672 6735). 
INSPIRE's website is http://www.intesasanpaolobankireland.ie/. The information on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
Activities 
As a licensed bank, the principal areas of business of INSPIRE include: 
− 
International lending to corporate and credit institutions on a bilateral or syndicated basis; 
− 
Management of a portfolio of securities held for liquidity purposes; 
− 
Treasury activities; 
− 
Intra-group lending; and 
− 
Issuance of guarantees and transaction services. 
INSPIRE operates in a number of countries and its credit exposures are widely diversified geographically, 
with an emphasis on Europe. Based on total assets as at 31 December 2018, INSPIRE is ranked the 31st 
largest financial company in Ireland17. 
Board of Directors 
The current composition of the Board of Directors of INSPIRE is as follows: 
Name 
Principal Activities outside INSPIRE 
 
 
Roberto Paolelli 
Managing Director and CEO of 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland plc 
None 
 
 
 
17 Source: The Irish Times Top 1,000 Companies, website, 2020.

--- Page 242 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 233 - 
47-41006023 
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside INSPIRE 
Richard Barkley 
Chairman 
Director of Tearfund Ireland 
 
Director of Dodderbank Management CLG 
 
 
Neil Copland 
Director of BNP Paribas Ireland Prime Brokerage International 
Ltd 
 
 
Andrea Faragalli Zenobi 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil S.A – Banco Multiplo 
 
Director of N.U.O. CAPITAL S.A. 
 
Member of Comitato di Investimento del Fondo Atlante SEED 
Indaco Venture Partners SGR 
 
Member of Istituto Ortopedico Galeazzi (Gruppo San Donato) 
 
Member of GSD Sistemi e Servizi 
Massimo Ciampolini 
None 
 
 
Daniela Migliasso 
None 
 
 
John Bowden 
None 
Francesco Introzzi 
Director of Lux Gest Asset Management S.A 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Brazil S.A. - Banco Multiplo 
Director of EXETRA SpA 
Member of the Audit Committee of Banca Intesa Russia 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors listed above is 2nd Floor, 
International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC, Dublin 1, D01 K8F1, Ireland. 
Conflicts of Interest 
INSPIRE is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Ireland p.l.c. of each of the members of the Board of Directors listed above and their respective private 
interests or other duties. 
Control 
INSPIRE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo. As such, INSPIRE is under the control of Intesa 
Sanpaolo. At the date of this Base Prospectus, other than as set out above in this paragraph, INSPIRE is not 
aware of any arrangement the operation of which may at a date subsequent to the date of this Base 
Prospectus result in a change in control of INSPIRE.

--- Page 243 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 234 - 
47-41006023 
 
No specific measures have been put in place by INSPIRE to ensure that Intesa Sanpaolo's control of 
INSPIRE is not abused. However, INSPIRE is regulated and supervised by the Central Bank of Ireland 
while the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to supervision on a consolidated basis under the CRD IV 
Package and three of INSPIRE's directors are not at the date of this Base Prospectus an employee of any 
member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (see "Board of Directors" above).

--- Page 244 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 235 - 
47-41006023 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO INTESA SANPAOLO 
BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
The following tables show balance sheet and income statement information of INSPIRE as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018. Such financial information is derived from, should be read in 
conjunction with and is qualified entirely by reference to the full audited unconsolidated annual financial 
statements of INSPIRE as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, together with the 
accompanying notes and auditors' report, all of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The half yearly financial information of INSPIRE as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2020 and 30 
June 2019 is not audited. Such financial information is derived from, should be read in conjunction with 
and is qualified entirely by reference to the full unaudited half-yearly financial statements as at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2020 which include comparative balance sheet and income statement figures as 
at 30 June 2019, and are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Section 340 ("Section 340") of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "2014 Act") and regulation 
3(1) ("Regulation 3(1)") of the European Union (Credit Institutions: Financial Statements) 
Regulations 2015 (the "2015 Regulations") 
This statement is included for the purpose of compliance with Section 340, as applied to INSPIRE by 
Regulation 3(1). The financial information in relation to any financial year, or half-year, of INSPIRE 
contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute statutory financial statements of INSPIRE. Statutory 
financial statements of INSPIRE have been prepared for the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019 and the statutory auditors to INSPIRE have given unqualified reports under, and in the 
form required by, applicable Irish law on such statutory financial statements which have been annexed to 
the relevant annual returns delivered to the Irish Registrar of Companies. Statutory financial statements of 
INSPIRE are not prepared for the financial half-years ended 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2020, the statutory 
auditors to INSPIRE have not reported on the financial information relating to those financial half-years 
and such financial information has not, and will not, be delivered to the Irish Registrar of Companies. The 
reason for preparing the financial information in the abbreviated form contained in this Base Prospectus is 
to provide to investors an immediate source of this limited financial information, and to enable a comparison 
to be drawn between that information as prepared for the different periods in respect of which it is set out. 
Terms used in this section and not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the 2014 Act, subject 
to the 2015 Regulations.

--- Page 245 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 236 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND p.l.c. 
ANNUAL BALANCE SHEETS 
 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
ASSETS 
 
 
Cash and balance with central banks ............................................................  
559,358 
63,084 
Financial assets at FVTOCI .........................................................................  
2,226,730 
2,025,589 
Available for sale investment .......................................................................  
- 
- 
Loans and advances to banks .......................................................................  
7,089,202 
6,069,454 
Loans and advances to customers.................................................................  
1,077,338 
573,750 
Derivative financial instruments...................................................................  
536,506 
471,419 
Property, plant and equipment ......................................................................  
929 
481 
Prepayments and accrued income ................................................................  
53 
269 
Deferred tax assets .......................................................................................  
1,283 
6,289 
Current tax ....................................................................................................  
866 
711 
Other assets ..................................................................................................  
774 
1,472 
Total assets ..................................................................................................  
11,493,039 
9,212,518 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Deposits from banks .....................................................................................  
736,079 
783,811 
Debt securities in issue .................................................................................  
7,795,517 
5,624,847 
Repurchase agreements ................................................................................  
32,391 
22,766 
Due to customers ..........................................................................................  
1,151,612 
1,124,924 
Derivative financial instruments...................................................................  
618,260 
520,421 
Accruals and deferred income ......................................................................  
903 
2,270 
Current tax ....................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Deferred tax liability ....................................................................................  
457 
135 
Provisions for liabilities and commitments ..................................................  
74 
70 
Other liabilities .............................................................................................  
3,305 
1,071 
Total liabilities ............................................................................................  
10,338,598 
8,080,315 
EQUITY 
 
 
Share capital .................................................................................................  
400,500 
400,500 
Share premium .............................................................................................  
1,025 
1,025 
FVTOCI reserve and other reserves .............................................................  
504,110 
467,843 
Retained earnings .........................................................................................  
248,806 
262,835 
Total equity .................................................................................................  
1,154,441 
1,132,203 
Total liabilities and shareholders' funds ..................................................  
11,493,039 
9,212,518

--- Page 246 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 237 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND p.l.c. 
ANNUAL INCOME STATEMENTS 
 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Interest and similar income ..........................................................................  
130,023 
142,207 
(Interest expense and similar charges) .........................................................  
(109,377) 
(111,602) 
Net interest income .....................................................................................  
20,646 
30,605 
Fees and commissions income .....................................................................  
5,490 
1,313 
(Fees and commissions expense)..................................................................  
(4,415) 
(4,816) 
Net trading income / (loss) ...........................................................................  
5,326 
12,373 
Dividend income ..........................................................................................  
10 
11 
Net loss from other instruments at FVPL 
0 
(14) 
Foreign exchange (loss) / profit ....................................................................  
(23) 
(113) 
Release / (charge) of provisions ...................................................................  
(1,482) 
2,406 
Net operating income .................................................................................  
25,552 
41,765 
(Administrative expenses and depreciation) .................................................  
(7,270) 
(7,100) 
(Single Resolution Fund Levy) ....................................................................  
(3,446) 
(3,558) 
Operating profit/profit on ordinary activities before tax-continuing 
activities .......................................................................................................  
 
14,836 
31,107 
(Tax on profit on ordinary activities) ...........................................................  
1,865 
(3,903) 
Profit for the financial year .......................................................................  
12,971 
27,204

--- Page 247 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 238 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND p.l.c. 
HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEETS 
 
30.06.2020 
Unaudited 
30.06.2019 
Unaudited 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities - FVTOCI ....................................................................................  
2,430,863 
2,382,257 
 
 
 
Bank deposits ...............................................................................................  
874,792 
629,584 
Loans advanced ............................................................................................  
6,551,911 
8,181,538 
Fixed assets ..................................................................................................  
763 
1,100 
Corporation tax receivable and deferred tax .................................................  
3,563 
6,397 
Accrued interest receivable ..........................................................................  
193 
123 
Sundry debtors and deferred expenses .........................................................  
1,733 
862 
Derivative financial instruments...................................................................  
573,141 
545,887 
Total assets ..................................................................................................  
10,436,959 
11,747,748 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Funds received .............................................................................................  
2,378,010 
2,180,763 
Debt securities in issue .................................................................................  
6,228,176 
7,786,351 
Corporation tax payable and deferred tax .....................................................  
265 
611 
Accruals & deferred income .........................................................................  
4,245 
2,869 
Derivative financial instruments...................................................................  
681,857 
651,271 
Provisions for liabilities and commitments ..................................................  
298 
57 
Total liabilities ............................................................................................  
9,292,853 
10,621,922 
EQUITY 
 
 
Share capital .................................................................................................  
400,500 
400,500 
Share premium .............................................................................................  
1,025 
1,025 
FVTOCI reserve and other reserves .............................................................  
485,852 
479,084 
Retained earnings .........................................................................................  
256,729 
245,216 
Total equity .................................................................................................  
1,144,106 
1,125,826 
Total liabilities and shareholders' funds ..................................................  
10,436,959 
11,747,748

--- Page 248 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 239 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND p.l.c. 
HALF YEARLY INCOME STATEMENTS 
 
30.06.2020 
Unaudited 
30.06.2019 
Unaudited 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Interest and similar income ........................................................................ 
64,972 
64,109 
(Interest expense and similar charges) ....................................................... 
(54,431) 
(53,095) 
Net interest income ................................................................................... 
10,541 
11,014 
Net fees....................................................................................................... 
2,720 
1,041 
Other profit / (loss) ..................................................................................... 
639 
(177) 
Exchange gain / (loss) ................................................................................ 
(97) 
(33) 
Net operating income ............................................................................... 
13,803 
11,845 
(Administrative expenses) .......................................................................... 
(3,742) 
(3,438) 
(Single Resolution Fund Levy) .................................................................. 
(2,781) 
(3,446) 
Release / (Charge) of impairment provisions ............................................. 
(4,692) 
(717) 
Net profit before tax ................................................................................. 
2,589 
4,244 
(Tax on profit on ordinary activities) ......................................................... 
(339) 
(536) 
Profit after tax .......................................................................................... 
2,250 
3,708

--- Page 249 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 240 - 
47-41006023 
 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
History and Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. ("Intesa Luxembourg") is a Société Anonyme ("S.A."), originally 
incorporated under the name Société Européenne de Banque S.A.. By a decision taken at an extraordinary 
shareholders meeting held on 5 October 2015, the legal name of the bank was changed from Société 
Européenne de Banque S.A. to Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A.. 
Intesa Luxembourg was incorporated in Luxembourg on 2 June 1976 under Luxembourg law, notably the 
law of 10 August 1915, as amended. Intesa Luxembourg holds a banking licence pursuant to Luxembourg 
law issued on 19 May 1976 under number 23906 by the Ministère des Classes Moyennes. 
In the context of successive group consolidations having taken place, with effect from 1 January 2002, 
Intesa Luxembourg incorporated all assets and liabilities of Banca Intesa International S.A., Luxembourg. 
With effect from 7 July 2008, Intesa Luxembourg incorporated the non-investment fund assets and 
liabilities of Sanpaolo Bank S.A., Luxembourg. 
At 31 December 2019, authorised, issued and fully paid capital stood at €1,389,370,555.36. Total equity, 
including issued share capital and reserves in the standalone annual statement, stood at €2,412,791,829. 
With effect on 1 February 2016, the activities of the former Amsterdam branch of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
were transferred to a newly created branch of Intesa Luxembourg situated in Amsterdam. The transfer was 
in kind against the issue of 13,750 new shares directly to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. consisting of €4,279,308.01 
to share capital and €7,720,691.99 to share premium. 
On 22 September 2016, Intesa Luxembourg's capital was increased from €539,370,828.01 to 
€989,370,720.28, the increase being fully subscribed by Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International S.A., a 
company wholly controlled by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., and authorised capital has been established at 
€1,389,370,555.36. 
In August 2017, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. sold its 0.4325 % holding of Intesa Luxembourg's share capital to 
Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International S.A.. 
On 25 October 2017, Intesa Luxembourg's capital was further increased from €989,370,720.28 to 
€1,389,370,555.36, the increase being fully subscribed by Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International S.A., 
which remains the sole direct shareholder. 
As indicated above, Intesa Luxembourg is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo Holding 
International S.A. which is in turn wholly owned by Intesa Sanpaolo. As such, Intesa Luxembourg is under 
the control of Intesa Sanpaolo. At the date of this Base Prospectus, other than as set out herein, Intesa 
Luxembourg is not aware of any arrangement the operation of which may at a date subsequent to the date 
of this Base Prospectus result in a change in control of Intesa Luxembourg. 
No specific measures have been put in place by Intesa Luxembourg to ensure that Intesa Sanpaolo's control 
of Intesa Luxembourg is not abused. However, Intesa Luxembourg is regulated and supervised by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to supervision 
on a consolidated basis under the CRD IV Package and one of Intesa Luxembourg's directors are not at the 
date of this Base Prospectus employees of any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (see "Board of 
Directors" below). 
Intesa Luxembourg is registered with the Register of Commerce and Companies (Registre de Commerce et 
des Sociétés) in Luxembourg under registration number B13859. 
Its registered office is located at 19-21 Boulevard Prince Henri, L-1724 Luxembourg (tel: + 352 461411354 
/1388). 
Intesa Luxembourg's website is https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/en/. The information on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 250 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 241 - 
47-41006023 
 
Activities 
As a licensed bank, the principal areas of business of Intesa Luxembourg include: 
− 
Private banking and wealth management; 
− 
Corporate banking; 
− 
International lending to corporate and credit institutions on a bilateral or syndicated basis; 
− 
Management of a portfolio of securities held for liquidity purposes; and 
− 
Treasury activities. 
Intesa Luxembourg's credit exposures are widely diversified geographically, with however an emphasis on 
Europe, and more particularly on Italy and Italian related risks. Based on total assets as at 31 December 
2019, Intesa Luxembourg is ranked the seventh largest bank in Luxembourg (Source: KPMG - 
Luxemburger Wort, Classement des Banques 2020). 
As at 31 December 2019, Intesa Luxembourg had 173 employees. 
Board of Directors 
The current composition of the Board of Directors of Intesa Luxembourg is as follows: 
Name and Title  
Principal Activities outside Intesa Luxembourg 
Frédéric Genet 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Board of Banque Havilland 
Director of Edify S.A. 
Director of Paravranches S.A. 
Director of SB Partners SIF SICAV S.A. 
Director of International Bankers Club 
Manager of FRGconsulting 
Manager of GéVin Finances 
Member of the investment committee of LLC RE 
Board Member and audit and compliance 
committee member of ICBC (Europe) 
Massimo Torchiana 
CEO 
Chairman of Lux Gest Asset Management S.A. 
Director of Banca Intesa Russia 
Board Member of the ABBL 
Florence Reckinger-Taddei 
Member of the Board of Directors and Vice 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Intesa 
Sanpaolo Holding International S.A. 
 
Member of the audit committee of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Holding International S.A. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Red Cross

--- Page 251 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 242 - 
47-41006023 
 
Name and Title  
Principal Activities outside Intesa Luxembourg 
Member of the Board of Directors of the Mudam 
Musée d'Art Moderne du Luxembourg 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
Association of Art and History Museums 
Luxembourg asbl 
 
President of the Board of Directors of Foundation 
of Friends of Luxembourg Museums of Art and 
History 
 
President of the Board of Directors of Let'Z Arles, 
asbl 
 
Member of the Board of Fonds de dotation des 
rencontres d'Arles 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Edward 
Steichen Awards Luxembourg asbl 
Marco Antonio Bertotti 
Executive Director deputy Head of Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. Treasury Division 
Christian Schaack 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International 
S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board and member of 
the audit committee of Vseobecna Uverova Banka 
VUB a.s. 
Director and Chairman of the risk committee of 
BIL, Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
Director of Macaria Tinena SL 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Servitia S.A. 
Chairman of Atoz Foundation 
Director of Internaxx Bank 
S.A. (Online 
Brokerage Bank) 
Andrea Faragalli Zenobi 
Member of the Board of Directors of Intesa 
Sanpaolo Brasil S.A. - Banco Múltiplo 
Member of the Board of Directors of Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 
Member of the Board of Directors of N.U.O. 
CAPITAL S.A. 
Member of the Comitato di Investimento del 
Fondo Atlante SEED Indicato Venture tners Sgr 
Member of the Board of Istituto Ortopedico 
Galeazzi (Gruppo San Donato)

--- Page 252 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 243 - 
47-41006023 
 
Name and Title  
Principal Activities outside Intesa Luxembourg 
Paul Helminger 
Director of Eurizon Capital S.A. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo House Immo S.A. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Real Estate S.A. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Immobiliere S.A. 
Director of Immobel Luxembourg S.A. 
Director of Brasserie Nationale Bofferding S.A. 
Director of SnapSwap International S.A. 
Director of Eurizon Alternative SICAV 
Adriana Saitta 
General Manager of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Paris 
Branch 
Gianluca Cugno 
Director of Banca Intesa Russia 
Director of Banca IMI Securities Corporation 
Head of International Department CIB of Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Richard Zatta 
Head of Global Corporate Department of Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors listed above is 19-21 Boulevard Prince 
Henri, L-1724 Luxembourg, except for Andrea Faragalli Zenobi whose business address is 6 Piazza Della 
Scala, 20121 Milano, Italy, Frédéric Genet whose business address is 22 Montée de la Pétrusse, L-2327 
Luxembourg and Paul Helminger whose business address is 55 rue Michel Rodange, L-2430 Luxembourg. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Intesa Luxembourg is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Intesa 
Luxembourg of each of the members of the Board of Directors listed above and their private interests or 
other duties.

--- Page 253 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 244 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
OVERVIEW OF THE ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2019 
 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
Assets 
(in thousands of 
€) 
(in thousands of 
€) 
Cash and cash balances with central banks 
726,383 
109,032 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss ("FVTPL") 
 
 
Financial assets held for trading 
30,193 
48,445 
Financial assets designated at fair value 
- 
10,365 
Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
614 
790 
 
30,807 
59,600 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ("FVTOCI") 
 
2,265,366 
2,351,171 
Loans and advances 
 
 
Loans and advances to credit institutions 
8,558,435 
7,991,993 
Loans and advances to customers 
10,586,895 
10,390,346 
 
19,145,330 
18,382,339 
Derivatives held for hedging 
2,112 
210 
Tangible fixed assets 
4,609 
782 
Intangible assets 
- 
2 
Current tax assets 
8,969 
6,202 
Deferred tax assets 
5,755 
22,976 
Other assets 
35,639 
25,473 
Total assets 
22,224,970 
20,957,787

--- Page 254 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 245 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
OVERVIEW OF THE ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2019 
 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
Liabilities 
(in thousands of 
€) 
(in thousands of 
€) 
Deposits from central banks 
809,894 
812,488 
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit 
or loss ("FVTPL") 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
80,701 
67,343 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
- 
10,241 
 
80,701 
77,584 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ("AC") 
 
 
Deposits from credit institutions 
2,874,862 
1,072,688 
Deposits from customers 
3,164,036 
6,295,783 
Debts evidenced by certificates 
12,730,158 
10,183,438 
 
18,769,056 
17,551,909 
Derivatives held for hedging 
98,242 
69,044 
Provisions 
4,378 
3,059 
Current tax liabilities 
6,760 
9,175 
Deferred tax liabilities 
3,525 
3,177 
Other liabilities 
39,622 
49,129 
Total liabilities 
19,812,178 
18,575,565 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
1,389,371 
1,389,371 
Share premium 
7,721 
7,721 
Revaluation reserve 
(5,171) 
(40,545) 
Other reserves and retained earnings 
926,788 
921,678 
Net profit for the year 
94,083 
103,997 
Total equity 
2,412,792 
2,382,222 
Total liabilities and equity 
22,224,970 
20,957,787

--- Page 255 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 246 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
Audited 
Audited 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS: 
(in thousands of 
€) 
(in thousands of 
€) 
Interest income 
277,649 
274,874 
Interest expenses 
(123,568) 
(131,862) 
Net interest income 
154,081 
143,012 
Fee and commission income 
95,055 
74,600 
Fee and commission expenses 
(59,705) 
(32,064) 
Net fee and commission income 
35,350 
42,536 
Dividend income 
51 
672 
Net (un)realised losses on financial assets and liabilities 
held for trading 
(39,048) 
(60,293) 
Net unrealised gains on financial assets and liabilities held 
for hedging 
(157) 
148 
Net (un)realised gains/(losses) on financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
45 
98 
Net realised gains on financial assets and liabilities not at 
fair value through profit or loss 
5,256 
25,205 
Other income 
2,920 
7,564 
Other expenses 
(4,586) 
(10,420) 
Net other expenses 
(1,666) 
(2,856) 
Administrative expenses 
(43,204) 
(38,841) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(2,236) 
(961) 
Provisions 
(1,172) 
179 
Net impairment result on financial assets 
(6,591) 
(2,617) 
Tax (expense) income related to profit from continuing 
operations 
(6,626) 
(2,285) 
Net Profit for the Year 
94,083 
103,997

--- Page 256 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 247 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019 
 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
 
(in thousands of 
€) 
(in thousands of 
€) 
Net profit for the year 
94,083 
103,997 
Other comprehensive income: 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
Tangible assets 
- 
(24,513) 
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified 
- 
6,638 
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
Net change in fair value on financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income and expected credit 
losses 
47,907 
(58,424) 
Deferred tax relating to the components of other 
comprehensive income 
(12,533) 
15,198 
Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year, net of 
tax 
35,374 
(61,101) 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
129,457 
42,896

--- Page 257 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 248 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2019 
 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
Assets 
(in thousands of 
€) 
(in thousands of 
€) 
Cash and cash balances with central banks 
726,383 
109,032 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss ("FVTPL") 
 
 
Financial assets held for trading 
30,193 
48,445 
Financial assets designated at fair value 
- 
10,365 
Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
614 
790 
 
30,807 
59,600 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ("FVTOCI") 
2,265,214 
2,350,959 
Loans and advances 
 
 
Loans and advances to credit institutions 
8,558,435 
7,991,993 
Loans and advances to customers 
10,586,885 
10,390,346 
 
19,145,320 
18,382,339 
 
Derivatives held for hedging 
2,112 
210 
Tangible fixed assets 
4,610 
782 
Intangible assets 
12 
14 
Current tax assets 
8,969 
6,202 
Deferred tax assets 
5,755 
22,976 
Other assets 
36,598 
25,872 
Total Assets 
22,225,780 
20,957,986

--- Page 258 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 249 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2019 
 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
 
(in thousands of 
€) 
(in thousands of 
€) 
Liabilities 
 
 
Deposits from central banks 
809,894 
812,488 
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit 
or loss ("FVTPL") 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
80,701 
67,343 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
- 
10,241 
 
80,701 
77,584 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ("AC") 
 
 
Deposits from credit institutions 
2,874,862 
1,072,650 
Deposits from customers 
3,163,596 
6,295,199 
Debts evidenced by certificates 
12,730,158 
10,183,438 
 
18,768,616 
17,551,287 
Derivatives held for hedging 
98,242 
69,044 
Provisions 
4,451 
3,347 
Current tax liabilities 
6,760 
9,175 
Deferred tax liabilities 
3,525 
3,177 
Other liabilities 
40,540 
49,413 
Total liabilities 
19,812,729 
18,575,515 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
1,389,371 
1,389,371 
Share premium 
7,721 
7,721 
Revaluation reserve 
(5,169) 
(40,545) 
Other reserves and retained earnings 
927,037 
922,423 
Net profit for the year 
94,091 
103,501 
Total equity 
2,413,051 
2,382,471 
Total Liabilities and Equity 
22,225,780 
20,957,986

--- Page 259 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 250 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
Audited 
Audited 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS: 
(in thousands of 
€) 
(in thousands of 
€) 
Interest income 
277,656 
274,880 
Interest expenses 
(123,567) 
(131,862) 
Net interest income 
154,089 
143,018 
Fee and commission income 
101,622 
78,001 
Fee and commission expenses 
(65,331) 
(34,385) 
Net fee and commission income 
36,291 
43,616 
Dividend income 
51 
52 
Net (un)realised losses on financial assets and liabilities 
held for trading 
(39,048) 
(60,293) 
Net unrealised gains on financial assets and liabilities held 
for hedging 
(157) 
148 
Net (un)realised gains/(losses) on financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
45 
98 
Net realised gains on financial assets and liabilities not at 
fair value through profit or loss 
5,256 
25,205 
Other income 
3,179 
7,972 
Other expenses 
(4,541) 
(10,322) 
Net other expenses 
(1,362) 
(2,350) 
Administrative expenses 
(44,428) 
(40,272) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(2,243) 
(960) 
Provisions 
(1,172) 
179 
Net impairment result on financial assets 
(6,591) 
(2,616) 
Tax (expense) income related to profit from continuing 
operations 
(6,640) 
(2,324) 
Net Profit for the Year 
94,091 
103,501

--- Page 260 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 251 - 
47-41006023 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A.  
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019 
 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
 
(in thousands of 
€) 
(in thousands of 
€) 
Net profit for the year 
94,091 
103,501 
Other comprehensive income: 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
Tangible assets 
- 
(24,513) 
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified 
- 
6,638 
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
Net change in fair value on financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income and expected credit 
losses 
47,910 
(58,424) 
Deferred tax relating to the components of other 
comprehensive income 
(12,533) 
15,198 
Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year, net of 
tax 
35,377 
(61,101) 
 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
129,468 
42,400 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
Equity holders of the Bank 
129,468 
42,400 
Non-controlling interests 
- 
-

--- Page 261 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 252 - 
47-41006023 
 
TAXATION 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made 
on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, 
some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes. This summary is based upon the laws and/or practice in 
force as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Italian tax laws and interpretations may be subject to frequent 
changes which could be made on a retroactive basis. 
Taxation of the Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended ("Decree No. 239") sets out 
the applicable tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") deriving from 
notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by Italian banks. 
The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to notes issued by the Issuer to the extent that they qualify as 
bonds or debentures similar to bonds pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 
1986, as amended and supplemented. For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an 
amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not 
give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in 
connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from 
regulatory capital financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, 
inter alia, Italian banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments. 
Otherwise, Notes that do not qualify as debentures similar to bonds are characterized for Italian tax purposes 
as "atypical securities" and as such regulated by Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where the Italian resident holder of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that 
qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni, who is the beneficial owner of such Notes, is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership), or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
association; or 
(c) 
private or public institutions, other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale 
of the Notes). All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients" (unless they have entrusted the 
management of his financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for 
the so called "regime del risparmio gestito" (the "Asset Management Regime") according to Article 7 of 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended ("Decree No. 461")).

--- Page 262 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 253 - 
47-41006023 
 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (a) and (c) are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income tax. Interest 
will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian 
ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income 
tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect of 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni received by 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social 
security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 
of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as subsequently 
amended ("Law No. 232") and Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 
("Law No. 145") and in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 ("Law Decree No. 124"), 
each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio 
("SGRs"), stock brokers and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance 
("Intermediaries" and each an "Intermediary"). An intermediary must (i) be (a) resident in Italy, or (b) a 
permanent establishments in Italy of a non Italian resident Intermediary or (c) an entity or a company not 
resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected 
with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative 
for the purposes of Decree 239 and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as 
transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change of the Intermediary with 
which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Italian Intermediary (or 
with a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni are not subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners 
who are: (i) Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to 
which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial 
activities (società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice); (iii) Italian resident open-ended 
or closed-ended collective investment funds, investment companies with a variable capital ("SICAVs"), 
investment companies with fixed capital ("SICAFs"), (together the "Funds" and each a "Fund"), Italian 
resident pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"), 
Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital ("Real Estate SICAFs") and Italian resident 
real estate investment funds (together, the "Real Estate Funds"); and (iv) Italian resident holders of the 
Notes included in the abovementioned "net recipients" categories who have entrusted the management of 
their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised financial Intermediary and have opted for the 
Asset Management Regime. 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes 
without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated above under (i) to (iv) 
must: (a) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due 
time, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised 
Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary). Where the Notes and the 
relevant coupons are not deposited with an Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian 
Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. Gross recipients that 
are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the 
Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes shall be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain 
circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for purposes

--- Page 263 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 254 - 
47-41006023 
 
of regional tax on productive activities – "IRAP") of beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations 
or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected, 
subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian resident investors who have opted for the Asset Management Regime are subject to a 26 per cent. 
annual substitute tax (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset 
Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised Intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised 
intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation 
on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where a Noteholder is a Real Estate Fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 
2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative 
Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply. Interest accrued on the Notes will be subject neither 
to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund. The income of the 
Real Estate Fund is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of 
participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the 
units. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005), Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the 
holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of each tax period, to be subject to 20 per cent. substitute tax (the "Pension 
Fund Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which 
increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement), Interest in 
respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and 
Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145, and in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them 
as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that 
qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva at 
the rate of 26 per cent. if made to beneficial owners who are non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the 
Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected provided that: 
(a) 
such beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a state or territory which allows an adequate 
exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 
September 1996, as amended and supplemented by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017, and 
possibly further amended by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11 paragraph 4 (c) of Decree 
239 (the "White List"); and 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva 
are met or complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for payments of 
Interest in respect of the Notes made to (i) international entities and organisations established in accordance 
with international agreements ratified in Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in 
countries included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein; and (iii) 
Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State.

--- Page 264 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 255 - 
47-41006023 
 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, non-Italian resident investors indicated above must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly 
with an Italian resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
bank or SIM, or with a non-Italian resident operator participating in a centralised securities 
management system which is in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; 
and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository a statement (autocertificazione) in due time stating, inter alia, that 
he or she is resident, for tax purposes, in a White List State. Such statement (autocertificazione), 
which must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001 
(as amended and supplemented), is valid until withdrawn or revoked and need not be submitted 
where a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent uses was previously 
submitted to the same depository. The statement (autocertificazione) is not required for non-Italian 
resident investors that are international entities and organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified in Italy and Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, 
the official reserves of a foreign state. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interest payments to a non-resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a 
total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes. 
Taxation of Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Decree No. 239 regulates the tax treatment of interest, premiums and other income from notes issued, inter 
alia, by non-Italian resident entities. The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Interest from those 
Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg which qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917. 
Where the Italian resident holder of Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg that qualify as 
obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni, who is the beneficial owner of such Notes, is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
association; or 
(c) 
private or public institutions, other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation. 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale 
of the Notes). All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients" (unless they have entrusted the 
management of his financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for 
the Asset Management Regime). 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (a) and (c) are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income tax. Interest 
will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian

--- Page 265 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 256 - 
47-41006023 
 
ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income 
tax due. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by Italian Intermediaries or by 
permanent establishments in Italy of Intermediaries resident outside Italy. Italian Intermediaries (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediaries) must intervene in any way in the collection of 
Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of 
the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Intermediary (or with a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the Noteholders. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect of 
Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni received by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per 
cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and 
Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them 
as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg that qualify as 
obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni are not subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made 
to beneficial owners who are: (i) Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) Italian resident partnerships carrying 
out commercial activities (società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice); (iii) Funds, 
Italian resident pension funds referred to in Decree No. 252, Italian resident real estate investment funds; 
and (iv) Italian resident holders of the Notes included in the abovementioned "net recipients" categories 
who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised financial 
intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime. Such categories are qualified as "gross 
recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated above under (i) to (iv) must (a) be the beneficial owners of 
payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating 
to such Notes directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised Intermediary (or permanent establishment in 
Italy of foreign Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Italian 
authorised Intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediary), the imposta 
sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the Noteholder and gross 
recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations 
to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income 
taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes would be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain 
circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for purposes 
of regional tax on productive activities – IRAP) of beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations 
or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected, 
subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules, and such beneficial owners should be generally 
entitled to a tax credit for any withholding taxes applied outside Italy on Interest on Notes issued by 
INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg. 
Italian resident investors who have opted for the Asset Management Regime are subject to the 26 per cent. 
annual Asset Management Tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each 
tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset Management Tax is 
applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised 
intermediary. Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation

--- Page 266 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 257 - 
47-41006023 
 
on such result, but the Collective Investment Fund Tax at the relevant applicable rate may apply on 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where a Noteholder is Real Estate Fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 
2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative 
Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply, Interest accrued on the Notes will be subject neither 
to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund. The income of the 
Real Estate Fund is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of 
participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the 
units. 
Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Decree No. 252 are subject 
to the Pension Fund Tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year 
(which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect to 
the Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg may be excluded from the taxable base of the 
Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and in article 13-
bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Where Interest on Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg and beneficially owned by 
Noteholders qualifying as net recipients, as defined above, are not collected through the intervention of an 
Italian Intermediary and as such no imposta sostitutiva is applied, the Italian resident beneficial owners 
qualifying as net recipients will be required to declare Interest in their yearly income tax return and subject 
them to final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent., unless option for a different regime is allowed and made. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Interest payments relating to Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg and received by 
non-Italian resident beneficial owners are not subject to taxation in Italy. 
If Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg and beneficially owned by non-Italian residents are 
deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
Intermediary) or are sold through an Italian Intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
Intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident Intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
Intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Notes, to ensure payment of Interest without 
application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian 
bank or other intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or she is not resident in Italy for 
tax purposes. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where Intesa Sanpaolo issues a new Tranche forming 
part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject 
to imposta sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue 
price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from 
the issue date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche 
and that of the original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied 
by the number of years of the duration of the Notes. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) but qualify as atypical securities (titoli 
atipici) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, securities 
similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount 
not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any 
right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to 
which the securities were issued, nor to control the same.

--- Page 267 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 258 - 
47-41006023 
 
In the case of Notes issued by an Italian-resident issuer, where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar 
Italian commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
connected, (iv) an Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, the withholding tax is a final 
withholding tax. 
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer, the 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above 
does not apply to interest payments made to a non-Italian resident Noteholder and to an Italian resident 
Noteholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent 
establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership or (iii) a commercial private or public 
institution. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes not falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds 
(titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici ("atypical securities") pursuant to Article 5 of 
Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114 of Law 
No. 232 and Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, 
each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
For the sake of completeness it is worth pointing out that non-Italian resident Noteholders may be entitled 
to claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a reduction of such 26 per cent. withholding tax under the 
double taxation treaty (generally, to 10 per cent. or to the other applicable rates, if more favourable), if any, 
entered into by Italy and its country of residence, subject to timely filing of required documentation. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
There is no authority directly regarding the Italian tax regime of payments on Notes made by an Italian 
resident guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an 
alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not support 
such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments made by Intesa Sanpaolo as Guarantor under the Trust Deed in respect of Notes 
issued by Intesa Luxembourg or by INSPIRE, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any 
such payments may be subject to Italian withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or a 
provisional tax (a titolo d'imposta o a titolo di acconto) depending on the residential "status" of the 
Noteholder, pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973. In the case of payments to 
non-Italian residents, the withholding tax should be final and may be applied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or in certain cases, nil) rate 
applicable of the withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian residents. 
In that event, and in accordance with Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Guarantor should be treated, in 
certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and made subject to the tax treatment described 
above under "Taxation of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo" and "Taxation of Notes issued by INSPIRE or 
by Intesa Luxembourg". 
Capital Gains 
Notes Issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. capital gains tax (referred to as "imposta sostitutiva") is

--- Page 268 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 259 - 
47-41006023 
 
applicable to capital gains realised by: 
− 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo are connected; 
− 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
− 
an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities; 
or 
on any sale or transfer for consideration of the Notes or redemption thereof. 
Under the so called "regime della dichiarazione" ("Tax Declaration Regime"), which is the standard 
regime for taxation of capital gains, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, 
on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains net of any relevant incurred capital losses realised pursuant to all 
investment transactions carried out during any given fiscal year. The capital gains realised in a year net of 
any relevant incurred capital losses must be detailed in the relevant annual tax return to be filed with Italian 
tax authorities and imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such capital gains together with any balance income 
tax due for the relevant tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against 
capital gains of the same kind for up to the fourth subsequent fiscal year. 
Alternatively to the Tax Declaration Regime, the holders of the Notes who are: 
− 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are 
connected; 
− 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
− 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
may elect to pay imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or 
redemption of the Notes under the so called "regime del risparmio amministrato" (the "Administrative 
Savings Regime"). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being 
deposited with banks, SIMs and any other Italian qualified intermediary (or permanent establishment in 
Italy of foreign intermediary) and (ii) an express election for the Administrative Savings Regime being 
made in writing in due time by the relevant holder of the Notes. The intermediary is responsible for 
accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption 
of the Notes, as well as on capital gains realised as at revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred 
capital losses, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder 
of the Notes, deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to be credited to the holder of the Notes. 
Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, the intermediary is entitled to 
deduct such loss from gains of the same kind subsequently realised on assets held by the holder of the Notes 
within the same relationship of deposit in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the Administrative Savings Regime, the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the 
annual income tax return of the Noteholder and the Noteholder remains anonymous. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of a portfolio managed under the Asset Management Regime by an 
Italian asset management company or an authorised intermediary. The capital gains realised upon sale, 
transfer or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains 
but will contribute the determination of the annual accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, subject 
to the Asset Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed portfolio at the year-end may be carried 
forward against appreciation accrued in each of the following years up to the fourth. Also under the Asset 
Management Regime the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income tax return 
of the Noteholder and the Noteholder remains anonymous. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are connected, will be 
included in their business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net value of 
production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect 
of Notes realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in

--- Page 269 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 260 - 
47-41006023 
 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and Article 1, 
paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended 
and applicable from time to time. 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, capital gains on the Notes contribute to determine the increase in value 
of the managed assets of the Funds accrued at the end of each tax year. The Funds will not be subject to 
taxation on such increase, but the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of 
participation income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or the 
shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund subject to the regime provided 
for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252 will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period, and will be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject to certain limitations and 
conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement), capital gains realised in respect to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of 
Law No. 232 if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and Article 1, 
paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended 
and applicable from time to time. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may, in certain circumstances, be payable on any 
capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals and 
corporations without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the 
Notes are held in Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, any capital gains 
realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes are exempt from 
taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, and in certain 
cases subject to timely filing of required documentation (in the form of a declaration (autocertificazione) 
of non-residence in Italy) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless 
of the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non-Italian resident beneficial owners with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt from the 
imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration 
or redemption of the Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer if the Noteholders are resident, for 
tax purposes in a state or territory included in the White List. Under these circumstances, if non 
Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings 
Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time 
with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) 
stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. The same exemption applies where the 
beneficial owners of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer are (i) international entities or 
organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain 
foreign institutional investors established in countries which allow for an adequate exchange of 
information with Italy; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; and

--- Page 270 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 261 - 
47-41006023 
 
(b) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer are effectively connected that may benefit 
from a double taxation treaty with Italy, providing that capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains 
realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer are effectively connected elect for the Asset 
Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian 
capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they promptly file with the Italian authorised 
financial intermediary a self-declaration attesting that all the requirements for the application of 
the relevant double taxation treaty are met. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by 
non-Italian resident issuers are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Notes are held outside Italy. 
However, the same exemptions illustrated above apply to the benefit of non-Italian residents if capital gains 
on the Notes might become taxable due to the holding of the Notes in Italy. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted with amendments by Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006 effective from 29 November 2006, and Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006, the transfers 
of any valuable assets (including the Notes) as a result of death or donation (or other transfers for no 
consideration) and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the 
transfer is subject to tax on the value exceeding €1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to siblings; in this case, the transfer is subject to the tax on the 
value exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related by direct 
affinity as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third degree; and 
(d) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value exceeding 
€1,500,000. 
If the donee sells the Notes for consideration, having received the Notes as a gift, the donee is required to 
pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift has never taken place. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds are subject to 
registration tax only in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
According to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law Decree No. 227 of 4 August 
1990, as amended from time to time, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial 
partnerships and similar institutions are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly 
income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within 
the same time as prescribed for the income tax return): 
(a) 
the amount of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo held abroad during each tax year; and 
(b) 
the amount of Notes, issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg, held abroad during each tax 
year.

--- Page 271 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 262 - 
47-41006023 
 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, it is not necessary to comply with the above reporting requirement with respect to: (i) the 
Notes deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) the contracts entered 
into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been 
subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed of deposits 
and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which 
may be sent by a financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any financial product and instrument 
(including the Notes), which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty 
applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This 
stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value is available, on the basis 
of face value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on 
the basis of purchase value of the financial assets (including banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital 
adequacy financial instruments) held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which 
is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods 
of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 
2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises a banking, financial or insurance activity in any 
form within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals and, starting 
from fiscal year 2020, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions 
holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to declare in its 
own annual tax declaration and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent (IVAFE). The wealth tax cannot 
exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This tax is calculated on the market value at the 
end of the relevant year (or at the end of the holding period) or, if no market value figure is available, on 
the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, 
on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held abroad. A tax credit is granted for 
any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets. The financial assets held abroad are 
excluded from the scope of the wealth tax, if such financial assets are administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of income derived from the Notes 
have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
IRELAND TAXATION 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in Ireland in relation to the payments on the Notes 
is based on the taxation law and practice in force at the date of this document. It does not purport to be, 
and is not, a complete description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
subscribe for, buy, hold, sell, redeem or dispose of the Notes. The summary relates only to the position of 
persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and the interest on them. Prospective investors 
should consult their own professional advisers on the implications of subscribing for, buying, holding, 
selling, redeeming or disposing of Notes and the receipt of interest and distributions (whether or not on a 
winding-up) with respect to such Notes under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be liable to 
taxation. Prospective investors should be aware that the anticipated tax treatment in Ireland summarised 
below may change.

--- Page 272 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 263 - 
47-41006023 
 
Irish Withholding Tax on the Notes 
In general, withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. must be deducted from Irish source yearly interest 
payments made by a company. However no withholding for or on account of Irish income tax is required 
to be made from interest payments in respect of the Notes in a number of circumstances. 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg, as the case may be 
Payments of interest in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Intesa Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, will be made without deduction of withholding tax in circumstances where Intesa Sanpaolo, or Intesa 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, does not, in issuing the Notes or making the relevant payments: 
(a) 
operate out of Ireland; or 
(b) 
make the payments through a paying agent located in Ireland. 
Notes issued by INSPIRE having a maturity less than one year 
Payments of interest in respect of Notes issued may be made without deduction or withholding of tax where 
the maturity of the Notes is less than one year. 
Notes issued by INSPIRE having a maturity over one year 
Banking exemption 
The obligation to withhold tax does not apply to interest payments made by a bank such as INSPIRE in the 
ordinary course of a bona fide banking business in Ireland. 
Quoted Eurobond exemption 
Section 64 ("Section 64") of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, as amended (the "Taxes Act") provides 
for the payment of interest on a "quoted Eurobond" without a deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A 
quoted Eurobond is defined in Section 64 as a security which: 
(a) 
is issued by a company; 
(b) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (this term is not defined but is understood to mean an 
exchange which is recognised in the country in which it is established); and 
(c) 
carries a right to interest. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on quoted Eurobonds where: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and 
(i) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system within the meaning of section 
246A of the Taxes Act (a "Recognised Clearing System") (Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Monte Titoli S.p.A. have been designated as Recognised Clearing 
Systems); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially 
entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate written 
declaration in the prescribed format to this effect. 
The Revenue Commissioners of Ireland (the "Revenue Commissioners") have confirmed that definitive 
bearer Notes issued in exchange for interests in global Notes held within a Recognised Clearing System 
will continue to be regarded as held within a Recognised Clearing System for the purposes of (b)(i).

--- Page 273 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 264 - 
47-41006023 
 
Section 246(3)(h) of the Taxes Act 
The obligation to withhold tax does not apply in respect of, inter alia, interest payments made by a company 
such as INSPIRE in the ordinary course of a trade or business carried on by it to a company resident in a 
relevant territory under the laws of that relevant territory provided that either: 
(a) 
that relevant territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that relevant 
territory by companies from sources outside that relevant territory; or 
(b) 
the company is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under a double tax treaty in effect 
with Ireland or would be so exempted if a double tax treaty signed by Ireland was in effect. 
The interest must not relate to an Irish branch or agency of the recipient. A relevant territory for this purpose 
is a Member State of the European Union, other than Ireland, or not being such a Member State, a territory 
which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland. The jurisdictions with which Ireland has signed a double 
tax treaty are as follows: Albania, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and 
Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, 
Egypt, Estonia, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Ghana (not yet in effect), Greece, Hong 
Kong, Hungary, Iceland, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Republic of Korea, Kuwait, Latvia, 
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malaysia, Malta, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, Morocco, the 
Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Pakistan, Panama, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi 
Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, the Slovak Republic, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, 
Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, 
Uzbekistan, Vietnam and Zambia. 
Negotiations have concluded for new treaties with Azerbaijan, Kenya, Kosovo, Oman, Turkmenistan and 
Uruguay. 
Applicable Double Tax Treaty 
A requirement to operate Irish withholding tax on interest may be obviated or reduced pursuant to the terms 
of an applicable double tax treaty (see above) in effect. 
Discounts 
The Revenue Commissioners have confirmed that discounts arising on Notes will not be subject to Irish 
withholding tax. 
Dividend Withholding Tax 
In the case of the Notes, where the consideration given by INSPIRE for the use of the principal secured is 
dependent on the results of its business, interest payments made will be deemed to be a distribution as 
prescribed by Section 130 of the Taxes Act. Accordingly, dividend withholding tax may apply. 
Section 172D of the Taxes Act 
This section provides that the Irish law provisions whereby an Irish resident company must withhold tax 
(currently 25 per cent.) when it makes a relevant distribution shall not apply in certain circumstances. 
Provided the requisite declarations in the prescribed format, are in place, the following are included in the 
categories of shareholders exempted from the scope of dividend withholding tax: 
(a) 
a person who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and is a resident of a country 
which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty with (a "tax treaty country") or is a resident of an 
EU Member State (other than Ireland); 
(b) 
companies which are ultimately controlled by persons who are resident in another EU Member 
State or tax treaty country; 
(c) 
companies not resident in Ireland which are themselves resident in an EU Member State or tax 
treaty country and are not under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of Irish residents; and

--- Page 274 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 265 - 
47-41006023 
 
(d) 
a company, the principal class of whose shares are substantially and regularly traded on a stock 
exchange, in a tax treaty country or an EU Member State or on such other stock exchange as may 
be approved of by the Minister for Finance. 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax ("DIRT") 
No DIRT will be deductible in respect of Notes which are issued by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg 
provided that: 
(a) 
Intesa Sanpaolo or, as the case may be, Intesa Luxembourg is not resident in Ireland for corporation 
tax purposes; and 
(b) 
the relevant Notes are recorded in the books of Intesa Sanpaolo or, as the case may be, Intesa 
Luxembourg other than as a liability of a branch of Intesa Sanpaolo or, as the case may be, Intesa 
Luxembourg situate in Ireland. 
A relevant deposit taker (as defined by Section 256 of the Taxes Act) such as INSPIRE is obliged to 
withhold tax (at a rate of 33 per cent.) from certain interest payments or other returns. However there are 
certain exceptions to this as set out below. 
Insofar as the Notes constitute a debt on a security issued by INSPIRE and are listed on a stock exchange, 
DIRT shall not apply. 
Pursuant to section 246A of the Taxes Act, in respect of any Note that is not listed on any stock exchange 
and matures within two years or that is a certificate of deposit, DIRT will not apply where the Note is of 
the requisite denomination outlined in this Document and is held in a Recognised Clearing System. If the 
Note is not held in a Recognised Clearing System but is of the requisite minimum denomination outlined 
in this Document then provided that: 
(a) 
either: 
(i) 
the person by whom the payment is made; or 
(ii) 
the person through whom the payment is made, 
is resident in Ireland or the payment is made by or through an Irish branch or agency through which 
a company that is not resident in Ireland carries on a trade or business; and 
(b) 
 
(i) 
the person who is beneficially entitled to the interest is a resident of Ireland who has 
provided their tax reference number to the payer; or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Note and who is beneficially entitled to the 
interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form, 
then DIRT will not apply to the interest or returns thereon. 
The Revenue Commissioners agree that DIRT which would otherwise be applicable will not apply to 
interest or other returns paid in respect of unlisted notes (such as the Notes issued by INSPIRE) that do not 
mature within two years, subject to certain specified conditions which are set out in the selling restrictions 
or below. These conditions require that: 
(a) 
as far as primary sales of any Notes issued by INSPIRE are concerned, the dealers as a matter of 
contract undertake to the relevant Issuer that their action in any jurisdiction will comply with then 
applicable laws and regulations and that the dealers will also undertake as a matter of contract to 
the relevant Issuer that they will not knowingly make primary sales (or knowingly offer to do so, 
or distribute any material in that connection in Ireland) to any Irish residents or persons; 
(b) 
the Notes are cleared through a Recognised Clearing System (save that such Notes represented by 
definitive bearer Notes may be taken out of the Recognised Clearing System and cleared outside 
that system, it being acknowledged that definitive bearer Notes may be issued in exchange for 
interests in a Global Note held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in accordance with the

--- Page 275 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 266 - 
47-41006023 
 
terms of the Global Note) and, in the case of Sterling, denomination Global Notes, on demand by 
the holder for as long as this is a requirement); 
(c) 
the minimum denomination in which the Notes issue is made will be €500,000 or its equivalent. 
In addition, DIRT will not apply to interest or other returns on Notes in certain situations including where 
the person that is beneficially entitled to the interest or returns thereon is not resident in Ireland and an 
appropriate declaration as referred to in section 256 of the Taxes Act is made. 
Encashment tax 
Interest on any Note issued: 
(a) 
by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg, as the case may be, paid by a paying agent in Ireland; 
or 
(b) 
by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg, as the case may be, paid to an agent in Ireland on behalf 
of a holder of the relevant Note; or 
(c) 
by INSPIRE that is a quoted Eurobond and is either held in a Recognised Clearing System (see 
above) or where that payment of interest was not paid by or entrusted to any person in Ireland and, 
in each case, was paid to an agent in Ireland acting on behalf of a holder of the relevant Note, 
will generally be required to withhold tax from that payment ("Encashment Tax"). Where the payment is 
made on or before 31 December 2020, Encashment tax will apply at the standard rate (currently 20 per 
cent.) . Where the payment is made on or after 1 January 2021, Encashment Tax will apply at a prescribed 
rate of 25 per cent. In each case this is unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the 
Revenue Commissioners, that the beneficial owner of the relevan Note and entitled to interest is not resident 
in Ireland and such interest is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of 
another person resident in Ireland. In addition, from 1 January 2021, an exemption will apply where the 
payment is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be 
within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that income. 
 
Liability of Noteholders to Irish tax 
In general, persons who are resident and domiciled in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-
wide income whereas persons who are not resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish 
taxation on their Irish source income. All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax 
on a self-assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an 
assessment. 
Interest earned or discount realised on Notes issued by INSPIRE would be regarded as Irish source income. 
Accordingly, pursuant to general Irish tax rules, such income or discount, as the case may be, would be 
technically liable to Irish income tax (and the universal social charge if received by an individual). Credit 
is available for any Irish tax withheld from income on account of the related income tax liability. Non-Irish 
tax resident companies, where the income is not attributable to a branch or agency of the company in 
Ireland, are subject to income tax at the standard rate (currently 20 per cent.). Therefore any withholding 
tax suffered should be equal to and in satisfaction of the full liability. However, individuals are liable to tax 
at a higher rate of tax (40 per cent.) plus the universal social charge on taxable income exceeding a certain 
threshold, the level of which depends on their individual circumstances. 
Section 198 of the Taxes Act 
With regard to interest earned on the Notes, Section 198 of the Taxes Act provides an exemption from Irish 
income tax in each of the following circumstances: 
(a) 
where: 
(i) 
the interest is paid by a company in the ordinary course of its trade or business; and 
(ii) 
the recipient of the interest is a company resident in an EU Member State (other than 
Ireland) or in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland provided that

--- Page 276 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 267 - 
47-41006023 
 
either: 
(A) 
that relevant territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in 
that relevant territory by companies from sources outside that relevant territory; 
or 
(B) 
the company is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under a double tax 
treaty in effect with Ireland or would be so exempted if a double tax treaty signed 
by Ireland was in effect; and 
(b) 
where: 
(i) 
the provisions of Section 64 of the Taxes Act (quoted Eurobond exemption as described 
above) apply; and 
(ii) 
the recipient is either: 
(A) 
a person who is resident in a member state of the European Union (other than 
Ireland) or in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland; or 
(B) 
a company controlled, either directly or indirectly, by persons resident in a 
member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in a country which 
has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland and who are not under the control, 
whether directly or indirectly, of a person who is, or persons who are not so 
resident; or 
(C) 
a company, the principal class of whose shares are substantially and regularly 
traded on a stock exchange, in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with 
Ireland or an EU Member State (other than Ireland) or on such other stock 
exchange as may be approved of by the Minister for Finance; and 
(c) 
where: 
(i) 
the provisions of section 246A of the Taxes Act apply; and 
(ii) 
the recipient is either: 
(A) 
a person who is resident in a member state of the European Union (other than 
Ireland) or in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland and who 
are not under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of a person who is, or 
persons who are not so resident; or 
(B) 
a company controlled, either directly or indirectly, by persons resident in a 
member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in a country which 
has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland; or 
(C) 
a company, the principal class of its shares are substantially and regularly traded 
on a stock exchange, in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with 
Ireland or an EU Member State (other than Ireland) or on such other stock 
exchange as may be approved of by the Minister for Finance. 
In addition, with regard to discount arising on the Notes, section 198 of the Taxes Act provides an 
exemption from Irish income tax where the Notes are issued by a company in the ordinary course of its 
trade and the recipient of the discount is a person resident in an EU Member State (other than Ireland) or in 
a country which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland. 
For the purposes of (a), (b) and (c) above, residence is determined under the terms of the relevant double 
taxation agreement, if such exists, or in any other case, the law of the country in which the recipient claims 
to be resident. Where the interest is paid to a foreign company carrying on a trade in Ireland through a 
branch or agency or a permanent establishment to which interest paid by INSPIRE is attributable, 
corporation tax is payable on the interest.

--- Page 277 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 268 - 
47-41006023 
 
Applicable Double Tax Treaty 
Many of Ireland's double tax treaties (see above) exempt interest from Irish tax when received by a resident 
of the other jurisdiction. Thus, a Noteholder may be entitled to exemption from Irish income tax on interest, 
and in some cases, discounts, under the terms of a double tax treaty in effect between Ireland and the 
jurisdiction in which the Noteholder is resident. 
Section 153 of the Taxes Act 
As mentioned above, in the case of the Notes, where the consideration given by INSPIRE for the use of the 
principal secured is dependent on the results of its business, interest payments made will be deemed to be 
a distribution as prescribed by Section 130 of the Taxes Act. However, Section 153 of the Taxes Act 
("Section 153") provides exemption from income tax on distributions for certain non-residents. The 
exempted non-residents are: 
(a) 
a person who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and is a resident of a tax treaty 
country or is a resident of an EU Member State (other than Ireland); 
(b) 
a company which is not resident in Ireland and which is ultimately controlled by persons resident 
in another EU Member State or in a tax treaty country; 
(c) 
a company which is not resident in Ireland and is, by virtue of the law of a tax treaty country or an 
EU Member State, resident for the purposes of tax in that tax treaty country or EU Member State, 
but is not under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of Irish residents; 
(d) 
companies, the principal class of whose shares are substantially and regularly traded on a stock 
exchange, in a tax treaty country or an EU Member State or on such other stock exchange as may 
be approved of by the Minister for Finance; 
(e) 
a parent company in another EU Member State in respect of distributions made to it by its Irish 
resident subsidiary company where withholding tax on such distributions is prohibited under the 
EU Parent-Subsidiaries Directive. 
Section 153 also provides that, if dividend withholding tax (see above) has been applied, and the recipient 
is an individual then no further Irish tax liability should exist. 
Other Circumstances 
If, however, the payments are not exempt and there is no double tax treaty between Ireland and the 
jurisdiction in which the Noteholder is resident, there is no mechanism by which the Revenue 
Commissioners can collect residual income tax. Therefore, there is a long standing practice (as a 
consequence if the absence of a collection mechanism rather than adopted policy) whereby no action will 
be taken to pursue any liability to such residual Irish income tax in respect of persons who are not resident 
in Ireland except where such persons: 
(a) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch 
in Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or 
(b) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from 
Irish sources; or 
(c) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income tax 
on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that the Revenue Commissioners will apply this practice in the case of the holders 
of Notes, and, as mentioned above, there is a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax on a self-
assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an 
assessment.

--- Page 278 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 269 - 
47-41006023 
 
Capital Gains Tax 
Provided the Notes are listed on a Stock Exchange, or the Notes do not derive their value, or the greater 
part of their value from certain Irish land or mineral rights, then a Noteholder will not be subject to Irish 
tax on capital gains provided that such Noteholder is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and 
such Noteholder does not have an enterprise, or an interest in an enterprise, which carries on business in 
Ireland through a branch or agency, or a permanent establishment, to which or to whom the Notes are 
attributable. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If the Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from an Irish resident or ordinarily resident disponer 
or if the disponer's successor is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, or if any of the Notes are regarded 
as property situated in Ireland (that is, in the case of Bearer Notes, if the Notes are physically located in 
Ireland or, in the case of Registered Notes, if the register for the Notes is maintained in Ireland), the 
disponer's successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax. Accordingly, if such Notes are comprised 
in a gift or inheritance, the disponer's successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax, even though 
the disponer may not be domiciled in Ireland. For the purposes of capital acquisitions tax it is important to 
note that a non-domiciled person shall not be treated as resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland except 
where that person has been resident in Ireland for five consecutive years of assessment immediately 
preceding the year of assessment in which the date of the gift or inheritance falls. 
Stamp Duty 
No Irish stamp duty is payable on the issue of the Notes. 
Transfer of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg 
In the case of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg, no Irish stamp duty is chargeable 
provided that the instrument of transfer (if any): 
(a) 
is not executed in Ireland; and 
(b) 
does not relate (wherever executed) to any property situated in Ireland or to any matter or thing to 
be done in Ireland. 
Transfer of Notes issued by INSPIRE 
Irish stamp duty is not chargeable on the transfer by delivery of Notes issued by INSPIRE. In the event of 
written transfer of such Notes no stamp duty is chargeable provided that the Notes: 
(a) 
do not carry a right of conversion into stocks or marketable securities (other than loan capital) of a 
company having a register in Ireland or into loan capital having such a right; 
(b) 
do not carry rights of the same kind as shares in the capital of a company, including rights such as 
voting rights, a share in the profits or a share in the surplus upon liquidation; 
(c) 
are issued for a price which is not less than 90 per cent. of their nominal value (thus certain Notes 
issued at a discount may not qualify for this exemption); and 
(d) 
do not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to certain 
movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on stocks or 
marketable securities) specified in any instrument or other document relating to the Notes. 
Where the above exemptions or another exemption does not apply, the instrument of transfer is liable to 
stamp duty at the rate of one per cent. of the consideration paid in respect of the transfer (or if greater, the 
market value thereof) which must be paid in euro by the transferee (assuming an arm's length transfer) 
within 30 days of the date on which the transfer instrument is executed, after which interest and penalties 
will apply. 
Automatic Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes 
Council Directive 2011/ 16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by

--- Page 279 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 270 - 
47-41006023 
 
Council Directive 2014/ 107/EU) ("DAC2") provides for the implementation among EU Member States 
(and certain third countries that have entered into information exchange agreements) of the automatic 
exchange of information in respect of various categories of income and capital and broadly encompasses 
the regime known as the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") published by the OECD as a new global 
standard for the automatic exchange of information between tax authorities in participating jurisdictions. 
Separately, FATCA is designed to require certain US persons' direct and indirect ownership of certain non-
US accounts and non-US entities to be reported by foreign financial institutions to foreign tax authorities 
who will then provide the information to the US tax authoritie 
CRS is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial 
Institutions Regulations 2015, S.l. 583 of 2015, made under Section 891F of the Taxes Act. 
DAC2 is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information in the 
Field of Taxation Regulations of 2015, S.I. No. 609 of 2015 made under Section 891G of the Taxes Act. 
FATCA is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the provisions of the Ireland and US Intergovernmental 
Agreement and the Financial Accounts Reporting (United States of America) Regulations of 2014, S.I. 292 
of 2014, made under Section 891E of the Taxes Act.  
Pursuant to these regulations, INSPIRE is required to obtain and report to the Revenue Commissioners 
annually certain financial account and other information for all new and existing accountholders (other than 
Irish and US accountholders) in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE (and. in certain circumstances, their 
controlling persons). The returns are required to be submitted by 30 June annually thereafter. The 
information must include amongst other things, details of the name, address, taxpayer identification number 
("TIN"), place of residence and. in the case of accountholders who are individuals, the date and place of 
birth, together with details relating to payments made to accountholders and their holdings. This In the case 
of DAC2 and CRS, this information may be shared with tax authorities in other EU Member States (and in 
certain third countries subject to the terms of Information Exchange Agreements entered into with those 
countries) and jurisdictions which implement the CRS. In the case of FATCA, this information may be 
shared with the US tax authorities. If INSPIRE fails to satisfy its FATCA obligations it may, in certain 
circumstances, be treated as a nonparticipating financial institution by the US tax authorities and therefore 
subject to a 30% withholding tax on its US source income. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg and is subject to any change that may 
come into effect after that date, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to 
the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. In addition, any reference to a tax, duty, levy, impost 
or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur 
le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. 
Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or 
taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably applies 
to most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an 
individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well. 
A holder of Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Taxation of Intesa Luxembourg 
Intesa Luxembourg is a fully taxable company and any profit realised by Intesa Luxembourg is subject to 
corporate income tax and municipal business tax in Luxembourg. Interest expenses accrued under the Notes

--- Page 280 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 271 - 
47-41006023 
 
issued by Intesa Luxembourg should be deductible from its taxable base, to the extent that the interest rate 
is arm's length and the interest are not linked to tax exempt income. 
It should however be noted that under the ATAD I Law, the tax deduction of interest expenses accrued may 
be denied as from fiscal year 2019 if (a) Intesa Luxembourg has exceeding borrowings costs (i.e. tax-
deductible borrowing costs that are in excess of the taxable interest income and other economically 
equivalent taxable income of Intesa Luxembourg) and (b) such exceeding borrowing costs are higher than 
(i) 30% of Intesa Luxembourg's EBITDA and (ii) EUR 3 million. 
Furthermore, the tax deductions of payments made by Intesa Luxembourg may also be denied as from fiscal 
year 2019 if (a) such payments are not included in the taxable base of the ultimate recipient/beneficiary as 
a result of a hybrid mismatch and (b)(i) the ultimate recipient/beneficiary of the payment and Intesa 
Luxembourg are associated enterprises or (ii) the ultimate recipient/beneficiary and Intesa Luxembourg 
have concluded a structured arrangement which entails this hybrid mismatch. While this rule only targets 
hybrid mismatches within the EU at the moment, it should be noted that the anti-hybrid rule will (a) be 
expanded to non-EU hybrid mismatches and (b) more sophisticated hybrid mismatches once ATAD II has 
been transposed into Luxembourg legislation (a bill has been tabled in this respect by the Luxembourg 
government on 8 August 2019 and may be amended as a result of the legislative process). 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of 
the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes 
held by non-resident holders of Notes, provided that the interest on the Notes does not depend on the profit 
of the Issuer. 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the "Relibi Law") and mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, provided that the interest on the Notes does not depend on 
the profit of the Issuer. 
However, under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of 
income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law would be subject to a 
withholding tax of 20%. 
Further, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, 
who are the beneficial owners of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the European Union or the European Economic Area may also 
opt for a final 20% levy, providing full discharge of Luxembourg income tax. In such case, the 20% levy 
is calculated on the same amounts as the 20% withholding tax for payments made by Luxembourg resident 
paying agents. The option for the 20% final levy must cover all interest payments made by the paying 
agents to the Luxembourg resident beneficial owner during the entire civil year. Responsibility for the 
declaration and the payment of the 20% final levy is assumed by the individual resident beneficial owner 
of the interest or similar income. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
A non-resident holder of Notes, who has neither a permanent establishment, a permanent representative nor 
a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is not subject to

--- Page 281 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 272 - 
47-41006023 
 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under 
the Notes. A gain realized by such non-resident holder of Notes on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Notes is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment, a permanent 
representative or fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes and on any gains realized upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Resident corporate holders of Notes 
A corporate holder of Notes must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or 
issue discount, as well as any gain realized on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, 
in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, or 
by the law of 13 February 2007, on specialized investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative funds is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or 
received, any redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realized on the sale or disposal, in any 
form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Resident individual holders of Notes 
An individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is subject 
to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under 
the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi 
Law, or (ii) the individual holder of the Notes has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full discharge 
of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
A gain realized by an individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to Luxembourg income 
tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the Notes were acquired. However, 
any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income or assimilated thereto (e.g., 
issue discount, redemption premium, etc.) is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been 
levied on such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, as 
well as any gain realized on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes in its taxable basis 
for income tax purposes. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains 
a permanent establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which 
such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder of 
Notes is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or by 
the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, or by the law of 13 February 2007 
on specialized investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative funds, 
or is a securitization company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitization, as amended, or is 
a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended. 
However, please note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitization, 
as amended, or capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as 
amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 and which fall 
under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof remain subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
This minimum net wealth tax amounts to €4,815, if the relevant holder of Notes holds assets such as fixed 
financial assets, receivables owed to affiliated companies, transferable securities, postal checking accounts, 
checks and cash, in a proportion that exceeds 90% of its total balance sheet value and if the total balance

--- Page 282 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 273 - 
47-41006023 
 
sheet value of these very assets exceeds €350,000. Alternatively, if the relevant holder of Notes holds 90% 
or less of financial assets or if those financial assets do not exceed €350,000, a minimum net wealth tax 
varying between €535 and €32,100 would apply depending on the size of its balance sheet. 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other Taxes 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Under present Luxembourg tax law, in the case where a holder of Notes is a resident for tax purposes of 
Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Notes are included in his taxable estate, for inheritance tax 
purposes. In addition, gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes, if the gift is recorded in a 
Luxembourg deed. 
Registration Tax 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg by the holders of Notes as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these 
taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer or redemption or repurchase of the Notes, except 
if the Notes are either (i) attached as an annex to an act (annexés à un acte) that itself is subject to mandatory 
registration or (ii) deposited in the minutes of a notary (déposés au rang des minutes d'un notaire). In such 
cases, as well as in case of a voluntary registration, the Notes will be subject to a fixed €12 duty payable 
by the party registering, or being ordered to register, the Notes. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in 
consideration for the issue of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes, 
or the transfer of the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of such Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of that or any other Note. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has developed a new global standard for 
the annual automatic exchange of financial information between tax authorities (the "CRS"). The CRS has 
been implemented into Luxembourg domestic law via the law dated 18 December 2015 concerning the 
automatic exchange of information on financial accounts and tax matters and implementing the EU 
Directive 2014/107/EU. The regulation may impose obligations on Intesa Luxembourg and its holder of 
Notes, if Intesa Luxembourg is actually regarded as a reporting Financial Institution under the CRS, so that 
the latter could be required to conduct due diligence and obtain (among other things) confirmation of tax 
residency (through the issuance of self-certifications forms by the holder of Notes), the tax identification 
number and CRS classification of the holder of Notes in order to fulfil its own legal obligations. 
Prospective investors should contact their own tax advisers regarding the application of CRS to their 
particular circumstances. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, a "participating Member State"). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate and on 16 March 2016 it completed the formalities required to leave the 
enhanced co-operation on FTT. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.

--- Page 283 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 274 - 
47-41006023 
 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive in Luxembourg law 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, the EU Commission published a draft Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directive on 28 January 2016, which was formally adopted by the EC Council on 12 July 2016 in Council 
Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the "ATAD I"). 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD I Law") transposed the ATAD 
I into Luxembourg legislation. The ATAD I Law may have an impact on the tax position of Intesa 
Luxembourg (including on its performance). Amongst the measures contained in the ATAD I Law is an 
interest deductibility limitation rule. The ATAD I Law provides that "exceeding borrowing costs" in excess 
of the higher of (a) €3 million or (b) 30% of an entity's adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation 
and amortisation (EBITDA) will not be deductible in the year in which they are incurred but would remain 
available for carry forward. "Exceeding borrowing costs" is a defined term which relates to the amount by 
which the tax-deductible borrowing costs exceed "interest revenues and other equivalent taxable revenues 
from financial assets". 
Furthermore, on 8 August 2019 the Luxembourg government tabled a draft bill of law to implement into 
Luxembourg legislation Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 amending the ATAD I as 
regards hybrid mismatches with third countries (the "ATAD II"). The ATAD II extends the scope of the 
ATAD I which applied to situations of double deduction or deduction without inclusion resulting from the 
use of hybrid financial instruments or hybrid entities. The ATAD II requires EU Member States to either 
deny deduction of payments, expenses or losses or include payments as taxable income, in case of hybrid 
mismatches. It includes situations involving permanent establishments, reverse hybrids, imported 
mismatches, hybrid transfers and dual residence. 
The ATAD II needs to be implemented in the EU Member States' national laws and regulations by 31 
December 2019 and will have to apply as of 1 January 2020, except for the provision on reverse hybrid 
mismatches for which implementation can be postponed to 31 December 2021, and will apply as of 1 
January 2022. 
The exact impact of the above mentioned new rules would need to be monitored on a regular basis, notably 
in the light of any future guidance from the Luxembourg tax authorities. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
Intesa Luxembourg may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on

--- Page 284 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 275 - 
47-41006023 
 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payment" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. 
Holder of Notes should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event that any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding. 
TAXATION IN SINGAPORE 
The statements below are general in nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax laws in 
Singapore and administrative guidelines and circulars issued by Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore 
("IRAS") and the Monetary Authority of Singapore ("MAS") in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in such laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, or the interpretation 
of those laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. These laws, guidelines and circulars are also subject to various interpretations 
and no assurance can be given that the relevant tax authorities or the courts will agree with the 
explanations or conclusions set out below. Neither these statements nor any other statements in this Base 
Prospectus are intended or are to be regarded as advice on the tax position of any holder of the Notes or 
of any person acquiring, selling or otherwise dealing with the Notes or on any tax implications arising from 
the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the Notes. The statements made herein do not purport 
to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes (particularly structured Notes) and do not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or financial institutions in Singapore which have been granted the relevant Financial 
Sector Incentive(s)) may be subject to special rules or tax rates. The statements should not be regarded as 
advice on the tax position of any person and should be treated with appropriate caution. Noteholders and 
prospective Noteholders are advised to consult their own professional tax advisers as to the Singapore or 
other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership of or disposal of the Notes, including, in particular, 
the effect of any foreign, state or local tax laws to which they are subject. 
It is emphasised that neither any Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any Dealer nor any other persons involved 
in the Programme accept responsibility for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from the subscription, 
purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
The descriptions below are not intended to apply to any Notes issued by, or issued for the purposes of 
funding, the Singapore Branch of any Issuer 
Interest and Other Payments 
If more than half of any tranche of Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base 
Prospectus but on or before 31 December 2023 are distributed by financial sector incentive (bond market) 
company, a financial sector incentive (standard tier) company and/or a financial sector incentive (capital 
market) company within the meaning of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore ("ITA"), that 
tranche of Notes ("Relevant Notes") would be "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the ITA and, 
subject to certain conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt securities 
for the Relevant Notes), interest, discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary 
trading), prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost (collectively, "Specified Income") from the 
Relevant Notes derived by any company or body of persons (as defined in the ITA) in Singapore is subject 
to income tax at a concessionary rate of 10 per cent. (except for holders of the relevant financial sector 
incentive(s) who may be taxed at different rates).

--- Page 285 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 276 - 
47-41006023 
 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any 
of the Relevant Notes by any person who (i) is not resident in Singapore and (ii) carries on any operations 
in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying 
debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such 
Relevant Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations through a permanent establishment 
in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break 
cost derived from the Relevant Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) 
shall include such income in a return of income made under the ITA. 
 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(a) 
if during the primary launch of any tranche of Relevant Notes, the Relevant Notes of such tranche 
are issued to fewer than four persons and 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant Notes 
is beneficially held or funded, directly or indirectly, by related parties of the relevant Issuer, such 
Relevant Notes would not qualify as "qualifying debt securities"; and 
(b) 
even though a particular tranche of Relevant Notes are "qualifying debt securities", if, at any time 
during the tenure of such tranche of Relevant Notes, 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such 
Relevant Notes is beneficially held or funded, directly or indirectly, by related parties of the 
relevant Issuer, Specified Income from such Relevant Notes derived by: 
(i) 
any related party of the relevant Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Relevant Notes are 
obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party of the relevant Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the concessionary rate of tax of 10 per cent. as described above. 
The terms "break cost", "prepayment fee" and "redemption premium" are defined in the ITA as follows: 
"break cost" means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, 
the amount of which is determined by any loss or liability incurred by the holder of the securities in 
connection with such redemption; 
"prepayment fee" means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the 
securities, the amount of which is determined by the terms of the issuance of the securities; and 
"redemption premium" means any premium payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption of 
the securities upon their maturity. 
References to "break cost", "prepayment fee" and "redemption premium" in this Singapore taxation section 
have the same meaning as defined in the ITA. 
The term "related party", in relation to a person, means any other person who, directly or indirectly, 
controls that person, or is controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, or where he and that other person, 
directly or indirectly, are under the control of a common person. 
Capital Gains 
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of the Notes will not be taxable in 
Singapore. However, any gains derived by any person from the sale of the Notes which are gains from any 
trade, business, profession or vocation carried on by that person, if accruing in or derived from Singapore, 
may be taxable as such gains are considered revenue in nature. 
Holders of the Notes who apply or are required to apply Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 39 ("FRS 
39"), Financial Reporting Standard 109 - Financial Instruments ("FRS 109") or Singapore Financial 
Reporting Standard (International) 9 (Financial Instruments) ("SFRS(I) 9") (as the case may be) may, for 
Singapore income tax purposes, be required to recognise gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the 
nature of capital) on the Notes, irrespective of disposal, in accordance with FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 
(as the case may be). Please see the section below on "Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 
Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes".

--- Page 286 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 277 - 
47-41006023 
 
Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes 
Subject to certain "opt-out" provisions, Section 34A of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or are required 
to adopt FRS 39 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore 
income tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 39, subject to certain 
exceptions provided in that section. The IRAS has also issued a circular entitled "Income Tax Implications 
Arising from the Adoption of FRS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement" to provide 
guidance on the Singapore income tax treatment of financial instruments. 
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2018, replacing FRS 39. Section 34AA of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or who are 
required to adopt FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or 
expense for Singapore income tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 109 
or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be), subject to certain exceptions provided in that section. The IRAS has also 
issued a circular entitled "Income Tax: Income Tax Treatment Arising from Adoption of FRS 109 – 
Financial Instruments". 
Holders of the Notes who may be subject to the tax treatment under the FRS 39 tax regime, FRS 109 tax 
regime or the SFRS(I) 9 tax regime should consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the 
Singapore income tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Estate Duty 
Singapore estate duty has been abolished with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 15 February 2008. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
Joint statements issued on 8 December 2015 by participating Member States, except Estonia, indicate an 
intention to implement the FTT by the end of June 2016. On 16 March 2016, Estonia completed the 
formalities required to leave the enhanced co-operation on FTT. On 17 June 2016, the Council of the 
European Union announced that the work on FTT will continue during the second half of 2016. The Council 
of the European Union discussed the state of the dossier in June 2017 and reiterated that further work at the 
Council and its preparatory bodies is still required, before a final agreement on this dossier can be reached. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT 
The Italian Financial Transaction Tax ("IFTT") 
Transactions in Notes issued by the Issuer which qualify as banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital 
adequacy financial instruments are excluded from IFTT, pursuant to Law no. 228/2012 ("Law 228"), 
implemented by Ministry Decree 21 February 2013, as subsequently amended by Ministry Decree 16 
September 2013. IFTT should not apply to Notes which qualify as atypical securities. However, an official 
position of the Italian Tax Authority in this regards is not available.

--- Page 287 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 278 - 
47-41006023 
 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS RELATING TO RENMINBI 
Under PRC foreign exchange control regulations, transactions involving cross-border transfer of money are 
divided into current account items and capital account items. Current account items refer to any transaction 
for international receipts and payments involving goods, services, earnings and other frequent transfers. 
Capital account items include cross-border transfers of capital, direct investments, securities investments, 
derivative products and loans. Capital account payments are generally subject to approval of, and/or 
registration or filing with, the relevant PRC authorities. 
Previously, settlement of current account items and capital account items were required to be made in 
foreign currencies. Such settlement regime has experienced progressive reforms in recent years. As a result, 
as of 5 January 2018, PBoC published the Circular on Further Improving the Policy of Renminbi Cross-
border Business to Facilitate Trade and Investment (Yin Fa [2018] No.3) to enable enterprises to pay and/or 
receive Renminbi for any cross-border transaction that can be settled in foreign currencies. 
The relevant regulations are relatively new and will be subject to interpretation and application by the 
relevant PRC authorities. Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of current 
account items or capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in such rules

--- Page 288 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 279 - 
47-41006023 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in a dealer agreement (as amended, supplemented and/or restated, the "Dealer 
Agreement") dated 22 December 2020, agreed with Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to subscribe or procure subscribers for 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Forms of the Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Dealer Agreement, Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. In the Dealer 
Agreement it is stated that Intesa Sanpaolo  may offer and sell the Notes to or through one or more 
underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly to purchasers. 
United States 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee thereof have been nor will they be registered under the Securities Act 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area or the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area or the UK (each a 
"Relevant State"), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a

--- Page 289 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 280 - 
47-41006023 
 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg which have a maturity 
of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE or 
Intesa Luxembourg in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document

--- Page 290 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 281 - 
47-41006023 
 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Financial Services Act") and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and 
regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
"Banking Act"); 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of 
the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to 
time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to further represent and agree) that: 
(a) 
in connection with offers for sale of any Note issued by INSPIRE that is not listed on any stock 
exchange and that does not mature within two years, it will not: 
(i) 
knowingly sell or offer for sale any Notes issued by INSPIRE to any person, including 
any body corporate, resident in Ireland or having its usual place of abode in Ireland (an 
"Irish Person"); 
(ii) 
knowingly issue or distribute, or knowingly cause to be issued or distributed, any 
documentation offering for subscription or sale any Notes issued by INSPIRE, to any Irish 
Person; 
(iii) 
as far as primary sales of any Notes issued by INSPIRE are concerned, its actions in any 
jurisdiction will comply with the then applicable laws and regulations; 
(iv) 
offer, sell or deliver any such Note to any person in a denomination of less than €500,000, 
or its equivalent in any other currency. In addition, such Notes must be cleared through a 
Recognised Clearing System; 
(b) 
in connection with offers for sale of any Notes issued by INSPIRE that is not listed on any stock 
exchange that matures within two years, it will not offer, sell or deliver any such Note to any person 
in a denomination of less than €500,000 if the relevant Note is denominated in euro, US$500,000 
if denominated in U.S. dollars, or if denominated in a currency other than euro or U.S. dollars, the 
equivalent of €500,000 at the date the Programme is first publicised. In addition, such Notes must 
be cleared through a Recognised Clearing System; and 
(c) 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes or the Programme, it has complied and 
will comply with: 
(i) 
all applicable provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Information) 
Regulations 2017 (the "MiFID Regulations"), if operating in or otherwise involving 
Ireland, and of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 and Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (together, "MiFID");

--- Page 291 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 282 - 
47-41006023 
 
(ii) 
if acting under the terms of an authorisation for the purposes of MiFID, the terms of that 
authorisation and any applicable codes of conduct or practice and any applicable 
requirements of the MiFID Regulations or as imposed, or deemed to have been imposed, 
by the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to the MiFID Regulations or the Central Bank 
Acts 1942 to 2018; 
(iii) 
if acting under the terms of an authorisation granted to it for the purposes of Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervisions of credit institutions and 
investment firms, the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018, any codes of conduct or practice 
made under section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989, any applicable requirements of 
the MiFID Regulations, any applicable requirements imposed, or deemed to have been 
imposed, by the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to the MiFID Regulations or the Central 
Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 and, where applicable, any applicable requirements imposed by 
the European Central Bank pursuant to European Union legislation; and 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 
2014 on market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any 
Irish market abuse law, as defined in those Regulations or the Companies Act 2014, and 
any rules made and guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection 
therewith. 
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union 
legislation) shall be deemed to refer to such legislation as the same has been or may from time to 
time be amended, supplemented or replaced and shall include reference to all implementing 
measures, delegated acts and guidance in respect thereof. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than (1) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (2) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes in the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region and Taiwan Region) as part of the initial distribution of the Notes. The Base 
Prospectus or any information contained or incorporated by reference therein does not constitute an offer 
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. The Base Prospectus, any information 
contained therein or the Notes have not been, and will not be, submitted to, approved by, verified by or 
registered with any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC and thus may not be supplied to the public 
in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested by the PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in the 
Notes of the type being offered or sold. Investors are responsible for informing themselves about and

--- Page 292 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 283 - 
47-41006023 
 
observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant governmental approvals, verifications, 
licences or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities, including, but not limited 
to, the People's Bank of China, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, and other relevant 
regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any 
relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas investment regulations. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.

--- Page 293 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 284 - 
47-41006023 
 
France 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic of France and it has not distributed 
or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, 
sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to (a) persons providing investment 
services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties, (personnes fournissant le service 
d'investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article 2(e) the Prospectus Regulation in accordance with Articles L. 
341-2, 1° and L.411-2, 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or delivers and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor (where applicable), the 
Trustee and the other Dealers shall have any responsibility thereof. 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the Final Terms, no action has 
been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) 
or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering 
material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession 
or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the relevant Issuer and, if 
applicable, the Guarantor. Any such supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 294 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 285 - 
47-41006023 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Approval and Admission to trading of the Notes to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus. Application has been made for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer(s) and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree or which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
The CSSF may at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European Economic 
Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) an Attestation Certificate. At the date hereof, 
the Issuers have requested the CSSF to send an Attestation Certificate and copy of this Base Prospectus to 
the Central Bank of Ireland in its capacity as competent authority in Ireland. 
Authorisations 
The establishment and update of the programme and the increases in the aggregate nominal amount of all 
Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme were authorised by resolutions of the Boards of 
Directors of Banca Intesa S.p.A passed on 19 March 2001, 24 June 2003, 26 April 2005 and 6 March 2006 
and of the Management Board of Intesa Sanpaolo passed on 18 June 2007, 28 October 2008, 6 September 
2011, 15 January 2013 and 27 March 2014. The addition of INSPIRE as an Issuer under the Programme 
was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of INSPIRE passed on 15 February 2007. The 
addition of Intesa Luxembourg as an Issuer under the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of Intesa Luxembourg passed on 19 October 2011. Each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE 
and Intesa Luxembourg has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and the giving of the guarantee 
relating to them. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for general funding purposes of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group, or as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
relating to the issuance including to be applied towards Eligible Green Bonds (including Climate Bonds, 
certified as such by the Climate Bonds Standard and Certification Scheme), Eligible Social Bonds, or a re-
financing of any combination of both Green and Social Bonds (Sustainability Bonds). 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed on pages 189 to 201 none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any member of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration or administrative 
proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to claims or amounts which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial position 
or profitability and, so far as Intesa Sanpaolo or, as the case may be or INSPIRE (where INSPIRE is the 
Issuer) or, as the case may be, Intesa Luxembourg (where Intesa Luxembourg is the Issuer), is aware, no 
such litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
Auditors 
From the year ended 2012 the auditors of Intesa Sanpaolo are KPMG S.p.A. for the period 2012-2020. 
KPMG S.p.A. have audited Intesa Sanpaolo's consolidated annual financial statements, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia) promulgated pursuant to article 11.3 of Legislative decree 
no. 39/10, as at and for the years ended 31 December, 2018 and 2019.

--- Page 295 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 286 - 
47-41006023 
 
KPMG S.p.A., auditors to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. from 2012, has performed a limited review on the 2020 
Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2020 in accordance 
with CONSOB Regulation No. 10867 of 31 July 1997. 
KPMG S.p.A. is a member of Assirevi, the Italian association of auditors, and is included in the register of 
certified auditors (Registro dei revisori legali) at the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative decree no. 39/10 and established by Ministerial Decree no. 145 of 2012. 
From the year ended 2012, the auditors of INSPIRE are KPMG, who are registered auditors with the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland and have audited the unconsolidated annual financial 
statements of INSPIRE, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) as at and for the 
years ended 31 December, 2018 and 2019. 
From the year ended 2012, the approved statutory auditors (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) of Intesa 
Luxembourg are KPMG Luxembourg, Société coopérative, Cabinet de révision agréé, who are members 
of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises and have audited the annual financial statements of Intesa 
Luxembourg and the consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg, in accordance with 
generally accepted auditing standards in Luxembourg as at and for the years ended 31 December, 2018 and 
2019. 
Trend information / No Material Change 
Since (i) 31 December 2019 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuers,(ii) 
30 September 2020, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group and (iii) 30 September 2020, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group.  
Since 30 September 2020 (in the case of Intesa Sanpaolo), 30 June 2020 (in the case of INSPIRE)or since 
31 December 2019 (in the case of Intesa Luxembourg), there has been no significant change in the financial 
position of the Issuers, respectively. 
Material contracts 
None of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg and Intesa Sanpaolo's other subsidiaries has 
entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or 
may reasonably be expected to be material to the Issuers' ability to meet their obligations to Noteholders. 
Documents available for inspection 
In addition to the availability of the Base Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein in 
electronic form as set out below, for so long as the Programme remains valid with the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, the following documents 
(translated into English, where applicable) may be obtained by the public during normal business hours at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and the Listing Agent in Luxembourg and at the registered 
offices of the Issuers, namely: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements to this Base Prospectus (together with any prospectuses 
published in connection with any future updates in respect of the Base Prospectus) and any other 
information incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(b) 
a certified copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes; 
(e) 
the Trust Deed (incorporating a form of the Deed of Guarantee by Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of 
payment of amounts due in relation to Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, and any 
further issuer that may be appointed from time to time under the Programme); 
(f) 
the Operating & Administrative Procedures Memorandum;

--- Page 296 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 287 - 
47-41006023 
 
(g) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on any stock exchange (save that Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection 
by the relevant Noteholders and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and 
the Listing Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
(h) 
any Deed of Guarantee relating to Notes which are listed on any stock exchange (save that a Deed 
of Guarantee relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Listing Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); and 
(i) 
any supplemental agreement prepared and published in connection with the Programme. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms 
relating to the Notes which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
and each document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(https://www.bourse.lu), and at the following website:  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-documents/mtn 
Copies of the constitutive documents of each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg are 
available at the following website: 
Intesa Sanpaolo:  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/governance/company-documents/2020 
INSPIRE: 
 
http://www.intesasanpaolobankireland.ie/about/ 
Intesa Luxembourg:  https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wpcontent/uploads/2015/07/ISPBL-
Statuts-coordonn%c3%a9s-au-29.03.2018.pdf 
Copies of the Deed of Guarantee in relation to syndicated issuances of Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg which are Guaranteed Notes are available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-documents/mtn 
The information on the abovementioned websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
information contained therein is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Financial statements available 
In addition to the availability of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in 
electronic form as set out above, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be 
outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be 
obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A., at 19-21, Boulevard Prince Henri, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and at the registered offices of the Issuers and the Guarantor: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo as at and for the years 
ended 31 December, 2018 and 2019; 
(b) 
the audited annual financial statements of INSPIRE as at and for the years ended 31 December, 
2018 and 2019; 
(c) 
the audited annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at and for the years ended 31 
December, 2018 and 2019; 
(d) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at and for the years 
ended 31 December, 2018 and 2019;

--- Page 297 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 288 - 
47-41006023 
 
(e) 
the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of Intesa Sanpaolo 
published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its unaudited 
consolidated half-yearly financial statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June, 2020; 
(f) 
the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of Intesa Sanpaolo 
published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its unaudited 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the nine months ended 30 September, 2020; and 
(g) 
the most recent annual or interim financial information of INSPIRE published from time to time 
(whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its unaudited unconsolidated half-yearly 
financial statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June, 2020, 
in each case, together with the accompanying notes and any auditors' report. 
INSPIRE does not currently publish any consolidated financial information. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on certificates or reports from KPMG S.p.A. (the 
"Auditors") whether or not any such certificate or report or engagement letter or other document entered 
into by the Trustee and the Auditors in connection therewith contains any limit on liability (monetary or 
otherwise) of the Auditors. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying 
issues of Notes constituting derivative securities except to the extent required by any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Clearing systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and the ISIN for each Tranche 
of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
LEI Code 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") Code of Intesa Sanpaolo is 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08, the LEI 
Code of Intesa Luxembourg is 549300H62SNDRT0PS319, and the LEI Code of INSPIRE is 
635400PSMCTBZD9XNS47. 
Declaration of the officer responsible for preparing Intesa Sanpaolo's financial reports 
The officer responsible for preparing the company's financial reports, Fabrizio Dabbene, declares, pursuant 
to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance (Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time) that the accounting information contained 
in this Base Prospectus corresponds to Intesa Sanpaolo's documentary results, books and accounting 
records. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative

--- Page 298 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 289 - 
47-41006023 
 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuers or their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of long and/or short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such long and/or 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Moreover Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. will be acting as Issuer and Dealer in the context of the Programme.

--- Page 299 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 290 - 
47-41006023 
 
ANNEX 1 
FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
The Issuers can issue Notes which are linked to an Inflation index pursuant to the Programme, where the 
underlying index is either (i) the CPI (the "CPI Linked Notes"), (ii) the U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI) (all 
items) published by the Office of National Statistics ("RPI Linked Notes") or (iii) the Non-revised index 
of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco published by Eurostat (HICP) ("HICP Linked Notes"). The following information 
provides an explanation to prospective investors about how the value of the Inflation Linked Notes is 
affected by the value of the underlying index. 
"CPI" or "ITL" – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees – Excluding Tobacco 
"Consumer Price Index Unrevised" means, subject to the Conditions, the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo 
per famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi" as calculated on a monthly basis by the ISTAT – 
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica (the Italian National Institute of Statistics) (the "Index Sponsor") which 
appears on Bloomberg Page ITCPIUNR (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or 
such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying the level 
of such index), provided that for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest and the Final 
Redemption Amount, the first publication or announcement of a level of the Index (excluding estimates) 
by the Index Sponsor for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions of the level for 
such month will not be used in any calculations. 
UK Retail Price Index 
The U.K. Retail Prices Index (the "RPI") is the most familiar general purpose domestic measure of inflation 
in the UK. The RPI has been used as a measure of inflation since 1947 and measures the average change 
from month to month in the prices of goods and services purchased by most households in the UK. The 
spending pattern on which the RPI is based is revised each year, mainly using information from official 
expenditure and food surveys. 
RPI is compiled by the UK Office of National Statistics (the "ONS") using a large and representative 
selection of approximately 650 separate goods and services for which price movements are regularly 
measured in approximately 150 areas throughout the UK. Approximately 120,000 separate price quotations 
are used each month in compiling the RPI. The UK Government uses the RPI for its own existing inflation-
linked Notes. If prices rise compared to the previous month, the RPI goes up and if prices fall compared to 
the previous month, the RPI goes down. It takes a couple of weeks for the ONS to compile the index, so 
they publish each month's RPI figure during the following month, i.e. the figure relating to February will 
be published in March. The RPI figures used in the calculation of interest payments on the RPI Linked 
Notes and the amount due to be repaid on the RPI Linked Notes at redemption are numerical representations 
of where prices on a list of items bought by an average family stand at a point in time, in relation to their 
past values. 
More information on the RPI, including past and current levels, can be found at www.statistics.gov.uk. 
Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco Unrevised Series Non 
Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and 
published by EUROSTAT and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised statistical 
methods (the "HICP") is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time in the prices 
of consumer goods and services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the Maastricht Treaty, 
the HICPs have been used as convergence criteria and the main measure for monitoring price stability by 
the European Central Bank in the Euro area, as well as for use on international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the Member States' individual harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco ("Individual HICP"). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction with its 
consumer price index. Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an HICP for the 
Eurozone, as well as a breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each country's weight in 
the HICP for the Eurozone equals the share that such country's final household consumption constitutes

--- Page 300 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 291 - 
47-41006023 
 
within that of the Eurozone as a whole for the year that is prior to that specified year. These weights are re-
estimated every year in the January publication of the HICP. 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are the 
same for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the European Union. This makes it possible to compare 
inflation among different Member States of the European Union. Emphasis is placed on the quality and 
comparability of the various countries' indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. 
This also makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new 
entrant is integrated in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that 
year. The new Member State's weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat's internet site, according to a pre-determined official timetable. 
Publication generally occurs around the 14th – 16th day of the following month. If a revision is made, it is 
published with the HICP of the following month. 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. 
This procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through a 
new consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in the 
definition of household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. Since 
2006, the index reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price reference 
period, too, the weights for each year are "price updated" to December of the previous year. 
More information on the HICP, including past and current levels, can be found at: 
http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/hicp/introduction.

--- Page 301 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 292 - 
47-41006023 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF INTESA SANPAOLO 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156 
10121 Turin 
Italy 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF INSPIRE 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 
2nd Floor 
International House 
3 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 K8F1 
Ireland 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF INTESA LUXEMBOURG 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
19-21, Boulevard Prince Henri 
1724 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 302 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 293 - 
47-41006023 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Piazza San Carlo, 156 
10121 Turin 
Italy 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Natixis 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Taunustor (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
Société Générale 
29, Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS AG London Branch 
UBS Europe SE 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eight Floor,  
100 Bishopsgate,  
London, EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND 
FISCAL AGENT FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 303 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 294 - 
47-41006023 
 
ITALIAN PAYING AGENT  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156 
10121 Turin 
Italy 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
as to English and Italian Law 
Allen & Overy 
Allen & Overy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
as to Irish Law 
McCann FitzGerald 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGERS AND THE DEALERS 
as to English Law and Italian Law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
as to Luxembourg Law 
Clifford Chance 
10, Boulevard G.D. Charlotte 
B.P. 1147 
1011 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE TRUSTEE 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
KPMG Chartered Accountants  
1 Harbourmaster Place 
International Financial Services Centre 
Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 304 ---
260861-1630302227-20989-v11.0 
- 295 - 
47-41006023 
 
KPMG Luxembourg, Société coopérative 
39, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
 1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
19-21, Boulevard Prince Henri 
1724 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg