--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 12 DECEMBER 2024  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€35,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
unsecured and unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and 
principal by  
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l.  
(incorporated as a limited liability company under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
The €35,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) has 
been established by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (Intesa Sanpaolo, the Bank, or the Issuer) for the issuance of obbligazioni bancarie 
garantite (the Covered Bonds which term includes, for avoidance of doubt the Registered Covered Bonds as defined below) 
guaranteed by ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. pursuant to Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (Law 130), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "CRR") and the supervisory instructions of the Bank 
of Italy relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Third Part, Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche”, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
BoI OBG Regulations and, together with Law 130 and the CRR, the OBG Regulations). 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. (ISP CB Ipotecario or the Covered Bond Guarantor) issued a first demand (a prima richiesta), 
autonomous, unconditional and irrevocable (irrevocabile) guarantee (garanzia autonoma) securing the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds (the Covered Bond Guarantee), in accordance with the provisions of Law 130. The obligation 
of payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the Portfolio and the Available Funds (as defined in 
the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), which is the 
competent authority under Regulation EU 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, as a base prospectus for the purpose of article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus. Potential investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in Covered Bonds.  
 
Application has also been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 (twelve) months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. As 
referred to in Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019, by approving this Base 
Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or 
financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer.  
 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds (until 12 December 2025) which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
This Base Prospectus replaces and supersedes the base prospectus approved on 10 January 2024 relating to the Programme. 
 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the section headed “Glossary”, unless 
otherwise defined in the specific section of this Base Prospectus in which they are used. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currencies, including Euro, UK Sterling, Swiss 
Franc, Japanese Yen and US Dollar. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, annually or on 
such other basis as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in arrears at fixed or floating rate, increased or decreased by a margin. 
The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a discounted price with no interest accruing and repayable at nominal value (zero-
coupon Covered Bonds). 
The terms of each Series will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Series prepared in accordance with the provisions of 
this Base Prospectus and, if listed, to be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such 
Series. 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) to be admitted to listing on the official list 
and trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
Directive 2014/65/UE. In addition, the Issuer and each Relevant Dealer named under the section headed “Subscription and Sale” 
may agree to make an application to list a Series on any other stock exchange as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on an unlisted basis. 
Covered bonds will be issued in dematerialised form and the Issuer reserves the right to issue also Covered Bonds as German 
governed registered covered bonds (Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung) (the Registered Covered Bonds). This Base 
Prospectus does not relate to the Registered Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer under the Programme pursuant to 
either separate documentation or the documents described in this Base Prospectus after having made the necessary amendments 
and the approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF does not cover any Registered Covered Bonds which may be issued by the 
Issuer. 
Where Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will have a 
denomination of not less than €100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). The terms and conditions of the Registered Covered Bonds (the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions), which will differ from the terms and conditions set out in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds”, will specify the minimum denomination for Registered Covered Bonds, which might not be listed.   
 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or such other reference rate, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI, as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation).  
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be held in dematerialised form or in any other form as may be set 
out in the Final Terms. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held on behalf of their ultimate owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (commercial name “Euronext Securities Milan”), with registered 
office at Piazza degli Affari, no. 6 – 20123, Milan, Italy (Monte Titoli) for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holders. The expression Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Bruxelles as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg (Clearstream). Each Series of Covered Bonds issued 
in dematerialised form will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined in the section headed “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”). Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds 
issued in dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised 
form will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the Financial Law) and implementing regulation and with the joint 
regulation of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 
2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds 
issued in dematerialised form. 
Before the Maturity Date the Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in whole or in part in certain 
circumstances, as set out in Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Each Series is expected, upon the relevant issue, to be assigned a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by Moody's Italia 
S.r.l. (Moody’s or the Rating Agency, which expression shall include any successor thereof). Conditions precedent to the 
issuance of any Series include that a rating letter assigning the rating to such Series of Covered Bonds is issued by the Rating 
Agency. Whether or not the credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the EU CRA 
Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the UK) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) is obliged to 
maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) is obliged to 
maintain on its website, https://register.fca.org.uk/s/search?q=fitch&type=Companies), a list of credit rating agencies registered 
and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
Covered Bonds and may be subject to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agency. 
For a discussion of certain risks and other factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, see the section headed “Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section headed 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
 
Arrangers  
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo, Intesa Sanpaolo and Barclays 
Dealers 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo and Barclays

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS .......................................................................................... 5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................... 52 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................... 88 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................ 95 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS, FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER 
PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................................................... 102 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................... 103 
REGULATORY SECTION .................................................................................................... 166 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BOND GUARANTOR .............................................. 190 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR ....................................................................... 196 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO ................................................................................. 198 
COLLECTION AND RECOVERY PROCEDURES ............................................................ 201 
CREDIT STRUCTURE .......................................................................................................... 233 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS ....................................................................................... 245 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................. 264 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ................................................. 265 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ......................................................................... 285 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ............................................... 303 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS ..................... 348 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................... 376 
MAIN FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (GEDECKTE 
NAMENSSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) ........................................................................... 393 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................ 395 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE................................................................................................ 406 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................. 412 
GLOSSARY ........................................................................................................................... 417

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case, the information containted in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the importance of such information. 
ISP CB IPOTECARIO S.r.l. accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base 
Prospectus in the section headed “Description of the Covered Bond Guarantor” and any other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer, those parts of this Base Prospectus for which ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. is 
responsible are in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the 
importance of such information. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular 
nature of the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement 
thereto along with any document incorporated herein by reference (see the section headed 
“Documents incorporated by reference”) and, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, with the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
section headed “Glossary”, unless otherwise defined in the single section of this Base 
Prospectus in which they are used. 
The Issuer and, with respect to the information relating to itself only, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, have confirmed to the Dealers (i) that this Base Prospectus contains all information 
with regard to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds which is material in the context of the 
Programme and the issue and offering of Covered Bonds thereunder; (ii) that the information 
contained herein is accurate in all material respects and is not misleading; (iii) that any 
opinions and intentions expressed by it herein are honestly held and based on reasonable 
assumptions; (iv) that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer, the omission of which 
would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or any statement therein or opinions or intentions 
expressed therein misleading in any material respect; and (v) that all reasonable enquiries 
have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are either 
derived from, or are based on, internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In 
addition, the sources for the rating information set out in the sections headed “Ratings” of this 
Base Prospectus are the following rating agencies: Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Moody’s 
Investors Service España S.A., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and DBRS Ratings 
GmbH (each as defined below). In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
been extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external sources 
used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by such 
sources. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor to disclose 
any information or to make any representation which is not contained in or not consistent with 
this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any party to the Transaction Documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any offer or sale made in connection 
therewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its date of publication and it and any 
supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms filed within such 12 months reflect the status as 
of their respective dates of issue. 
Neither the Dealers, the Arrangers nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, with 
exception of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Asset Monitor (only with respect 
to the section “Description of the Asset Monitor”), is responsible for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference, or any supplement 
thereof, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and 
accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these 
persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information 
contained in any of these documents. 
Neither the Dealers, nor the Arrangers have separately verified the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers makes any representation, express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any 
of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Dealers or the Arrangers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered 
Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential 
investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or 
the Arrangers.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and 
any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Any persons into possession of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and 
on the distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material 
relating to the Covered Bonds, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” of this Base 
Prospectus. In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered 
Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. 
persons.  
Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Covered Bonds to or through one or more underwriters, 
dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly to purchasers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part 
thereof) constitutes, nor may they be used for the purpose of, an offer to sell any of the 
Covered Bonds, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in 
any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or 
is unlawful. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms is required and shall be 
taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Where a claim relating to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a member State of the European 
Economic Area (a Member State), the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the 
Member State where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the Base 
Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published.  
 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment 
in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the 
impact the Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and 
its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They 
purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to €, euro or Euro are to the single currency introduced at 
the beginning of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; references to U.S.$ or U.S. 
Dollar are to the currency of the Unites States of America; references to £ or UK Sterling are 
to the currency of the United Kingdom; references to Swiss Franc are to the currency of the 
Swiss Confederation; references to Japanese Yen are to the currency of the State of Japan; 
references to Italy are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and regulations are, unless 
otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references to billions are to 
thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of 
the figures which preceded them.  
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of 
the purchase of such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations 
and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and 
described in this Base Prospectus and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide 
confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases.  
The Arrangers are acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and 
will not be responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection 
afforded to clients of the Joint Arrangers or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the 
Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer 
(if any) which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager (the 
Stabilising Manager) or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager may over-allot 
any such Series or Tranche or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price such Series or Tranche at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail 
for a limited period. However, there may be no obligation on the Stabilising Manager (or 
any agent of the Stabilising Manager) to do this. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series or Tranche and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of any such Series or Tranche. Such stabilising shall 
be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended (MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97, as 
amended (IDD), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds includes a legend entitled Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors, the Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the FSMA) and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution 
of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled UK MiFIR Product Governance which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules 
set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section contains a general description of the Programme pursuant to Article 25 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and, as such, does not purport to be 
complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to the terms and conditions of any Series or Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should carefully read the information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making an investment decision in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered condition are to such condition in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below. 
1. 
PRINCIPAL PARTIES 
Issuer 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a bank organised as a joint stock company and 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office 
is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121, Turin, Italy and secondary office at Via 
Monte di Pietà 8, 20121, Milan, Italy, share capital of Euro 
10,368,870,930.08, incorporated with Fiscal Code number and registration 
number with the Turin Register of Enterprises 00799960158, delegate of 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group VAT under number 11991500015, enrolled under 
number 5361 in the register of banks held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act, holding company of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group, enrolled in the register of banking groups held by the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act (the Issuer or 
Intesa Sanpaolo). 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group or the Group means Intesa Sanpaolo and each of 
its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l., a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) incorporated in the Republic of Italy pursuant to 
Article 7-septies of Law 130, with share capital equal to euro 120,000.00 
(fully paid up) whose registered office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 
Milan, Italy, enrolled with the Companies’ Register of Milan-Monza-
Brianza-Lodi, under No. 05936180966, belonging to the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, 
subject 
to 
the 
direction 
and 
coordination 
(direzione 
e 
coordinamento), pursuant to Article 2497-bis of the Italian Civil Code, of 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Covered Bond Guarantor). 
 
The share capital of the Covered Bond Guarantor is 60 per cent. owned by 
the Issuer and 40 per cent. owned by Stichting Viridis 2. 
Seller 
Intesa Sanpaolo, in its capacity as seller under the Master Transfer 
Agreement (the Seller).  
Arrangers 
Intesa Sanpaolo and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, public limited company 
incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered number 396330 and 
having its registered office at One Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, D02 
RF29 (Barclays) (collectively, the Arrangers). 
Dealers 
As of the date hereof, Intesa Sanpaolo and Barclays (collectively, the 
Dealers), and any entity so appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the 
terms of the Dealer Agreement.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
Servicer  
Intesa Sanpaolo, in its capacity as servicer under the Servicing Agreement 
(the Servicer). 
Special Servicers 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo (the First Special Servicer). 
Any servicer, other than Intesa Sanpaolo, which may be appointed as special 
servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement (the Second Special 
Servicer). 
Administrative 
Services Provider 
Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as administrative services provider under the 
Administrative 
Services 
Agreement 
(the 
Administrative 
Services 
Provider). 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank (each an Additional Seller), other than the Seller, which is a 
member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, may sell Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor, subject to 
satisfaction of certain conditions, including the issuance by the Rating 
Agency of a Rating Agency Confirmation, and that, for such purpose, shall, 
inter alia, enter into a master transfer agreement, substantially in the form of 
the Master Transfer Agreement, a subordinated loan agreement, 
substantially in the form of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, and shall 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement (which will be amended in order to 
take into account the granting of additional subordinated loans) and the other 
Transaction Documents executed by the Seller. 
Portfolio Manager 
The entity to be appointed under the Portfolio Administration Agreement in 
order to carry out certain activities in connection with the sale of Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets following the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
(the Portfolio Manager).  
Asset Monitor 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, with registered office at Via Santa Sofia 28, 20122 Milan, 
Italy, with Fiscal Code, VAT number and registration number with the 
Register of Enterprises of Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi No. 03049560166, 
enrolled under No. 132587 with the register of accounting firms held by 
Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze pursuant to article 2 of the Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and related regulations issued 
by Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (the Asset Monitor). 
Cash Manager 
Intesa Sanpaolo, through its branch located at Via Verdi 8, Milan, in its 
capacity as cash manager under the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the Cash Manager). 
Account Bank 
Intesa Sanpaolo, through its branch located at Via Verdi 8, Milan with which 
the accounts on which all the amounts collected or recovered by the Servicer 
in respect of the Portfolio will be transferred in accordance with the terms of 
the Servicing Agreement and the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
(the Intesa Collection Accounts) and additional accounts (the Intesa Other 
Accounts and together with the Intesa Collection Accounts, the Intesa 
Accounts) are opened and held in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
in accordance with the terms of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (an Account Bank) and Crédit Agricole – Corporate and 
Investment Bank, with its registered offices at 9, Quai du Président Paul

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
Doumer, 92920 Paris La Défense Cedex (CA-CIB), with which certain 
accounts (the CA-CIB Accounts) are opened and held in the name of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (an Account Bank and together with 
Intesa Sanpaolo, the Account Banks). 
Calculation Agent 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Business Service S.r.l., incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Milan, Piazza Tre 
Torri, 2, VAT number and Taxpayer Identification Code 06234620968, in 
its capacity as calculation agent under the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the Calculation Agent), in order to perform certain calculations 
and conduct certain tests pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
Liability Hedging 
Counterparty  
Intesa Sanpaolo, as liability hedging counterparty as of the First Issue Date, 
and any other party (each, a Liability Hedging Counterparty) that, from 
time to time, will enter into a Liability Swap with the Covered Bond 
Guarantor for the hedging of currency risk and/or interest rate risk on the 
Covered Bonds. 
Asset Hedging 
Counterparty 
Intesa Sanpaolo, as asset hedging counterparty as of the First Issue Date, and 
any other party (each, an Asset Hedging Counterparty) that, from time to 
time, will enter into an Asset Swap with the Covered Bond Guarantor for the 
hedging of currency and/or interest rate risk on the Portfolio. 
Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A., a bank incorporated under the laws of the Republic 
of Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza del Calendario, 3, 20100 Milan, 
Italy, in its capacity as paying agent of the Covered Bonds under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the Paying Agent). 
Any reference to the Paying Agent included in this Base Prospectus, shall 
include, for the avoidance of doubt, any reference to additional paying agent 
and/or the German Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer in relation to a 
specific Series of Covered Bonds or Registered Covered Bonds. 
Registrar 
Any institution which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer to 
act as registrar in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme (the Registrar), provided that if the Issuer will keep the register 
and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be 
construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
German Paying 
Agent 
Any institution appointed from time to time by the Issuer to act as paying 
agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme (the German Paying Agent). 
Luxembourg 
Listing Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., whose registered office is at 2 Boulevard 
Konrad Adenauer, Luxembourg L-1115 a bank incorporated under the laws 
of Luxembourg, in its capacity as Luxembourg listing agent under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the Luxembourg Listing Agent).  
Representative of 
the Covered 
Bondholders  
KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A., a joint stock company, 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office 
is at Via Vittor Pisani 27, Milan, Italy, with Fiscal Code, VAT and 
registration with the Milan Register of Enterprises No. 00731410155, acting 
through its secondary office in Rome, Via Curtatone 3 (KPMG Fides or the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
Rating Agency 
Moody's Italia S.r.l. (Moody’s or the Rating Agency). 
Swap Service 
Providers 
Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party (each, a Swap Service Provider) that 
has entered or will enter, from time to time, into a Swap Service Agreement. 
Ownership or 
control 
relationships 
between the 
principal parties 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect ownership or 
control relationships exist between the principal parties described above in 
this section, other than the relationships existing between Intesa Sanpaolo 
(as Issuer and in its other roles as indicated above) and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, all of which pertain to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
 
2. 
THE COVERED BONDS AND THE PROGRAMME  
Programme 
Description 
€35,000,000,000.00 Covered Bond Programme. 
Programme 
Amount 
Up to €35,000,000,000.00 (and for this purpose, any Covered Bonds 
denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of 
the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate 
used shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of 
Covered Bonds outstanding (the Programme Limit). The Programme Limit 
may be increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement and, 
according to Article 18, letter (i) of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 2019, the Issuer will publish a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. 
Distribution of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis, in each case only in accordance with the relevant selling restrictions. 
Selling 
Restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the distribution of 
offering material in certain jurisdictions may be subject to certain selling 
restrictions. Persons who are in possession of this Base Prospectus are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arrangers to inform themselves 
about, and to observe, any such restriction. The Covered Bonds have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Subject to certain exceptions, the 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to US persons. There are further restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European 
Economic Area (including the Republic of Ireland, Germany and the 
Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom and Japan. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” 
below. 
Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Covered Bonds to, or through, one or 
more underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly 
to purchasers. 
Currencies 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in Euro, UK Sterling, Swiss Franc, 
Japanese Yen and US Dollar, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
in any other currency, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer(s) (each a Specified Currency), subject to compliance with all

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, in 
which case the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or the Issuer may enter into 
certain agreements in order to hedge inter alia its currency exchange 
exposure in relation to such Covered Bonds. Payments in respect of Covered 
Bonds may, subject to such compliance, be made in, or linked to, any 
currency other than the currency in which such Covered Bonds are 
denominated. 
Denominations 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds (other than the 
Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal or regulatory or central bank requirements (see Condition 3 
(Form, Denomination and Title)). Registered Covered Bonds will be issued 
in such denominations indicated in the applicable Registered Covered Bonds 
Conditions. 
Minimum 
Denomination 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond (other than the 
Registered Covered Bonds) will be €100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds 
are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
currency), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
minimum denomination for the Registered Covered Bonds will be specified 
in the relevant Registered Covered Bonds Conditions. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche may be issued at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (in each case, the Issue Price for such Series or 
Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds pursuant to and 
in accordance with the Dealer Agreement (each, the Issue Date in relation to 
such Series). 
First Issue Date 
The date on which the Issuer issues the first Series of Covered Bonds (the 
First Issue Date). 
CB Payment Date 
Any date specified as such in, or determined in accordance with, the 
provisions of the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, subject in each 
case, to the extent provided in the relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention (each such date, a 
CB Payment Date). 
CB Interest 
Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in the 
case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on (but excluding) the next CB Payment Date (or, in the case of the 
last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date) (each such period, a CB Interest 
Period). 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
In relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date of 
such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
in 
the 
relevant 
Final 
Terms 
(Interest 
Commencement Date). 
Form of Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued and will be held in dematerialised form or 
as 
German 
governed 
registered 
covered 
bonds 
(Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung) (the Registered Covered Bonds), or in any

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
other form as set out in the relevant Final Terms.    
 
The Covered Bonds issued in bearer form and in dematerialised form 
(emesse in forma dematerializzata) will be held on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. Each such Series or 
Tranche will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date. 
Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. The 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be evidenced 
by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book-entries in 
accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the Financial 
Law and the relevant implementing regulations and (ii) Regulation 13 
August 2018. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder in the form of a 
Registered Covered Bond (Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung), each 
issued with a minimum denomination indicated in the relevant Registered 
Covered Bond terms and conditions (the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions).  
 
The 
relevant 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung), together with the related Registered Covered 
Bond Conditions attached thereto and any other document expressed to 
govern such Series of Registered Covered Bonds, will constitute the full 
terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Registered Covered Bonds. 
In the case of Registered Covered Bonds, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated 
or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, 
shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the Registered Covered Bond 
(Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung), the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions attached thereto or other related agreements and, as applicable, 
each other reference to Final Terms in this Base Prospectus shall be 
construed and read as a reference to such Registered Covered Bond 
(Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung), the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions attached thereto or the relevant Registered Covered Bond 
agreement. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds is deemed to be not effective until 
the transferee has delivered to the Registrar a duly executed copy of the 
Registered Covered Bond certificate relating to such Registered Covered 
Bond along with a duly executed Registered Covered Bond assignment 
agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination 
indicated in the applicable Registered Covered Bond Conditions or multiples 
thereof. 
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in this Base 
Prospectus to the Conditions or a particularly numbered Condition shall be 
construed, where relevant (and unless specified otherwise), as references to 
the equivalent Condition in the relevant Registered Covered Bonds 
Conditions as supplemented by any applicable document.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
Types of Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds may be repayable 
in one or more instalments depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series shall be comprised of 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate Covered Bonds only or 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds only or such other Covered Bonds accruing 
interest on such other basis and at such other rate as may be so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms only. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: fixed interest on the Covered Bonds will be 
payable in accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on such date as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealers and on redemption, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided for in 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear 
interest at a rate determined in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealers for each Series of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each CB Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such CB Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction provided for in the Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Partly-Paid Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds may be issued on a partly-paid 
basis in which case interest will accrue on the paid-up amount of such 
Covered Bonds or on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Amortising Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds may be issued with a 
predefined, prescheduled amortisation schedule where, in addition to 
interest, the Issuer will pay, on each relevant CB Payment Date, a portion of 
principal up to the relevant Maturity Date (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) in instalments. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered 
and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
 
The issuance of certain types of Covered Bonds may require a prior 
amendment to the Transaction Documents. 
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from each 
other, subject to the terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will not be fungible among 
themselves. Each Series (excluding any Series of Registered Covered

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
Bonds, which may be issued only in Series) may be issued in more than one 
Tranche which are identical in all respects, but having, inter alia, different 
issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices, dates for first interest 
payments, maturity dates and may be issued in different currencies 
(provided that Tranches issued in different currencies will not be fungible 
among themselves). The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior 
consent of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds, but subject to 
certain conditions (see “Conditions Precedent to the Issuance of a new 
series of Covered Bonds” below). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term “Series” shall mean in the case of 
Registered Covered Bonds, each Registered Covered Bonds made out in the 
name of a specific Registered Covered Bondholder. 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance with the 
generally applicable terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the 
Conditions) prior to the issue of each Series detailing certain relevant terms 
thereof which, for the purposes of that Series only, complete the Conditions 
and the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus (such specific final terms, the Final Terms). The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Series are the Conditions as 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms.  
 
In the case of Registered Covered Bonds, each other reference to Final 
Terms in the Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to such 
Registered Covered Bond (Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung), the 
Registered Covered Bond Conditions and any other related agreements. 
Interest on the 
Covered Bonds 
Except for Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, and unless otherwise specified in 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Covered Bonds will be 
interest-bearing and interest will be calculated on the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Covered Bonds. Interest will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the Conditions and in 
the relevant Final Terms. Interest may accrue on the Covered Bonds at a 
fixed rate or a floating rate or on such other basis and at such rate as may be 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series. 
Interest Rate 
Conversion 
The relevant Final Terms may specify, with respect to a Series of Covered 
Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, that, in the event such Covered 
Bonds are not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date, the interest rate 
payable on such Covered Bonds converts to a floating rate index plus a 
conversion margin in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Redemption of the 
Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds 
can not be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified 
instalments, if applicable, or in other specified cases, e.g. taxation reasons, 
or Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default, as specified in the paragraph 
“Early Redemption of the Covered Bonds” below), or (b) that such Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the holders of

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
the Covered Bonds (the Covered Bondholders), or at the option of the 
Covered Bondholders upon deposit of a notice by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, with the 
Paying Agent, and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase) and of the relevant Final Terms, (i) on a date or 
dates specified prior to such maturity and (ii) at a price or prices, and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealers (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Early Redemption 
of the Covered 
Bonds 
In certain circumstances indicated under the Conditions (including an early 
redemption (i) for tax reasons or illegality, or (ii) following a delivery by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice upon the Covered Bond Guarantor), the Covered Bonds 
may be early redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount.  
 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Gross Up and 
Redemption for 
taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the Issuer will be 
made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
Italy, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation). 
 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be made, the Issuer 
will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
In such circumstances and provided that such obligation can not be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Covered Bonds 
will be redeemable (in whole, but not in part) at the option of the Issuer. See 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA, as provided in 
Condition 11 (Taxation). 
Neither the Issuer nor the Covered Bond Guarantor will have any obligation 
to pay additional amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds for any amounts 
required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to any agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and 
any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof 
(FATCA). 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount 
due to taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default. 
Maturity Date 
The final maturity date for each Series (the Maturity Date) will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and in any event the determination of the 
Maturity Date will be subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant regulatory 
body or by any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the currency of 
the Covered Bonds. Unless previously redeemed as provided in Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase), and subject to any provision regarding 
extendable maturity which may be included in the Final Terms, the Covered 
Bonds of each Series will be redeemed at their Outstanding Principal

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
Balance on the relevant Maturity Date.  
Extendable 
Maturity  
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to pay all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date may be deferred to a 
later date pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Extension of maturity) (the Extended 
Maturity Date). Such deferral may occur, if so stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, automatically if: 
 
(a) 
an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and  
 
(b) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor has, on the date falling four Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date (the Extension Determination Date), 
insufficient Available Funds (in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payments) to pay in full any amount representing the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the amount due (subject to the applicable grace 
period) in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bond as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Final Redemption Amount) on the Maturity Date 
(a Maturity Extension). 
 
In these circumstances, to the extent that the Covered Bond Guarantor has 
sufficient Available Funds to pay in part the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall make partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount, in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments, 
without any preference among the Covered Bonds outstanding, except in 
respect of maturities of each Series or Tranche. 
 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that, any amount representing 
the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity 
Date may be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor on any CB Payment Date 
thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amount up to 
the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9(b) (Extension of 
maturity). In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to Condition 9(b) or 
in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa or resolution of the Issuer, the 
extension of the Final Maturity Date shall not affect the ranking or the 
sequencing of the Covered Bonds. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of 130 
Law and the BoI Regulations, the Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in 
case an Extended Maturity Date has become applicable in respect of a Series 
of Covered Bonds further to the occurrence of the Maturity Extension, 
within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a 
consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of 
the suspension period and withdrawal of the Article 74 Notice to Pay, the 
Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under 
any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which a Maturity Extension has 
occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for payment by no 
later than 15 calendar days following the day on which the Article 74 Notice

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
to Pay has been withdrawn.  
Long Dated 
Covered Bonds 
If the Extended Maturity Date is set at the Long Date Due for Payment Date 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Covered Bonds will be considered 
Long Dated Covered Bonds.  
 
Long Date Due For Payment Date means the CB Payment Date 
immediately following the tenth anniversary of the latest maturity date in 
respect of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
contained in the Portfolio as of the Extension Determination Date. 
Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds 
If no Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds (the 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds) will be due for payment on the Maturity 
Date. Hard Bullet Covered Bonds may be offered and will be subject to a 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test. The purpose of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test 
is to provide liquidity for the Hard Bullet Covered Bonds if the Issuer’s 
credit ratings have fallen below a certain level. 
Ranking of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer – guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor by 
means of the Covered Bond Guarantee – and will rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves, except in respect of maturities of each 
Series or Tranche, and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured, unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer having the same maturity of each Series or Tranche 
of the Covered Bonds, from time to time outstanding. 
Recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130 and with the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Transaction Documents, the Covered 
Bondholders will benefit from full recourse to the Issuer and limited 
recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor (see the section headed “Credit 
Structure”). The obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the Available Funds. 
Substitution of the 
Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may (and in the case of an 
Approved Reorganisation, shall) agree with the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) and the Covered Bond Guarantor at any time without the consent 
of the Covered Bondholders: 
 
(a) 
to the substitution in place of Intesa Sanpaolo (or of any previous 
substitute) as principal debtor under the Covered Bonds by any bank 
Subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo (the Substitute Obligor) by way of an 
obligation transfer agreement without recourse to the Issuer (accollo 
liberatorio); or  
 
(b) 
to an Approved Reorganisation; or 
 
(c) 
that Intesa Sanpaolo (or any previous substitute) may, other than by 
means of an Approved Reorganisation, consolidate with, merge into or 
amalgamate with any successor company, 
 
provided that: 
 
(i) 
the obligations of the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
under the Covered Bonds shall be irrevocably and unconditionally 
guaranteed by Intesa Sanpaolo or its successor company (on like terms as 
to subordination, if applicable, to those of the Covered Bond Guarantee);  
 
(ii) 
(other than in the case of an Approved Reorganisation) the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders is satisfied that the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby; 
 
(iii) 
the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity agrees, in form and 
manner satisfactory to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to 
be bound by the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and all the 
Transaction Documents in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds still 
outstanding, by means of executing agreements and documents 
substantially in the same form and substance of the Transaction 
Documents; and 
 
(iv) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is satisfied that (a) 
the Resulting Entity or Substituted Obligor has obtained all governmental 
and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for its assumption of 
liability as principal debtor in respect of the Covered Bonds in place of the 
Issuer (or such previous substitute as aforesaid), and (b) such approvals 
and consents are, at the time of substitution, Approved Reorganisation or 
consolidation, merger, amalgamation other than by means of an Approved 
Reorganisation, as the case may be, in full force and effect. 
 
Upon the assumption of the obligations of the Issuer by a Substitute Obligor 
or a Resulting Entity or a successor company, Intesa Sanpaolo shall have no 
further liabilities under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
 
Any substitution as described above shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Rating Agency. 
Provisions of 
Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and 
are deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to them. In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of 
holding Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of 
each of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a signatory 
thereto. 
Conditions 
Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new 
Series of Covered 
Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) at its option, on any date and 
without the consent of the holders of the Covered Bonds issued beforehand 
and of any other creditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor or of the Issuer, to 
issue further Series of Covered Bonds other than the first issued Series, 
subject to, inter alia: 
(i) 
confirmation by the Rating Agency of the required rating with 
respect to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds;  
 
(ii) 
satisfaction of the Mandatory Tests both before and immediately 
after such further issue of Covered Bonds;  
 
(iii) 
no Article 74 Event having occurred (and being continuing);

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
no Issuer Event of Default having occurred; and 
 
(v) 
the Reserve Fund Required Amount, the Liability Swap Principal 
Accumulation Amount and the Interest Accumulation Amount (if and to 
the extent due) have been credited on the Investment Account, on the 
immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer having appropriately confirmed the satisfaction (on the 
basis of the information received by the Calculation Agent) - both before 
and immediately after such further issue of Series of Covered Bonds - of 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Limit in accordance 
with the Portfolio Administration Agreement prior to the date of execution 
of the relevant Subscription Agreement and the Issue Date for the relevant 
Series of Covered Bond. 
 
It is a condition precedent to the issue of Long Dated Covered Bonds that no 
Series of Covered Bonds which are not Long Dated Covered Bonds are 
outstanding.  
 
It is a condition precedent to the issue of a Series of Covered Bonds which 
are not Long Dated Covered Bonds that no Series of Long Dated Covered 
Bonds are outstanding.  
 
The payment obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under all Series 
shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Portfolio, 
through the Covered Bond Guarantee (see also the section headed “Ranking 
of the Covered Bonds”). 
Approval, listing 
and admission to 
trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus 
issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered 
Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the official list and to be admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and references 
to listing shall be construed accordingly. As specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Series of Covered Bonds may be unlisted.   
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Covered 
Bonds are to be listed and, if so, on which stock exchange(s). The Registered 
Covered Bonds may not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any 
regulated market. The approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF does 
not cover any Registered Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer. 
Settlement 
Monte Titoli / Euroclear / Clearstream or any other clearing system as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Registered Covered Bonds will not 
be settled through a clearing system. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds), the 
Programme and the other Italian Law Transaction Documents are governed 
by Italian law; the English Law Transaction Documents are governed by 
English law.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or by whatever law chosen by the Issuer (to be 
supplemented with the specific provisions required under German law in 
order for the Registered Covered Bonds to be a German law registered note 
(Gedeckte Namensschuld verschreibung)) and shall be regulated by separate 
agreements provided that, in any case, provisions applicable to the Issuer 
and the Portfolio shall be confirmed to be governed by Italian law. 
Rating 
Each Series issued under the Programme may be assigned a rating by the 
Rating Agency. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Covered 
Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
All credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
Rating Agency 
Confirmation 
The issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the increase of the Programme Limit, may be 
subject to Rating Agency Confirmation. 
 
By subscribing for or purchasing the Covered Bond(s), each Covered 
Bondholder will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that a credit 
rating of a Series of Covered Bonds is an assessment of credit risk and does 
not address other matters that may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders, 
including, without limitation, in the case of a Rating Agency Confirmation, 
whether such action is either (i) permitted by the terms of the relevant 
Transaction Document, or (ii) in the best interest of, or not prejudicial to, 
some or all of the Covered Bondholders. 
 
In being entitled to have regard to the fact that the Rating Agency has 
confirmed that the then current rating of the relevant Series of Covered

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
Bonds would not be adversely affected or withdrawn, each of the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors is deemed to have 
acknowledged and agreed that a Rating Agency Confirmation does not 
impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on the Rating Agency to 
the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors or 
any other person or create any legal relations between the Rating Agency 
and the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors or any other person whether by way of contract or otherwise. 
 
By subscribing for or purchasing the Covered Bond(s), each Covered 
Bondholder will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that: 
 
(a) 
a Rating Agency Confirmation may or may not be given at the sole 
discretion of the Rating Agency; 
 
(b) 
depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any 
information needed to be provided as part of any such request, it may be the 
case that the Rating Agency cannot provide a Rating Agency Confirmation 
in the time available, or at all, and the Rating Agency will not be responsible 
for the consequences thereof; 
 
(c) 
a Rating Agency Confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis 
of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, and in the 
context of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the Covered 
Bonds form a part; and 
 
(d) 
a Rating Agency Confirmation represents only a restatement of the 
opinions given, and will not be construed as advice for the benefit of any 
Covered Bondholder or any other party. 
Purchase of the 
Covered Bonds by 
the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price. If the purchase is made by tender, tenders 
must be available to all holders of the Series which the Issuer intends to buy.   
 
3. 
COVERED BOND GUARANTEE 
Security for the 
Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, by virtue of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the 
Covered Bondholders will benefit from a guarantee issued by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor which will, in turn, hold the Portfolio consisting of some or 
all of the following assets:  
(a) 
loans secured by residential property (mutui ipotecari residenziali) 
up to the lesser of the principal amount of the liens that are, inter alia, 
combined with any prior liens and 80% of the value of the pledged 
properties, in accordance with Article 129, par. (1), letter (d) of the CRR and 
Article 7-novies of Law 130 and for which the hardening period with respect 
to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has elapsed; 
(b) 
loans secured by commercial immovable property (mutui ipotecari

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
 
commerciali) up to the lesser of the principal amount of the liens that are, 
inter alia, combined with any prior liens and 60% of the value of the 
pledged properties from, in accordance with Article 129, par. (1), letter (f) of 
the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130 and for which the hardening 
period with respect to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has elapsed. 
In addition, the Portfolio may comprise Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets, having the characteristics described under the section headed 
“Description of the Portfolio”, subject to the limitations set out in Article 
129, paragraph 1a, lett. (a), (b), (c) e (d) of CRR (as applicable). 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will be obliged to pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds 
on the relevant Due for Payment Date and in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments.  
In view of ensuring timely payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor, a 
Notice to Pay will be served on the same as a consequence of an Issuer 
Event of Default.  
The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall constitute a first demand, unconditional and independent 
guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and certain provisions of Italian civil code 
relating to non-autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), as specified 
in Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, shall not apply. Accordingly, such 
obligation shall be a direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligation of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, with limited recourse to the Available Funds, 
irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the 
guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
 
 
Temporary 
transfer of 
payment 
obligations to the 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor 
If an Article 74 Event occurs, the Covered Bond Guarantor, in accordance 
with Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during 
the suspension period and each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate 
against the Issuer. 
Following to an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will serve an Article 74 Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor that an Article 74 Event has occurred. Unless and 
until such Article 74 Notice to Pay has been withdrawn: 
 
(i) 
Temporary Acceleration against the Issuer: each Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and the Covered Bonds 
will rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that: 
(a) such Article 74 Events shall not trigger an acceleration against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, and (b) in accordance with Article 7-
quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of Law 130, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall 
be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the 
Covered Bonds during the suspension period;  
 
(ii) 
Delegation: the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an 
exclusive basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer 
in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee in the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
context of which the Covered Bondholders have irrevocably delegated – 
also in the interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
to the extent necessary – to the Covered Bond Guarantor the exclusive 
right to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds including any 
rights of enforcing any acceleration of payment provisions provided under 
the Conditions or under the applicable legislation. For this purpose, upon 
request of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders shall provide the 
Covered Bond Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as 
the latter may deem necessary or expedient for taking all necessary steps to 
ensure the timely and correct performance of its mandate. 
 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders has 
confirmed such delegation and waived any rights of the Covered 
Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take any such individual action 
against the Issuer; 
 
(iii) 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor: the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds on the Due 
for Payment Date in accordance with (i)(a) above and subject in any case 
to the provisions of the Conditions;  
 
(iv) 
Mandatory Tests: the Mandatory Tests shall continue to be 
applied;  
 
(v) 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and Exposure Limit: the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Limit shall continue to be applied; 
and 
(vi) 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test: the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test shall 
be deemed to be failed with respect to any Hard Bullet Covered Bonds for 
which the Maturity Date falls within 12 months. 
 
Upon the termination of the suspension period, the Article 74 Notice to Pay 
shall be withdrawn and the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the 
payment obligations under the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will no longer be deemed to be 
accelerated against the Issuer) in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
 
Issuer Events of 
Default 
Each of the following events with respect to the Issuer shall constitute an 
Issuer Event of Default: 
 
(i) 
Non-payment: default is made by the Issuer for a period of 7 days 
or more in the payment of any principal or redemption amount, or for a 
period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest on the Covered 
Bonds of any Series or Tranche when due, unless an Article 74 Event has 
occurred and the relevant suspension period is continuing; or 
 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer is in breach of material

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series or 
Tranche outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party (other than any obligation for the payment of principal or interest on 
the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to ensure compliance of the 
Portfolio with the Tests)) and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days 
after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written 
notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and 
specifying whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
above occurs in respect of any other Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
or 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer 
(other than, for the avoidance of doubt, an early intervention measure 
(misura di intervento precoce) pursuant to Title IV, Chapter I, of the 
Consolidated Banking Act or a resolution (risoluzione) pursuant to 
Legislative Decree no. 180 of 16 November 2015); or 
 
(v) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary 
business; or 
 
(vi) 
Breach of Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test: in relation to Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds, breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test which is not 
remedied by the earlier of: 
 
a) 20 Business Days from the date on which the Issuer is notified 
of the breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test; and 
 
b) the Maturity Date of that Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
or 
 
(vii) 
Breach of Mandatory Test: breach of any of the Mandatory Tests 
which is not remedied by the Calculation Date immediately following the 
notification of such breach. 
(viii) 
No Issuer Event of Default shall occur other than in the context of 
an insolvency or liquidation in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution 
authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Issuer Event of 
Default for any purpose). 
 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred and, upon service of 
such Notice to Pay:  
 
(a) 
No further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not 
issue any further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
 
(b) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will rank 
pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that (i) such

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
events shall not trigger an acceleration against the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
and (ii) in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of Law 130 
and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall be solely responsible for the exercise of the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer subject to liquidation 
and any Excess Proceeds will be part of the Available Funds;  
 
(c) 
Delegation: the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive 
basis, the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee, in the 
context of which the Covered Bondholders irrevocably delegate – also in the 
interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bond Guarantor and to the extent 
necessary – to the Covered Bond Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed 
against the Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds including any rights of 
enforcing any acceleration of payment provisions provided under the 
Conditions and/or under the applicable legislation. For this purpose, upon 
request of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders shall provide the 
Covered Bond Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as 
the latter may deem necessary or expedient for taking all necessary steps to 
ensure the timely and correct performance of its mandate. 
 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed 
such delegation and waived any rights of the Covered Bondholders to 
revoke such delegation and take any such individual action against the 
Issuer; 
 
(d) 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor: the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds on the Due 
for Payment Date in accordance with (b)(i) above and subject in any case to 
the provisions of the Conditions;  
 
(e) 
Disposal of Assets: the Servicer, or any other third party appointed 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on 
behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall sell the Eligible Assets and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than cash deposits) included 
in the Portfolio in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement; 
 
(f) 
Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test shall be applied. 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor Events 
of Default 
Following an Issuer Event of Default, each of the following events shall 
constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default: 
(i) 
Non-payment: non-payment of principal and/or interest in respect 
of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, subject to a 7 
day cure period in respect of principal or redemption amounts and a 14 day 
cure period in respect of interest payment or non-payment or non-setting

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
aside for payment of costs or amounts due to any Hedging Counterparties 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor;  
 
(ii) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test is breached; 
 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligations: breach by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor of the other binding obligations under the Dealer Agreement, 
the Intercreditor Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantee or any other 
Transaction Document to which the Covered Bond Guarantor is a party, 
which is not remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice of such breach to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor; 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor; 
 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond 
Guarantee is not in full force and effect. 
 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and, upon 
service of such Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice: 
 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will accelerate against the Covered Bond Guarantor, becoming 
immediately due and payable, and the Covered Bonds will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves; 
 
(ii) 
Disposal of assets: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, direct the 
Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, to sell all assets included in the Portfolio in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
and 
 
(iii) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, 
at its discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute 
such proceedings against the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (as the 
case may be) as it may think fit, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders. 
Cross 
Acceleration 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default is triggered with respect to a 
Series, all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds will cross accelerate at the 
same time against the Covered Bond Guarantor, provided that the Covered 
Bonds will not otherwise contain a cross default provision and will thus not 
cross accelerate against the Covered Bond Guarantor in case of an Issuer 
Event of Default. 
Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Test  
The Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is intended to provide liquidity for Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds when the Issuer’s long-term credit ratings fall below 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Rating. 
 
On any Business Day (each a Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date) falling

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period prior to the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the Calculation Agent will determine if the Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Test has been breached, and if so, it shall immediately notify the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Hedging Counterparties and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
 
For the purpose of this paragraph the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is 
complied with on any Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date if, during the Pre-
Maturity Rating Period, the Issuer’s short-term credit rating is greater than 
or equal to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Rating.  
 
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of a Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer shall: 
 
(a) 
make a cash deposit in an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount of the Series or Tranche of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test 
relates on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account, opened in its 
name with a bank whose ratings are at least equal to the 
Minimum Required Account Bank Rating provided for under 
the Transaction Documents and pledged in favour of the 
Covered Bondholders; or 
 
(b) 
obtain a first demand, autonomous guarantee (meeting the 
criteria set forth by the Rating Agency) for an amount equal 
to the Required Redemption Amount of the Series or 
Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test relates, by an eligible entity whose 
ratings are at least equal to the Minimum Required Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Guarantor Rating; or 
 
(c) 
take action in the form of a combination of the foregoing 
which in aggregate add up to an amount equal to the 
Required Redemption Amount of the Series or Tranche of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Test relates; 
 
and/or 
 
(ii) 
the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, shall sell, subject to any pre-emption right of the Seller or 
any Additional Seller (as the case may be) pursuant to the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement, Selected Assets and Integration Assets 
in accordance with the procedures set out in the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, for an amount equal to the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount of the Series or Tranche of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test 
relates. 
 
If the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds 
is breached and the Issuer or the Servicer (on behalf of the Covered Bond

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
Guarantor) has not taken the required actions (as described above) following 
the breach by the earlier to occur of: 
 
(a) 
20 Business Days from the date on which the Issuer is notified of 
the breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test, and 
 
(b) 
the Maturity Date of that Series of Covered Bonds, 
 
an Issuer Event of Default shall occur and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will serve a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. 
Pre-Issuer Default 
Interest Priority 
of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay (or following the withdrawal of an Article 
74 Notice to Pay), the Covered Bond Guarantor will use Interest Available 
Funds to make payments due on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make 
provisions towards payments due after such Guarantor Payment Date in the 
order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof any and all taxes due and payable by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor;  
 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Covered Bond Guarantor’s documented fees, 
costs, expenses, in order to preserve its corporate existence, to 
maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation and any other obligation relating to the Programme, to the 
extent that such costs and expenses are not to be paid under any other 
item ranking junior hereto and/or are not met by utilising any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account and/or the 
Corporate Account and (b) to credit the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Disbursement Amount into the Expenses Account and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor Retention Amount into the Corporate Account; 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof any amount due and payable (including fees, costs 
and expenses) to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Account Banks, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Paying 
Agent, the Servicer, the Special Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates 
(if any), the First Special Servicer’s Delegates (if any), and the Swap 
Service Providers;  
 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payments, other than in 
respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date, under the Swap Agreements and (b) to credit to the Relevant 
Investment Account an amount equal to the Interest Accumulation 
Amount, to be used for any interest payment due on the CB Payment 
Dates falling during the immediately following Guarantor Interest 
Period, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds in relation to

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
which (i) no Liability Swaps have been entered into or (ii) the 
relevant Liability Swaps have been terminated; 
 
(v) 
fifth, if a Reserve Fund Rating Event occurs and is continuing, to 
credit to the Relevant Investment Account an amount equal to the 
Reserve Fund Required Amount; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to credit to the Relevant Investment Account an amount equal 
to the amounts paid under item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Default Principal 
Priority of Payments on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date and 
not yet repaid; 
 
(vii) 
seventh, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, to credit all 
remaining Interest Available Funds to the Relevant Investment 
Account until such Servicer Termination Event is either remedied by 
the Servicer or waived by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or a new servicer is appointed to service the Portfolio; 
 
(viii) eighth, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test or any of the Tests is not 
satisfied on the Calculation Date immediately preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date or an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default has occurred on or prior to such 
Guarantor Payment Date or the Issuer has not paid interest and 
principal due on the CB Payment Dates falling in the immediately 
preceding Guarantor Interest Period or on the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date, to credit all remaining Interest Available Funds to the 
Relevant Investment Account until the following Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay any amount arising out of any termination event under 
any Swap Agreements not provided for under item (iv) above; 
 
(x) 
tenth, to pay any other amount due and payable to the Seller, the 
Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction 
Document (other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement);  
 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof any amount due and payable as Base Interest 
Amount under the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay any Additional Interest Amount under the 
Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement;  
 
(the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments). 
Pre-Issuer Default 
Principal Priority 
of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay (or following the withdrawal of an Article 
74 Notice to Pay), the Covered Bond Guarantor will use Principal Available 
Funds to make payments due on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make 
provisions towards payments due after such Guarantor Payment Date in the 
order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full):

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) to (iv) of the 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments, to the extent that the 
Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor 
Payment Date, to make such payments in full;  
 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of 
principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
Asset Swaps and (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect 
of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under 
the Liability Swaps or to credit to the Relevant Investment Account 
an amount equal to the Liability Swap Principal Accumulation 
Amount to be used for Hedging Senior Payment under the Liability 
Swaps after the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(iii) 
third, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test (if applicable) is satisfied, to 
pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, the purchase price of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets offered for sale by the Seller or any Additional 
Sellers in the context of Revolving Assignment in accordance with 
the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement;  
 
(iv) 
fourth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account with an amount equal 
to the lesser of (a) the Principal Available Funds available under this 
item and (b) the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount; 
(v) 
fifth, to deposit on the Relevant Investment Account any residual 
Principal Available Funds in an amount sufficient to ensure that, 
taking into account the other resources available to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Tests are met;  
 
(vi) 
sixth, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, all residual 
Principal Available Funds to be credited to the Relevant Investment 
Account until such event of default of the Servicer is either remedied 
by the Servicer or waived by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or a new servicer is appointed to service the Portfolio; 
 
(vii) 
seventh, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test or any of the Tests and/or 
the Liquidity Reserve Target Amount are not satisfied on the 
Calculation Date immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date or an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred on or prior to such 
Guarantor Payment Date or the Issuer has not paid interest and 
principal due on the CB Payment Dates falling in the immediately 
preceding Guarantor Interest Period or on the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date, to credit all remaining Principal Available Funds to 
the Relevant Investment Account or on the Liquidity Buffer Account, 
as the case may be; 
 
(viii) eight, to pay any amount arising out of any termination event under 
any Swap Agreements not provided for under item (ii) above;

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay any other amount due and payable to the Seller, the 
Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction 
Document (other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement) not already 
provided for under item (x) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority 
of Payments; 
 
(x) 
tenth, to pay the amount (if any) due to the Seller as principal 
redemption under the Subordinated Loan (including as a 
consequence of richiesta di rimborso anticipato as indicated therein) 
subject to the provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
provided that the Tests, the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test and the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount are still satisfied after such 
payment; 
 
(the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments). 
Post-Issuer 
Default Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following either an Article 74 Notice to 
Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or an Issuer Event of Default, but prior 
to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make payments 
due on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make provisions towards 
payments due after such Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority set 
out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any expenses and taxes, in order to preserve its 
corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply 
with applicable legislation; 
 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Account Banks, the Cash Manager, 
the Administrative Services Provider, the Calculation Agent, the 
Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Paying Agent, the 
Servicer, the Special Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the 
First Special Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the Swap Service 
Providers and the Back-up Servicer (if appointed), and (b) to credit 
the Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount into the 
Expenses Account and the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention 
Amount into the Corporate Account;  
 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect 
of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, 
under the Swap Agreements and (b) to pay any interest amount due 
and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds on each CB Payment 
Date falling on such Guarantor Payment Date or to credit to the 
Relevant Investment Account an amount equal to the Interest 
Accumulation Amount, to be used for any interest payment due on 
the CB Payment Dates falling during the immediately following

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
Guarantor Interest Period (except if the relevant CB Payment Date 
falls on the first day of such immediately following Guarantor 
Interest Period), in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds in relation 
to which (i) no Liability Swaps have been entered into or (ii) the 
relevant Liability Swaps have been terminated;  
 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of 
principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, in respect of 
principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under 
the Liability Swaps or to credit to the Relevant Investment Account 
an amount equal to the Liability Swap Principal Accumulation 
Amount to be used for Hedging Senior Payments under the Liability 
Swaps during the next following Guarantor Interest Period, and (c) to 
pay any amount in respect of principal due and payable on each 
Series of Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date falling on such 
Guarantor Payment Date or to credit to the Relevant Investment 
Account any amount in respect of principal to be paid on each CB 
Payment Dates falling during the next following Guarantor Interest 
Period; 
 
(v) 
fifth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account with an amount equal to 
the lesser of (i) the Available Funds available under this item and (ii) 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount; 
(vi) 
sixth, to deposit on the Relevant Investment Account any residual 
amount until all Covered Bonds are fully repaid or an amount equal 
to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered 
Bonds outstanding has been accumulated; 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount arising out of any termination event 
under any Swap Agreement not provided for under items (iii) and 
(iv) above; 
 
(viii) eighth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any 
Series have been repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding 
has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any other amount due and payable to 
the Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any 
Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement); 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any 
Series have been repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding 
has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as Base Interest 
Amount under the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
tenth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any 
Series have been repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding 
has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as principal under 
the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; 
 
(xi) 
eleventh, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any 
Series have been repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding 
has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as Additional 
Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
 
(the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments).  
Post-Guarantor 
Default Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (or a 
receiver appointed on its behalf) will use the Available Funds to make 
payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to 
the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any expenses and taxes; 
 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, (a) to pay any amounts due and payable to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Account Banks, the 
Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Administrative Services 
Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Servicer, the 
Special Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special 
Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the Swap Service Providers and the 
Back-up Servicer (if appointed), and (b) to credit an amount up to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount into the Expenses 
Account and the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount into the 
Corporate Account;  
 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect 
of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, 
under the Swap Agreements and (b) to pay any amount, other than in 
respect of principal, due and payable on each Series of Covered 
Bonds;  
 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of 
principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, under 
the Swap Agreements and (b) to pay any amount in respect of 
principal due and payable under each Series of Covered Bonds on 
such Guarantor Payment Date;

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount arising out of any termination event 
under any Swap Agreements not provided for under items (iii) and 
(iv) above;  
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any other amount due and payable to the Seller, the 
Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction 
Document (other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due as Base Interest Amount under the 
Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; 
 
(viii) eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amounts due as principal under the 
Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due as Additional Interest Amount 
under the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement; 
 
(the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments and, together with the 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Pre-Issuer Default 
Interest Priority of Payments, the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments, 
are collectively referred to as the Priorities of Payments). 
 
4. 
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE PORTFOLIO  
Transfer of the 
Portfolio 
The Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor entered into the Master Transfer 
Agreement, pursuant to which the Seller (a) transferred to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor the Initial Portfolio comprising the Initial MBS Notes and (b) 
may assign and transfer Further Portfolios comprising Eligible Assets and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
from time to time, in the cases and subject to the limits on the transfer of 
further Eligible Assets as provided for under the Master Transfer 
Agreement.  
 
Each assignment of a Further Portfolio shall be aimed at: 
 
(a) 
issuing further Covered Bonds, to be funded through the amounts 
made available under the Subordinated Loan Agreement (an 
Issuance Collateralisation Assignment); or 
 
(b) 
purchasing additional Eligible Assets utilising the principal 
Collections received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Eligible Assets which are part of the Portfolio in accordance with 
the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments (a Revolving 
Assignment of Eligible Assets); or

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
purchasing additional Eligible Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid 
Assets, utilising the principal Collections received by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets which are part of the Portfolio in accordance with the 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments (a Revolving 
Assignment of Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets and, 
together with Revolving Assignments of Eligible Assets, Revolving 
Assignments); or 
 
(d) 
complying with the Mandatory Tests and/or the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount and/or the Exposure Limit and preventing the breach 
of the Tests and/or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the 
Exposure Limit, in accordance with the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement and the Master Transfer Agreement (an Integration 
Assignment). 
 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, and subject to the conditions 
provided therein, the Seller shall also be allowed to repurchase Receivables 
and/or Securities and/or Liquid Assets and/or Integration Assets which have 
been assigned to the Covered Bond Guarantor.  
 
The Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets will be 
assigned and transferred to the Covered Bond Guarantor without recourse 
(pro soluto) and as a block (in blocco), in case of Receivables, in accordance 
with Law 130 and subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
Representations 
and Warranties of 
the Seller 
Under the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller has made certain 
representations and warranties regarding itself, the Receivables, the 
Securities and the Mortgage Loan Agreements including, inter alia:  
 
(i) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the Transaction 
Documents and assume the obligations expressed to be assumed by it 
therein; 
 
(ii) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of the 
obligations assumed by it; 
 
(iii) 
the existence of the Receivables and the Securities and the full, 
unconditional, legal title of the Seller to the Initial Portfolio; 
 
(iv) 
the validity and enforceability against the relevant Debtor of the 
obligations from which the Initial Portfolio arises, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements. 
General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables included in any Portfolio shall comply, as of the 
relevant Selection Date, with the following criteria (the General Criteria):  
 
(a) 
in case of Receivables arising from residential mortgage loans 
(mutui ipotecari residenziali): 
 
(i) 
receivables deriving from loans secured by residential 
property up to the lesser of the principal amount of the liens 
that are combined with any prior liens and 80% of the value

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
of the pledged properties, in accordance with Article 129, 
par. 1, letter (d) of the CRR; 
 
(ii) 
receivables in respect of which the hardening period 
(periodo di consolidamento) applicable to the relevant 
mortgage has elapsed and the relevant mortgage is not 
capable of being challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the 
Insolvency Law, or Article 166 of the Crisis Code or, to the 
extent applicable, Article 39, Paragraph 4, of the Banking 
Law; 
 
(iii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans granted by Intesa 
Sanpaolo or a bank being part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
at the time of the relevant assignment; 
 
(iv) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are governed 
by Italian law; 
 
(v) 
receivables which are not qualified as defaulted (in 
sofferenza), “unlikely-to-pay” or past due instalments 
(esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti deteriorate) within the 
meaning ascribed to such term under the Bank of Italy 
Circolare no. 272 dated 30 July 2008 (Matrice dei Conti); 
 
(vi) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which provide for 
the payment by the debtor of monthly, quarterly or semi-
annual instalments; 
 
(vii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which have been 
granted to consumer - producer households (famiglie 
produttrici o consumatrici) (also acting in the form of 
informal partnership (società semplice and società di fatto) 
or individual concerns (impresa individuale)); 
 
(viii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are fully 
disbursed; 
 
(ix) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which do not 
provide for any subsidy or other benefit in relation to 
principal or interest (mutui agevolati); 
 
(x) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which have not 
been granted to employees of companies which are part of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, or jointly (in cointestazione) 
with them; 
 
(b) 
in case of Receivables arising from commercial mortgage loans 
(mutui ipotecari commerciali): 
 
(i) 
receivables deriving from loans secured by commercial 
immovable property up to the lesser of the principal amount 
of the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 60% 
of the value of the pledged properties from, in accordance 
with Article 129, par. 1, letter (f) of the CRR;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
receivables in respect of which the hardening period 
(periodo di consolidamento) applicable to the relevant 
mortgage has elapsed and the relevant mortgage is not 
capable of being challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the 
Insolvency Law, Article 166 of the Crisis Code or, to the 
extent applicable, Article 39, Paragraph 4, of the Banking 
Law; 
 
(iii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans granted by Intesa 
Sanpaolo or a bank being part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
at the time of the relevant assignment; 
 
(iv) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are governed 
by Italian law; 
 
(v) 
receivables which are not qualified as defaulted (in 
sofferenza), “unlikely-to-pay” or past due instalments 
(esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti deteriorate) within the 
meaning ascribed to such term under the Bank of Italy 
Circolare no. 272 dated 30 July 2008 (Matrice dei Conti); 
 
(vi) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which provide for 
the payment by the debtor of monthly, quarterly or semi-
annual instalments; 
 
(vii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are fully 
disbursed; 
 
(viii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which do not 
provide for any subsidy or other benefit in relation to 
principal or interest (mutui agevolati); 
 
(ix) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which have not 
been granted to employees of companies which are part of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, or jointly (in cointestazione) 
with them. 
 
All Receivables included in any relevant Portfolio shall also comply with the 
Specific Criteria set out under the relevant Transfer Agreement.   
 
Each of the Securities included in any Portfolio shall comply, as of the 
relevant Selection Date, with all of the following characteristics: 
 
(a) 
until the Implementation Date, in case of securities deriving from 
securitisation transactions, the relevant Portfolio shall be constituted, 
for at least 95 per cent., of receivables or securities indicated under 
Article 2, Paragraph 1 (a) and (b) of the MEF Decree or issued in the 
context of a securitisation transaction which fulfils the requirements 
as set out (i) in article 80 of the Guidelines (EU) 2015/510 of the 
European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 on the implementation 
of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60); (ii) 
in the regulation 575/2013/CE, in relation to covered bonds; and (iii) 
in the BoI OBG Regulations, (each of them, as amended and/or

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
replaced from time to time); 
 
(b) 
until the Implementation Date, in case of securities issued by a bank, 
(i) such bank shall have its registered office in an Eligible State or in 
a State which attract a risk weight factor equal to 0 per cent. under 
the “standardised approach” to credit risk measurement and (ii) 
such securities shall have a residual maturity not longer than one 
year; 
 
(c) 
securities issued by central governments meeting the requirements 
of, (i) until the Implementation Date, Article 2, Paragraph 1, lett. (c) 
of the MEF Decree, as amended and/or replaced from time to time; 
and (ii) from the Implementation Date, Article 129, Paragraph 1, 
lett. (a) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
 
Eligible States shall mean any States belonging to the European Economic 
Space and Switzerland. 
 
standardised approach is the approach to credit risk measurements as 
defined under Directive 2006/48/EC.  
 
Integration Assets 
Integration Assets means (i) the assets referred to in Article 129, Paragraph 
1, letter (c) which meet the requirements of Article 129, Paragraph 1(a) of 
the CRR and of the art. 7-novies of Law 130, and (ii) any debt securities or 
other exposures referred to in Article 129, Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of 
the CRR. 
 
 
Liquid Assets 
Liquid Assets means the assets referred to in Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 
2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, provided that such assets meet the 
requirements to qualify as eligible assets under Article 129 of the CRR and 
Law 130 also in the form of substitution assets. 
Excluded Assets 
On the basis of the information provided by the Servicer and in accordance 
with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the 
Calculation Agent shall identify (a) the Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in excess of the Exposure Limit to be excluded from the Eligible 
Portfolio (the Excluded Assets), and (b) the corresponding portion of the 
hedging arrangements (if any). For the avoidance of any doubt, assets under 
point (a) and the related hedging portion under point (b) will be excluded 
from the calculation of the Tests with the objective of obtaining a 
combination of Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Eligible 
Portfolio, net of exclusions, that would allow compliance with the Tests, if 
possible. 
 
On the basis of the information provided by the Calculation Agent, the 
Servicer may sell the Excluded Assets and the Cash Manager shall invest the 
amounts deriving from such sale in Eligible Investments. 
Tests 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement and the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
provisions of Law 130, for so long as any Covered Bond remains 
outstanding and provided that no Issuer Event of Default has occurred, the 
Issuer shall procure that, on a continuing basis (provided that such obligation 
shall be deemed to be complied with if the following mandatory tests are 
satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which those 
mandatory tests are to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents), 
the following mandatory tests are satisfied and verified on each Calculation 
Date or any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents: 
 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of the Portfolio shall be greater than or equal to 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of all Series of Covered 
Bonds (the Nominal Value Test); 
 
(ii) 
the aggregate Net Present Value of (i) the Eligible Portfolio 
(taking into account any Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess 
of the Exposure Limit transferred pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement for purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test) and 
(ii) each Asset Swap and Liability Swap, net of the Excluded Swaps and 
the transaction costs to be borne by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(including the payments of any nature expected to be borne or due with 
respect to any Swap Agreement) shall be greater than or equal to the Net 
Present Value of all Series of the outstanding Covered Bonds (the NPV 
Test); 
 
(iii) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio (taking into 
account any Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the 
Exposure Limit transferred pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement for 
purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test) shall be greater than 
or equal to the Interest Payments (the Interest Coverage Test). 
 
Moreover, in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, for 
so long as any Covered Bond remains outstanding and following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and service of a Notice to Pay by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer shall procure that 
on a continuing basis (provided that such obligation shall be deemed to be 
complied with if the following test is satisfied on each Calculation Date 
and/or on each other date on which that test is to be carried out pursuant to 
the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents), the following test and the following verifications 
are satisfied and verified on each Calculation Date: 
 
(iv) 
the Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount shall be greater 
than or equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds 
(the Amortisation Test and, together with the Mandatory Tests, the 
Tests), and 
(v) 
the Observed Eligible OC Amount shall be greater than or equal to 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the OC 
Verification). 
 
Compliance with the Tests will be verified by the Calculation Agent on each

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
Calculation Date and on any other date on which the verification of the Tests 
is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and subsequently 
checked by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement.  
 
In addition to the above, following the occurrence of a breach of the 
Mandatory Tests, based on the information provided by the Servicer with 
reference to the last day of each preceding calendar month (starting from the 
date on which such breach has been notified, and until 6 (six) months after 
the date on which such breach has been cured pursuant to the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement) the Calculation Agent shall verify compliance 
with the Mandatory Tests not later than the thirty-fifth calendar day 
following the end of each preceding calendar month. 
 
For a detailed description of the Tests see the section headed “Credit 
Structure – Tests”. 
Breach of the 
Tests 
In order to cure a breach of the Mandatory Tests: 
 
(a) 
the Seller shall sell sufficient Eligible Assets or Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Master 
Transfer Agreement as soon as possible upon receipt of the notice given to it 
pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, and in any case no later 
than the Calculation Date immediately following the notification of such 
breach, and shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the purchase 
price of such Eligible Assets or Integration Assets or Liquid Assets to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under and in accordance with the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement including, if necessary, by increasing the Maximum 
Amount of the Subordinated Loan, by means of prior written notice to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor; or 
 
(b) 
following a failure by the Seller to cure the Mandatory Tests in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above, or following the occurrence of one of 
the events indicated in Clause 20.1 (Cause di Estinzione dell’Obbligo di 
Acquisto), (a) (Inadempimento di obblighi da parte del Cedente), (b) 
(Violazione delle dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del Cedente), (c) 
(Mutamento sostanzialmente pregiudizievole) and (d) (Crisi) of the Master 
Transfer Agreement, the Additional Sellers (if any) shall sell sufficient 
Eligible Assets or Integration Assets or Liquid Assets to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement as 
soon as possible, and in any case no later than the Calculation Date 
immediately following the notification of such breach, and shall grant the 
funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of such Eligible Assets or 
Integration Assets or Liquid Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
accordance with the subordinated loan agreement to be entered into with any 
such Additional Seller pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Mandatory Tests are met 
as soon as practicable, and, in the event of sale of Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets, subject to, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, the Exposure Limit.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
A breach of any of the Mandatory Tests which is not remedied by the 
Calculation Date immediately following the notification of such breach 
constitutes an Issuer Event of Default. 
 
A breach of the Amortisation Test constitutes a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default.  
Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and the 
BoI OBG Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and on each 
Calculation Date or on any other date on which the calculation of the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is required to be met pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents, that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the 
credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum Net 
Cumulative Liquidity Outflow of the Programme (the “Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount”). 
In accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (c), of Law 130, 
the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts shall be considered 
to contribute to the Eligible Portfolio, provided that such liquid assets satisfy 
the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 7-novies, 
paragraph 1, letter (a), of Law 130. 
The Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made 
available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Calculation Date and on any 
other date on which the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. Such verification is 
subsequently checked by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the 
provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Breach of the 
Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount 
If the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, the Mandatory Tests 
are not breached and the Issuer event of Default has not occurred, then the 
Issuer (as Seller) shall, as soon as possible,sell Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance 
with the Master Transfer Agreement or by granting to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor funds under the Subordinated Loan Agreement if needed in an 
aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount is reached as soon as practicable.  
If after an Issuer Event of Default and delivery of a Notice to Pay, the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, and the Mandatory Tests are 
not breached, then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient amount of assets necessary 
to reach the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, provided that such sale should 
not cause a breach of the Mandatory Test at the following Calculation Date. 
If the breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not remedied within 
the Calculation Date immediately following the notification of such breach 
as confirmed by the Asset Monitor Report, the Issuer shall not issue further 
series of Covered Bonds compliant with Law 130 and the Covered Bond 
Directive. 
Exposure Limit 
The Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the 
aggregate amount of the Integration Assets and the Liquidity Assets shall 
comply with the Exposure Limit on each Calculation Date and on any other 
date on which the verification of the Exposure Limit is required pursuant to 
the Transaction Documents. Such verification is subsequently checked by 
the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Breach of the 
Exposure Limit 
If, on any date until the occurrence of the Issuer event of Default and if the 
Mandatory Tests are not breached, the Exposure Limit is breached, the 
Issuer shall, alternatively: 
(a) in its capacity as Seller, sell sufficient Assets, Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Master 
Transfer Agreement; and/or 
(b) in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider, request the Guarantor to 
reimburse the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; and/or  
(c) in its capacity as Cash Manager to invest part of the Liquid Assets in 
excess of the Exposure Limit in form of Securities eligible under Article 
129, Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR,  
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Exposure Limit is 
complied with as soon as practicable.   
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the Amortisation 
Test is not breached, if the Exposure Limit is breached, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on the basis of the Asset Cover Report shall 
give instructions to the Cash Manager to invest all of part of the amounts 
standing on the Investment Account in Liquid Assets in form of securities 
eligible under Article 129, Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR. 
Observed Eligible 
OC Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made 
available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the 
Observed Eligible OC Amount is met on each Calculation Date and on any 
other date on which the verification of the Observed Eligible OC Amount is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. Such verification is 
subsequently checked by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the 
provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Breach of the 
Observed Eligible 
OC Amount 
If the Observed Eligible OC Amount is not reached, then: 
(a) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall give instructions to 
the Cash Manager to invest all or part of the amounts standing on the 
Investment Account in Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under 
Article 129, Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR, and/or; 
(b) instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non-eligible 
assets (if any) necessary to reach the Observed Eligible OC Amount. 
Role of the Asset 
Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will verify the calculations performed by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the 
Exposure Limit and the Observed Eligible OC Amount, subject to receipt of 
the relevant information from the Calculation Agent. The Asset Monitor will

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
also perform the other activities provided for under the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Sale of Selected 
Assets, 
Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets 
following the 
occurrence of an 
Article 74 Event 
or an Issuer Event 
of Default 
Following the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or of a Notice to Pay and prior to the occurrence of any Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default, if necessary in order to effect timely 
payments under the Covered Bonds and/or in order to meet the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount and the Observed Eligible OC Amount, as resulting 
from the Payments Report, the Servicer, or any other third party appointed 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on 
behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall sell Selected Assets in 
accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-
emption right of the Seller or the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be 
credited to the Relevant Investment Account. 
Following the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or of a Notice to Pay (and prior to the occurrence of any 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default), if necessary in order to effect 
timely payments under the Covered Bonds and/or in order to meet the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Limit, as resulting from 
the Payments Report and upon consultation by the Calculation Agent with 
the Portfolio Manager, all the Integration Assets and Liquid Assets (other 
than cash deposits) shall be sold by the Servicer, or any other third party 
appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name 
and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, at the prevailing market 
conditions as quickly as reasonably practicable. The proceeds of any such 
sale shall be credited to the Relevant Investment Account.  
 
5. 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master Transfer 
Agreement 
On 29 July 2010, the Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor entered into 
the Master Transfer Agreement (as subsequently amended), pursuant to 
which the Seller assigned and transferred, with effective date 2 August 2010, 
the Initial Portfolio to the Covered Bond Guarantor, without recourse (pro 
soluto), in accordance with Law 130. Pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor agreed to pay the Seller a purchase 
price of Euro 5,820,696,137.80. Furthermore, the Seller and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor agreed that the Seller may, from time to time, assign and 
transfer, without recourse (pro soluto), Further Portfolios to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. Under the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller granted 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor certain representations and warranties in 
relation to, inter alia, itself, the Initial Portfolio and any further Eligible 
Assets and/or Integration Assets which shall be included in the Portfolio (see 
the section headed “The Portfolio” and paragraph headed “Master Transfer 
Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents”). 
Subordinated 
Loan Agreement 
Under the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Seller granted the 
Subordinated Loan to the Covered Bond Guarantor, for a maximum amount 
equal to euro 45,000,000,000.00 (the Maximum Amount), or such other

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
amount which will be notified by the Seller, as subordinated loan provider, 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, as amended from time to time. Under the 
provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Seller shall make 
advances to the Covered Bond Guarantor in amounts equal to, inter alia, the 
relevant price of the relevant Portfolio transferred from time to time to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (see paragraph headed “Subordinated Loan 
Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents”). 
Covered Bond 
Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds, in accordance with the provisions of Law 130 
(see paragraph headed “Covered Bond Guarantee” under the section headed 
“Description of the Transaction Documents”). 
Servicing 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Servicing Agreement, inter alia, (i) the Servicer has 
agreed to administer and service the Receivables (with the exception of 
Defaulted Receivables classified as in sofferenza) and the Securities and to 
carry out collection activities relating to the Receivables and the Securities, 
on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor; and (ii) the Special Servicer has 
agreed to administer and service Defaulted Receivables classified as in 
sofferenza. 
 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit monthly and quarterly 
reports to, inter alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Administrative 
Services Provider and the Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the 
Servicing Agreement, containing information as to all the amounts collected 
from time to time by the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Portfolio 
as principal, interest and/or expenses and any payment of damages, as a 
result of the activity of the Servicer and/or the Special Servicer pursuant to 
the Servicing Agreement during the preceding Collection Period. The 
reports will provide the primary source of information relating to the 
Servicer’s and the Special Servicer’s activity during the period, including, 
without limitation, a description of the Portfolio (outstanding amount, 
principal and interest), information relating to delinquencies, defaults and 
collections during the Collection Period as well as asset performance 
analysis (see paragraph headed “Servicing Agreement” under the section 
headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”). 
Administrative 
Services 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Administrative Services Agreement, the 
Administrative Services Provider has agreed to provide the Covered Bond 
Guarantor with a number of administrative services, including keeping of 
the corporate books and of the accounting and tax registers (see paragraph 
headed “Administrative Services Agreement” under the section headed 
“Description of the Transaction Documents”). 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the parties thereto agreed 
that all the Available Funds of the Covered Bond Guarantor will be applied 
in or towards satisfaction of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s payment 
obligations towards the Covered Bondholders as well as the Secured 
Creditors, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided 
for under the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will, subject to a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
having occurred, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in or 
towards satisfaction of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s payment obligations 
towards the Covered Bondholders as well as the Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments provided 
in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
 
The obligations owed by the Covered Bond Guarantor to each of the 
Covered Bondholders and each of the Secured Creditors will be limited 
recourse obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Covered 
Bondholders and the Secured Creditors will have a claim against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each 
case subject to, and as provided for, in the Intercreditor Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents (see paragraph headed “Intercreditor 
Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents”).  
Cash 
Management and 
Agency 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the 
Account Banks, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the 
Servicer, the Administrative Services Provider and the Calculation Agent 
will provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with certain calculation, 
notification and reporting services together with account handling and cash 
management services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the 
credit of the Accounts (see paragraph headed “Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents”). 
Asset Monitor 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor will 
conduct independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by the 
Calculation Agent for the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the 
Exposure Limit and the Observed Eligible OC Amount with a view to 
verifying the compliance by the Covered Bond Guarantor with such tests 
and/or verification (see paragraph headed “Asset Monitor Agreement” under 
the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”). 
Portfolio 
Administration 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, inter alia, the 
Issuer has undertaken certain obligations with respect to the replenishment 
of the Portfolio and/or the sale of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets in order to cure a breach of the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Observed Eligible OC 
Amount (see paragraph headed “Portfolio Administration Agreement” under 
the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”). 
Quotaholders’ 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Quotaholders have 
undertaken certain obligations in relation to the management of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. In addition, Stichting Viridis 2 has granted a call option in 
favour of Intesa Sanpaolo to purchase from Stichting Viridis 2, and Intesa 
Sanpaolo has granted a put option in favour of Stichting Viridis 2 to sell to 
Intesa Sanpaolo, the quota of the Issuer held by Stichting Viridis 2 (see 
paragraph headed “Quotaholders’ Agreement” under the section headed 
“Description of the Transaction Documents”).

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
Pledge Agreement 
Under the terms of the Pledge Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
pledge in favour of the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors all 
monetary claims and rights and all amounts payable from time to time 
(including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and 
guarantees) to which the Covered Bond Guarantor is entitled pursuant to, or 
in relation with, the Italian Law Transaction Documents (see paragraph 
headed “Pledge Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents”). 
Deed of Charge 
and Assignment 
Under the terms of the Deed of Charge and Assignment, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will assign by way of security to and charge in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting in its capacity as security 
trustee for itself and on trust for the Covered Bondholders and the Secured 
Creditors), all of its rights, title, interest and benefit from time to time in and 
to the English Law Transaction Documents (see paragraph headed “Deed of 
Charge and Assignment” under the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents”). 
Accounts 
Pledge Agreement 
Under the terms of the Accounts Pledge Agreement, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor has agreed to pledge (i) the credit balance standing to the credit of 
each of the CA-CIB Investment Account, the CA-CIB Interest Securities 
Collection Account and the CA-CIB Principal Securities Collection Account 
and (ii) the CA-CIB Securities Account and the CA-CIB Eligible 
Investments Account, in favour of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Dealer Agreement 
Under the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the Dealers have been appointed 
as such by the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement contains, inter alia, provisions 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of any of the existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of 
Covered Bonds (see paragraph headed “Dealer Agreement” under the 
section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”). 
Subscription 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will 
agree to subscribe for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and pay the 
Issue Price subject to the conditions set out therein (see paragraph headed 
“Subscription Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents”). 
Swap Agreements 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may enter into one or more swap transactions 
(each a Swap Transaction) with Hedging Counterparties in order to hedge 
certain risks. Each Swap Transaction with a Hedging Counterparty will be 
governed by a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border), 
as published by the International Swap and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA), the Schedule thereto (the Master Agreement) as supplemented by 
a 1995 Credit Support Annex (English Law) published by ISDA (the CSA) 
entered into with that Hedging Counterparty and a confirmation (the Swap 
Confirmation) evidencing the terms of such transaction, all governed by 
English law (the Master Agreement, the CSA and the Swap Confirmations, 
together the Swap Agreement). 
 
The Swap Agreements are governed by English law.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
ISP Mandate 
Agreement 
 
By a mandate agreement entered into on 28 February 2014 between Intesa 
Sanpaolo, as Swap Service Provider, and the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
Intesa Sanpaolo has agreed to provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
certain services due under the Swap Agreement pursuant to the EMIR 
Regulation (the ISP Mandate Agreement). 
Master 
Definitions 
Agreement 
Under the Master Definitions Agreement, the parties thereto have agreed 
upon the definitions of certain terms utilised in the Transaction Documents 
(see paragraph headed “Master Definitions Agreement” under the section 
headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”). 
Provisions of 
Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and 
are deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to them. In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of 
holding a Covered Bond, recognises the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of 
each of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a signatory 
thereto.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could 
result in the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments 
due in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Certain risks which it currently deems not to be material as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor’s control. The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely 
affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under the Covered Bonds.  
In addition, risks which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below.  
The Issuer believes that the risks described below are the main risks inherent in the holding of 
Covered Bonds of any Series issued under the Programme but the inability of the Issuer to pay 
interest or repay principal on the Covered Bonds of any Series may occur for other reasons 
which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently 
available to it or which the Issuer may not currently be able to anticipate. While the various 
structural elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks 
for holders of Covered Bonds of any Series, there can be no assurance that these measures 
will be sufficient or effective to ensure payment to the holders of Covered Bonds of any Series 
of interest or principal on such Covered Bonds on a timely basis or at all. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.  
 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before 
making any investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group and obtain a better appreciation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's abilities to 
satisfy the obligations related to the Covered Bonds issued and described in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Issuer deems that the following risk factors could affect its ability to satisfy its 
obligations arising from the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks relating to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group; 
• 
Risks related to legal proceedings; 
• 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
• 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in 
the regulation on the solution of banking crises; and 
• 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment 
of the applied accounting principles. 
 
Risks related to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
 
Risk exposure to debt Securities issued by sovereign States 
As at 30 June 2024, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by the 
Republic of Italy amounted to €21.5 billion. It compared to €22.5 billion as at 31 December 
2023. 
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as Italy's rating 
downgrading or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, might have negative effects 
on the assets, the economic and/or financial situation, the operational results and the 
perspectives of the Bank. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group results are and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to 
the Republic of Italy and certain major European Countries. 
As at 31 December 2023, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by the 
Republic of Italy amounted to €22.5 billion (2.3% of the total assets of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group) excluding the insurance business, to which should be added €8.2 billion represented 
by loans. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU 
countries, Republic of Italy included, corresponded to €65.4 billion (6.8% of the total assets of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) excluding the insurance business, to which should be added €10.7 
billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central 
banks and other public entities represented approximately 13% of the total financial assets 
(calculated excluding the insurance business and including financial assets represented by due 
from banks and loans to customers). 
As at 31 December 2022, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by the 
Republic of Italy amounted to €26.9 billion (3% of the total assets of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group) excluding the insurance business, to which should be added approximately €8 billion 
represented by loans. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by 
EU countries, including the Republic of Italy, corresponded to approximately €56 billion (6% 
of the total assets of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) excluding the insurance business, to which 
should be added approximately €10 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities 
issued by governments, central banks and other public entities represented approximately 11% 
of the total financial assets (calculated excluding the insurance business and including 
financial assets represented by due from banks and loans to customers).

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
As at 30 June 2024, there were a total of around 10,300 non tax related disputes, pending at 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group level -excluding those involving Risanamento S.p.A, which is not 
subject to management and coordination by Intesa Sanpaolo- pending at Group level(in 
addition to around 20,800 “mass” disputes at the international subsidiary banks, which, as a 
whole, account for a very low remedy sought) with a total remedy sought of around 3,370 
million euro. This amount includes all  disputes, for which the risk of a disbursement of 
financial resources resulting from a potential negative outcome has been deemed possible or 
likely  and therefore does not include disputes for which risk has been deemed remote.  The 
risks associated with these disputes are thoroughly and individually analysed by the Parent 
Company and Group companies.  Specific and appropriate provisions have been made to the 
allowances for risks and charges in the event of disputes for which there is an estimated 
probability of a disbursement of more than 50% and where the amount of the disbursement 
may be reliably estimated (disputes with likely risk). Without prejudice to the uncertainty 
inherent in all litigation, the estimate of the obligations that could arise from the disputes and 
hence the amount of any provisions recognised are based on the forward-looking assessments 
of the outcome of the trial. These forward-looking assessments are, in any event, prepared on 
the basis of all information available at the time of the estimate and updated over the course 
of the proceedings.  
The disputes with likely risk are about 23,200 (of which around 16,600 relating to the above- 
mentioned “mass” disputes) with a remedy sought of €1,698 million and provisions of 659 
million euro. Compared to the last year, there was a decrese in the number of disputes, which 
mainly concerned disputes certain loan contractual topics relating to the subsidiary Banca 
Intesa Beograd. The component referring to the Parent Company, totals around 5,000 
disputes, with a remedy sought of €1,420 million and provisions of €457 million. These 
include around 2,600 positions relating to disputes concerning anatocism. There were around 
500 disputes relating to other Italian subsidiaries, with a remedy sought of €160 million and 
provisions of €82 million. In Italy, most of them relate to issues of anatocism (2,600 
positions). 
With regard to the international subsidiaries, there were around 17,700 disputes with a 
remedy sought of €118 million and provisions of €120 million, impacted by the previously 
mentioned mass disputes. Specifically, there were around 14,000 disputes relating to the 
subsidiary Banca Intesa Beograd in relation to two areas of litigation that have involved the 
entire Serbian banking system. The first concerns processing fees charged by banks when 
granting loans and the second relates to real estate loans insured through the National 
Housing Loan Insurance Corporation (NKOSK). 
The most common legal disputes are related to invalidity, cancellation, inefficacy actions or 
compensation for damages as a consequence of transactions related to the ordinary banking 
and financial activity carried out by the Bank. 
For any individual assessment regarding legal disputes, please refer to the section entitled 
"Description of the Issuer – Legal Proceedings" of this Base Prospectus. Such paragraph also 
includes information concerning the disputes on the marketing of convertible and/or 
subordinated shares/bonds issued by Banca Popolare di Vicenza or Veneto Banca, which filed 
against respectively Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (both subsequently merged by 
incorporation in Intesa Sanpaolo 2018 and 2019 respectively). 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the 
macro-economic context 
The future development in the macro-economic context may be considered as a risk as it may 
produce negative effects and trends in the economic and financial situation of the Bank and/or 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Any negative variations of the factors described hereafter, in particular during periods of 
economic - financial crisis, could lead the Bank and/or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to suffer 
losses, increases of financing costs, and reductions of the value of the assets held, with a 
potentially negative impact on the liquidity of the Bank and/or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and 
its financial soundness. 
The trends of the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are affected by the general, national 
and economic situation of the Eurozone, the dynamics of financial markets and the soundness 
and growth prospects of the economy of other geographic areas in which the Bank and/or the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates.  
In particular, the profitability capacity and solvency of the Bank and/or the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group are affected by the trends of certain factors, such as the investors' expectations and 
trust, the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, exchange rates, 
financial markets liquidity, availability and cost of capital, sustainability of sovereign debt, 
household incomes and consumer spending, unemployment levels, business profitability and 
capital spending, inflation and housing prices. 
The macro-economic framework is currently characterised by significant profiles of 
uncertainty, in relation to: (a) the risk of energy supply disruptions and their effects on 
economic activity and prices, also in relation to ongoing armed conflicts; (b) the future 
developments of the European Central Bank ("ECB") monetary policies in the Euro area and 
of the US Federal Reserve ("FED") in the US Dollar area; (c) the tensions observed, on a 
more or less recurrent basis, on the financial markets; (d) the risk that, in the future, holders of 
Italian government debt lose confidence in the credit standing of the Republic of Italy, owing 
to domestic political developments, changes in budgetary policies affecting the sustainability 
of government debtor turmoil in other member states of the euro area. 
The precise impact on the business of the Issuer and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is difficult to 
determine. As such, no assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds and/or the market 
value and/or the liquidity of the Covered Bonds in the secondary market. 
Credit risk 
We would like to note that, as of 30 September 2024, Intesa Sanpaolo recorded a gross NPL 
ratio (based on European Banking Authority ("EBA") metrics) of 1.9%. On 31 December 
2023, the same data corresponded to 1.8%, compared to 1.9% recorded on 31 December 
2022 well below the threshold which identifies banks in Member States across the Euro area 
with high levels of non-performing loans. In this regard the credit institutions which recorded 
a gross NPL ratio higher than 5% are required – on the grounds of the "Guidelines on 
management of non-performing and forborne exposures" of EBA – to prepare specific 
strategic and operative plans for the management of such exposures. 
Taking into consideration the pattern of the main credit risk indicators in 2023, in the first 
nine months of 2024 and the improvement of the Gross NPL ratio well below the 5% 
threshold, Intesa Sanpaolo deems that the risk related to credit quality is of low relevance.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
The economic and financial activity and soundness of the Bank depends on its borrower's 
creditworthiness. The Bank is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity. 
Therefore, the clients' breach of the agreements entered into and of their underlying 
obligations, or any lack of information or incorrect information provided by them as to their 
respective financial and credit position, could have negative effects on the economic and/or 
financial situation of the Bank. Furthermore, any exposures in the bank portfolio towards 
counterparties, groups of connected counterparties and counterparties of the same economic 
sector, which perform the same activity or belong to the same geographic area, could increase 
the Bank concentration risk. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the 
Bank by reason of bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other 
reason. The bankruptcy of an important stakeholder, or any concerns about its default, could 
cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults by other institutions, which, in turn, could 
negatively affect the Bank. The Bank may also be subject to the risk, under specific 
circumstances, that some of its credits towards third parties are no longer collectable. 
Furthermore, a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties, including sovereign States, of 
which the Bank holds securities or bonds, might cause losses and/or negatively affect the 
ability of the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for 
liquidity purposes. A significant decrease of the creditworthiness of the counterparties of the 
Bank might, therefore, have a negative impact on the results of the Bank's performances. 
However, in many cases, the Bank could require further guarantees to the counterparties 
which are in financial difficulties, certain disputes may arise with respect to the amount of 
guarantee that the Bank is entitled to receive and the value of the assets which are the object 
of the guarantee. The default rates, counterparties rating deterioration and disputes in relation 
to counterparties on the guaranteed appraisal could be significantly increased during periods 
of market tensions and illiquidity. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has always managed its risk portfolio proactively and prudently, overcoming 
the various crises of recent years unscathed. Over the 2022-25 planning horizon, the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group intends to pursue a modular de-risking strategy – which was already 
launched in the last Business Plan with significant results – ranking among the best in Europe 
in terms of NPL ratios and stock (a Zero-NPL Bank) and generating a sharp drop in the cost of 
risk. The implementation of the 2022-2025 Business Plan is proceeding at full speed. 
The results for the first nine months of 2024 confirm that Intesa Sanpaolo is able to generate 
sustainable profitability even in complex environments thanks to its well-diversified and 
resilient business model. As at 30 September 2024, the Group’s gross non-performing loans 
amounted to 9.6 billion euro, down by €317 million (-3.2%) compared to December 2023. 
Their ratio to total loans decreased slightly to 2.2% and to 1.1% net of related provisions for 
impairments (2.3% and 1.2% respectively at the end of 2023). According to the EBA 
methodology, on the same date the NPL ratio stood at 1.9% and 0.9% before and after 
adjustments (respectively 1.8% and 0.9% the end of 2023). This result was attributable to the 
ongoing de-risking initiatives and also reflect an amount of non-performing loans classified as 
asset held for sale, having met the conditions for applicability based on IFRS 5. The process 
of NPL deleveraging also continued to benefit from modest new inflows from performing 
loans due to the performance of the prevention initiatives. 
As at 30 September 2024, the net non-performing loans of the Group amounted to €4,737 
million, lower than the figure recorded as at 31 December 2023 (€4,980 million), and 
representing a new all-time low, continuing the virtuous trend already recorded in the previous 
quarters. In further detail, in September 2024 bad loans amounted to €1,109 million (+18%

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
from 31 December 2023), net of adjustments, representing 0.3% of total net loans with a 
coverage ratio of 69.7%. Loans included in the unlikely-to-pay category amounted to €3.2 
billion, down by 10.9%, accounting for 0.7% of total net loans to customers, with a coverage 
ratio of 40.1%. Past-due loans amounted to €441 million (-5.2% from the end of 2023), with a 
coverage ratio of 31.0%. 
Intesa Sanpaolo continues to operate as a growth accelerator in the real economy in Italy: in 
the first nine months of 2024, medium/long-term new lending granted by the group to Italian 
households and businesses amounted to around €30 billion. In the first nine months of 2024, 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group facilitated the return to performing status of around 2,250 
companies, thus safeguarding around 11,000 jobs. This brought the total to over 143,000 
companies since 2014, with over 715,000 jobs safeguarded over the same period. 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please 
refer to the "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
For further information on the management of the "credit risk", please refer to Report on 
operations – Risk management – Credit Risk of the Interim statement as at 30 September 2024 
, included by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Market risk 
In the first nine months of 2024, with regard to the overall limit relating to trading and the 
hold to collect and sell (HTCS) business model, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's average 
managerial Value at Risk (VaR) was equal to € 137 million, in reduction compared to the 
same period of 2023, which was equal to € 167 million. 
Regarding the held for trading portfolio only, managerial VaR has recorded in the first nine 
months of 2024 an average value of € 28.9 million (€ 32.3 million was the average value on 
30 September 2023): the slight reduction is attributable to both the lower volatility registered 
on credit spreads as well as the lower exposure towards interest rate risk on IMI C&IB 
Division portfolio.  
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the 
securities of sovereign States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by 
way of example and without limitation, interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), 
which could determine a deterioration of the financial soundness of the Bank and/or the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group. Such deterioration could be produced either by negative effects on the 
income statement deriving from positions held for trading purposes, or from negative changes 
in the FVOCI (Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income) reserve, generated by 
positions classified as financial Activities evaluated at fair value, with an impact on the 
overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes in the financial instruments value, 
including the securities issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, 
exchange rates of currencies, prices of the securities listed on the markets, commodities and 
credit spreads and/or other risks. Such fluctuations could be caused by changes in the general 
economic trend, the investors' propensity to investments, monetary and tax policies, liquidity 
of the markets on a global scale, availability and capital cost, interventions of rating agencies, 
political events both at social and international level, war conflicts and acts of terrorism. The 
market risk occurs both with respect to the trading book, which includes the financial trading 
instruments and derivative instruments related thereto, and the banking book, which includes 
the financial assets and liabilities that are different from those contained in the trading book.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial 
statements, incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The ratio between the loans to customers and the direct deposits from banking business, as 
reported in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2024 Interim 3rd Quarter Report (“Loan to deposit 
ratio”), on 30 September 2024 was at 71.6%, compared to 74.5% on 31 December 2023. 
Both regulatory indicators, LCR and NSFR, were above the minimum regulatory 
requirements (100%). The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, 
measured according to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, amounted to an average of 
161.5% over the last twelve months ending September 20241. The NSFR measured in 
accordance with regulatory instructions, was 122.3% at the end of September 2024. 
At the end of September, there are still no TLTRO funding transactions in place. 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the 
market situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of the Bank, may 
have negative effects on the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank 
and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. In particular, in light of the findings set forth in the EBA third 
report on LCR and NSFR monitoring2, the Issuer remains attentive to the evolution of the 
funding market to ensure that its ordinary refinancing strategies and normal business are not 
affected by the cumulative effect of the maturity of all the remaining central bank funding and 
additional outflows due to the impact of adverse market liquidity scenarios. 
In particular, in light of the findings set forth in the EBA third report on LCR and NSFR 
monitoring, the Issuer remains attentive to the evolution of the funding market to ensure that 
its ordinary refinancing strategies and normal business are not affected by effect due to the 
impact of adverse market liquidity scenarios. 
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is not able to satisfy its payment obligations at 
maturity, both due to the inability to raise funds on the market (funding liquidity risk) and of 
the difficulty to disinvest its own assets (market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Bank may be prejudiced by the temporary impossibility of accessing 
capital markets by the issuance of debt securities (both guaranteed and not guaranteed), the 
inability to receive funds from counterparties which are external to or of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, the inability to sell certain assets or redeem its investments, as well as unexpected cash 
outflows or the obligation to provide more guarantees. Such a situation may occur by reason 
of circumstances that are independent of the control of the Bank, such as a general market 
disruption or an operational issue which affects the Bank or any third parties, or also by 
reason of the perception among the participants in the market that the Bank or other 
participants in the market are experiencing a higher liquidity risk. The liquidity crisis and the 
loss of trust in the financial institutions may increase the Bank's cost of funding and limit its 
access to some of its traditional liquidity sources. 
 
 
1 
The LCR ratio refers to the simple average of the last 12 months of monthly observations, as per 
Regulation (EU) 2021/637. 
2  EBA Report on “Monitoring of liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio implementation 
in the EU” of 15 June 2023.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
Examples of liquidity risk manifestation are the bankruptcy of an important participant to the 
market, or concerns about its possible default, which may cause serious liquidity issues, losses 
or defaults of other banks which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank; and a decrease of 
the creditworthiness of third parties of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, that may 
determine losses and/or negatively affect the ability of the Bank to invest again or use in a 
different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial 
statements, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Operational risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of operational risk which are intrinsic to its 
business, among which are those mentioned herein, by way of example and without limitation: 
frauds by external persons, frauds or losses arising from the unfaithfulness of the employees 
and/or breach of control procedures, operational errors, defects or malfunctions of computer 
or telecommunication systems, computer virus attacks, default of suppliers with respect to 
their contractual obligations, terrorist attacks and natural disasters. The occurrence of one or 
more of said risks may have significant negative effects on the business, the operational 
results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. The capital absorption amounts 
to € 2,364 million as at 30 September 2024 and represents approximately 10% of the total 
value of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group requirement. 
The operational risk may be defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes the 
following risks: legal, conduct, compliance, financial crime, fiscal, IT and Cyber, physical 
security, business continuity, third-party, data quality, fraud, process and employer risks; 
strategic and reputational risk are not included. 
The Bank has defined a framework for the operational, ICT & security risk management 
which consists of the following phases: 
• 
identification: the detection and description of potential operational, ICT & security 
risk areas (e.g. operational events, presence of issues, applicability of risk factors, 
significant risk scenarios); 
• 
assessment and measurement: this phase includes the activities aimed at the 
qualitative/quantitative determination of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group operational, ICT 
& security risk exposure and the transformation of the evaluations collected (e.g. 
internal and external operational loss data, management levels of risk factors, 
probability and impact in case of realisation of risk scenarios) in synthetic risk 
measures; 
• 
monitoring and control: continuous management of changes in the operational, ICT & 
security risk exposure, also to prevent the occurrence of harmful events and to 
promote active risk management; 
• 
mitigation: operational risk containment through appropriate mitigation actions and 
suitable risk transfer strategies, based on a risk-driven approach; 
• 
reporting: preparation of information flows related to operational, ICT & security risk 
management, designed to ensure adequate knowledge of the exposure to this risk.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
Although the Bank constantly supervises its own operational risks, certain unexpected events 
and/or events out of the Bank's control may occur (including those mentioned above by way 
of example and without limitation), with possible negative effects on the business and the 
economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as well as on 
its reputation. 
Moreover, starting from 30 June 2023, the Bank implemented certain organizational 
arrangements to ensure compliance with the changes recently introduced to Circular No. 285 
aimed to implement the EBA Guidelines on ICT and security risk management. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial 
statements for 2023, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of foreign exchange risk which are intrinsic to its 
business and are lied in foreign currency loans and deposits held by customers, purchases of 
securities, equity investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies, 
conversion to domestic currency of assets, liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries 
abroad, trading of foreign currencies and banknotes, and collection and/or payment of 
interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs in foreign currencies. Although the 
Bank constantly monitors its exposure to foreign currencies, any negative development of the 
foreign rates may have negative effects on activities and the economic and/or financial 
situation of the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
"Foreign exchange risk" is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the 
exchange rate that could have a negative impact on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in 
the financial statements and on earnings and capital ratios. Two types of foreign exchange 
Risk are identified: structural and transaction risk. Structural foreign exchange risk is defined 
as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange rate that could have a negative 
impact on the foreign exchange reserves that are part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
consolidated shareholders' equity and includes the foreign exchange risk associated with 
hybrid capital instruments. The key sources of structural foreign exchange risk are therefore 
the investments in associates and companies subject to joint control. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group's management of the structural foreign exchange risk assigns the 
Parent Company the related management and coordination powers in order to achieve a 
consistent Intesa Sanpaolo Group strategy. This choice, which is consistent with the Parent 
Company's role as the liaison with the Supervisory Authority, allows the activities to be 
performed based on the specific responsibilities set out in the prudential supervision 
regulations, in addition to suitably mitigating and/or managing this type of risk. Transaction 
foreign exchange risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange 
rate that may have a negative impact both on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the 
financial statements and on the earnings from funding and lending transactions in currencies 
other than the euro. 
The main sources of this foreign exchange risk consist in: non-euro loans and deposits held by 
corporate and/or retail customers; conversion into domestic currency of assets, liabilities and 
income of the international branches; trading of foreign currencies; collection and/or payment 
of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative expenses in foreign currencies; 
purchase and sale of securities and financial instruments for the purpose of resale in the short 
term; etc. Transaction foreign exchange risk also includes the risk related to transactions

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
connected to operations that generate the type of structural foreign exchange risk represented, 
for example, by dividends, earnings in the process of being generated, and corporate events. 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the 
regulation on the solution of banking crises 
The Bank is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity 
performed by the relevant institutions (in particular, the ECB, the Bank of Italy and 
CONSOB). Both the aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, 
respectively, to continuous updates and practice developments. 
Furthermore, as a listed Bank, the Bank is required to comply with further provisions issued 
by CONSOB. 
The Bank, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of 
the financial and banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, 
usury and consumer protection. 
Although the Bank undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of 
the rules and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the 
competent authorities could give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Bank, with 
possible negative impacts on the operational results and the economic and financial situation 
of the Bank. 
Regulatory framework 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the prudential rules has been amended on the grounds 
of the directions deriving from the so-called Basel III agreements, mainly with the intention of 
significantly strengthening the minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage 
degree and the introduction of policies and quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity 
risk of the banks. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum 
capitalisation levels. In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 
("CET 1") ratio at least equal to 7% of the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 
8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total capital ratio equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-
weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so-called "capital conservation buffer", 
namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
As known, Intesa Sanpaolo, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial 
system, is subject to the direct supervision of the ECB. Following the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process ("SREP") the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the 
capital requirement that Intesa Sanpaolo must comply with at a consolidated level. On 30 
November 2023, Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it had received the final decision of the ECB 
concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet as of 1 January 2024. The 
overall capital requirement the Bank is required to meet in terms of CET 1 ratio is currently 
9.37%. 
This is the result of: a) a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio equal to 9.50%, 
which includes a Pillar I minimum requirement of 8%, of which 4.50% in terms of CET 1, and 
an additional Pillar II requirement of 1.50%3, of which 0.84% in terms of CET 1; b) the 
 
 
3  Following the additional Article 3 CRR deduction made to Own funds in June 2023 (for the 
calendar provisioning on exposures included in the scope of Pillar 2), the Supervisor updated the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of CET 1, represented by: the Capital Conservation 
Buffer of 2.50%; the O-SII Buffer (Other Systematically Important Institutions Buffer) of 
1.25% and the Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.28% 4. 
As at 30 September 2024, the CET 1 ratio stood at 13.6%5, the Tier 1 ratio at 16.6% and the 
Total Capital ratio at 19.4%. 
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (LCR), 
aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank for a 
period of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator 
(NSFR) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets and 
liabilities have a sustainable maturity structure. 
Both indicators of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are above the minimum limits provided by the 
European rules. 
Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group being more than safe and 
under constant control, some risks may materialize over the horizon. An important mitigating 
factor to these risks are the contingency management policies in place in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group system of rules.  
With regard to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, currently, in light of the low exposure to Russian 
and Ukrainian counterparties, there were no significant impacts on the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group’s consolidated liquidity position. See: "Description of the Issuer – The military conflict 
between Russia and Ukraine". 
Furthermore, the Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR2, transposing the Basel III Accord) 
introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which measures the coverage degree of Class 1 
Capital compared to the total exposure of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. Such index is calculated 
by considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to 
contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a 
minimum regulatory limit of 3%. 
Although the above-mentioned regulatory evolution (further described under the "Regulatory 
Section" below) envisages a gradual adaptation to the new prudential requirements, the 
impacts on the management dynamics of the Bank could be significant. 
 
 
Pillar 2 Requirement ("P2R") applicable. As a result, from the second half of 2023, the P2R on 
Total Capital is 1.50% (compared to 1.72% previously). 
4  Computed taking into account the exposure as at 30 September 2024 in the various countries where 
the Group has a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national 
authorities and relating to 2025, where available, or the most recent update of the reference period 
(requirement was set at zero in Italy for 2024). 
5  Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 13.6% does not include in capital any net income accrued in the 
third quarter 2024, in compliance with the ECB’s recent guidance, which specifically states that a 
supervised entity is not allowed to include any interim or year-end profits in Common Equity Tier 1 
in case it adopts a distribution policy that does not specify any upper limit for cash dividends and 
any share buybacks, and it does not commit not to distribute neither via cash dividends nor via share 
buybacks the profits that it wants to include in Common Equity Tier 1. Including in capital the net 
income of the third quarter of 2024 and deducting dividends accrued in the nine months of 2024 for 
€5 billion, capital ratios as at 30 September 2024 were as follows: Common Equity Tier 1 ratio at 
13.9%, Tier 1 ratio at 16.8% and Total Capital Ratio at 19.6%.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions include the implementation of Directives 
2014/49/EU (Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the 
(EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 
(Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation – so called "SRMR"), which may create a 
significant impact on the economic and financial position of the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that 
shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive, "BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, 
"BRRD II"), which, inter alia, introduced the so-called "bail-in", Regulation 2019/876/EU of 
the European Parliament and the Council, which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR 
II") and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 2019/878/EU, which amends 
Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD V") must be taken into consideration and put in force by the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the BRRD, as subsequently amended, which is 
intended to enable a wide range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered 
to be at risk of failing (i.e., the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge 
bank). The execution of any action under the BRRD towards the Intesa Sanpaolo Group could 
materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to the Covered Bonds. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation 
(EU) No. 1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies 
of credit institutions (the "SSM Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory 
mechanism (the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or "SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the 
SSM Regulation has conferred to the ECB, in conjunction with the national regulatory 
authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility 
over "banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to 
which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets 
is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product 
exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions established in a 
Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European 
Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the 
ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than 
one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant 
part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after 
consulting with each national competent authority or upon request by a national competent 
authority, may declare an institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-
quality supervisory standards. Intesa Sanpaolo and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been 
classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group 
within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 
establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
between the ECB and each national competent authority and with national designated 
authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation 
and the SSM Framework Regulation.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
Moreover, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy has recently announced the 
introduction of a systemic risk buffer and borrower-based measures applicable to all banks 
and banking group authorized in Italy of 1.0 per cent of exposures towards Italian residents 
weighted for credit and counterparty credit risk (to be gradually phase-in until June 2025). 
Therefore, it is not yet clear what impact these regulatory changes will have on the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's operations. Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the CRD VI 
and CRR III (as both defined below) have only been recently published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union and there is uncertainty as to its adoption and implementation of the 
legislative acts and in particular it is not yet clear how and to what extent the changes brought 
by both the CRR III and the CRD VI may impact the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's operations. 
Finally, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Council announced that it had agreed a 
negotiating mandate on the review of the CMDI Reform (as defined below). The CMDI 
Reform includes, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency 
ensuring a general depositor preference with a single-tier depositor preference. The 
implementation of the CMDI Proposal is subject to further legislative procedures and, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, there is still legal uncertainty as to what extent its adoption 
and implementation would impact on the Issuer’s operation. 
For further details, please see the "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
Reputational and ESG Risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Financial institutions are facing increased scrutiny on climate and broader environmental, 
social and governance ("ESG")-related issues from governments, regulators, shareholders 
and other bodies.  This focus on ESG may lead to reputational risks if the Bank is not 
perceived to support the transition to a lower carbon economy, as well as to protect 
biodiversity and human rights. The Bank is also required to review and enhance our ESG risk 
management frameworks in alignment with emerging regulatory guidance and to ensure that 
we accurately portray the ESG aspects of our activities. 
Within the Bank the governance of reputational and ESG risks is closely integrated due to the 
strong interconnections between these risk profiles. 
Reputational risk is the current or prospective risk of a decline in profits or enterprise value 
(capitalization) resulting from a negative perception of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's image by 
customers, counterparties, Intesa Sanpaolo Group shareholders, investors, or regulatory 
authorities. While ESG risks include all risks arising from potential negative impacts, direct or 
indirect, on the environment, people and communities and more generally all stakeholders, in 
addition to those arising from corporate governance. Within this category of risk climate 
change risk is of significant relevance. 
The Bank is exposed to risks arising from climate change either directly through its own 
operations or indirectly through its financing and investment activities. The taxonomy adopted 
by Intesa Sanpaolo divides climate change risks into physical and transition risks. 
Physical risks represent the negative financial impact from climate change, including more 
frequent extreme weather events and gradual climate change, as well as environmental 
degradation, i.e. air, water and soil pollution, water stress, biodiversity loss, and deforestation. 
These types of risks – which can usually arise in both the short/medium and long term – can 
be broken down into acute and chronic risks: 
• 
acute physical risks refer to specific events that have the potential to create significant 
physical damage (e.g. flooding of rivers and oceans, tropical storms). These events are 
occurring more frequently, on both a regional and global basis;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
• 
chronic physical risks involve a series of physical impacts of considerably longer 
duration than those posed by acute risks. They are identifiable as processes of change 
rather than single events. In most cases, the impacts are localised (e.g., drought) but 
chronic risks are likely to become more significant in the long term. 
Transition risks are the negative financial impacts that an institution may incur, directly or 
indirectly, as a result of the process of adjustment to a low-carbon and more environmentally 
sustainable economy, arising from: 
• 
public policy and legal risks: this category includes policies that attempt to limit 
actions that contribute to the negative effects of climate change or political actions 
that seek to promote adaptation to climate change and the legal risk arising from the 
inability of organisations to mitigate/adapt to climate change; 
• 
technological developments: these include innovations that support the transition to a 
low-carbon and energy-efficient economic system; 
• 
consumer preferences: changes in the demand and supply of certain goods, products 
and services;  
• 
reputational risk arising from changes in customer or community perceptions of an 
organisation’s contribution to the transition to a low-carbon economy. 
Even though the Bank is working on the identification of the potential impact and the 
mitigation action to be taken to address both transition and physical risks, climate change 
could nonetheless have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and 
financial condition. In our Business Plan, we aim at creating strong and sustainable value for 
our shareholders, further increasing our solid capital position and our ESG commitment.  We 
are also working to achieve a net-zero emission target, in terms of own emissions by 2030, 
and in terms of loan and investment portfolios, asset management and insurance sectors by 
2050.  This includes the ability to identify, monitor and manage ESG-related risks associated 
with the activities of customer companies in the investment and lending decisions by the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group. Both rapidly changing regulatory as well as stakeholder demands, 
combined with significant focus by stakeholders, may materially affect our businesses if we 
fail to adopt such demands or appropriately implement our strategic plans. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of 
the applied accounting principles 
The Bank is exposed, as much as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the 
effects deriving from both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the 
amendment of the existing ones, in particular with respect to the International Accounting 
Standards ("IAS") and International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), as approved and 
adopted within the European legal system. 
It is primarily noted that IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, published by the International 
Accounting and Standards Board in May 2017 and subject to subsequent amendments, 
endorsed with Regulation (EU) no. 2036/2021 of 19 November 2021, is applicable from 1 
January 2023. 
The Interim Statement as at 31 March 2023 was the first financial statements drawn up in 
application of IFRS 17. At the same time, the insurance companies of the Intesa Sanpaolo

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
Group also applied for the first time IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, the application of which 
was deferred by virtue of the application of the deferral approach6. 
The new standard envisages the introduction of new balance sheet figures and different ways 
of recognising the profitability of insurance products in the financial statements, which could 
lead to both balance sheet impacts upon first-time adoption of the standard and volatility in 
the income statement once the standard is being implemented. The balance sheet impact upon 
first-time adoption depends on the level of market rates at the transition date, as well as the 
transition approaches adopted. On the other hand, the income statement result is closely 
related to how the Contractual Service Margin ("CSM") is released over time and how it is 
adjusted following revisions to the operational and financial assumptions included in the cash 
flow and risk adjustment. With regard to the effects of the application of IFRS 17, at the 
transition date (1 January 2022), the Shareholders' Equity in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Consolidated Financial Statements decreased by 985 million euro, net of the tax effect, due to 
greater insurance liabilities for €731 million (€505 million net of the tax effect) due to the 
different measurement criteria set out in IFRS 17 in place of the previous IFRS 4 and to the 
derecognition of intangible assets (new business and distribution) with a finite useful life, for 
a total of €685 million (€480 million net of the tax effect). The total effect on shareholders' 
equity as at 31 December 2022 deriving from the combined application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 
17 was a negative €552 million net of the tax effect. That effect is due to the impacts of 
transition to IFRS 17/IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2022 (a negative €985 million), partially offset 
during the year by greater income (€25 million) and greater reserves (€408 million) expressed 
in accordance with the new standards. 
Shareholders' Equity in terms of own funds decreased as at 31 December 2022 by €408 
million, with an impact of -11 basis points on the CET 1 ratio. Note that, for the purpose of 
the prudential calculation, the investment in the insurance companies falls under the Danish 
Compromise regime, which allows the investment to be weighted at 370% instead of 
deducting it from CET 1. 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group’s insurance companies, including a complete illustration of the provisions of 
these standards, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s choices and the related impacts, please refer to 
the specific section “Transition to IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9 Financial 
Instruments by the Group’s insurance companies” included in the 2023 Audited Financial 
Statements. 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle or amendment to existing 
international IAS and IFRS accounting principles please refer to the specific information 
included in the chapter “Notes to the consolidated financial statements – Part A – Accounting 
policies” included in the 2023 Audited Financial Statement. 
 
 
6  Note that, by virtue of the application of the Deferral Approach, the financial assets and liabilities of 
the subsidiary insurance companies continued to be recognised in accordance with the provisions of 
IAS 39, while awaiting the entry into force of the new international financial reporting standard on 
insurance contracts (IFRS 17).

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
• 
Risks related to the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
• 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
• 
Risk related to the market. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations, ranking pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with 
its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit from any 
security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. The Covered Bond Guarantor 
has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
until the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not 
been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay. Failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay amounts 
due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of any Series or Tranche would constitute a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to serve a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice and accelerate 
the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and entitle 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. The 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event 
of Default. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the 
Dealers, the Arrangers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to 
the Transaction Documents, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or 
incorporators, other than the Issuer and, upon service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which 
has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity and, as to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, limited recourse to the Available Funds, for their obligations in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their 
respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
With respect to the Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extendable Maturity is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, if the Covered Bond Guarantor is obliged under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a Guaranteed Amount and has insufficient funds available 
under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay such amount on the Maturity Date, then the 
obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay such Guaranteed Amounts shall 
automatically be deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the 
Covered Bond Guarantor has sufficient monies available to pay in part the Guaranteed 
Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall 
make such partial payment in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments, as 
described in Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase) on the relevant Maturity Date and any

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Payment 
of the unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity 
Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid Guaranteed Amount on the 
basis set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out therein, in Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these circumstances, except where the 
Covered Bond Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with the relevant Priorities 
of Payments in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase), failure by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to pay the relevant Guaranteed Amount on the Maturity Date or any 
subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the relevant later 
date following any applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default. However, failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay any guaranteed 
amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended Maturity Date 
and/or pay any other amount due under the Covered Bond Guarantee will (subject to any 
applicable grace period) constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in 
which case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in 
which case they will constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time 
will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will share equally in the security 
granted by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. If an Issuer 
Event of Default and/or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and results in 
acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all Series will accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these 
Covered Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Under 
no circumstances shall the interest payments for the Covered Bondholders be less than zero. 
Set out below is a description of the most common of such features: 
(a) 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those 
Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a 
discount from their nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered 
Bonds are characterised by the circumstance that the relevant covered bondholders, instead of 
benefitting from periodical interest payments, shall be granted an interest income consisting in 
the difference between the redemption price and the issue price, which difference shall reflect 
the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is exposed to the risk that the 
price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of 
zero coupon Covered Bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate Covered Bonds and are

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing 
Covered Bonds with a similar maturity. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such 
Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
Partly-paid Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds where the issue price is payable in more than one 
instalment. Failure to pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of 
his investment. 
(e) 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Certain decisions of Representative of the Covered Bondholders taken without the consent 
or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor and any other 
relevant parties in making or sanctioning any modifications to the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents:  
• 
provided that in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders such 
modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series; or  
• 
which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are made to 
correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or of a formal, minor or technical nature, or 
are made to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
In establishing whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders considers reasonable to rely on, and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard 
to all or any of the following:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
• 
a certificate from a Relevant Dealer, stating the intention of the parties to the relevant 
Transaction Document, confirming nothing has been said to, or by, the investors or any 
other parties which is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention and stating the 
modification to the relevant Transaction Document that is required to reflect such 
intention; 
• 
confirmation from the Rating Agency that, after giving effect to such modification, the 
Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those assigned to them 
immediately prior to the modification. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolutions 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights 
and interests of Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (i) instructing 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take enforcement action against the Issuer 
and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor; (ii) reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, 
where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or 
modification of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds; (iii) alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be 
made; (iv) alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; and (v) any 
amendments to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Pledge Agreement (except in a manner 
determined by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series). 
Certain decisions of Covered Bondholders shall be taken at a Programme level by means of 
Programme Resolution. A Programme Resolution will bind all Covered Bondholders, 
irrespective of whether they attended the meeting or voted in favour of the Programme 
Resolution. No Resolution, other than a Programme Resolution, passed by the holders of one 
Series of Covered Bonds will be effective in respect of another Series unless it is sanctioned 
by an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may require, of the 
holders of that other Series. Any Resolution passed at a meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
of a Series shall bind all other holders of that Series, irrespective of whether they attended the 
meeting and whether they voted in favour of the relevant Resolution. 
It should also be noted that after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of 
the Covered Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (or the Representative of the Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of 
the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders’ 
rights against the Covered Bond Guarantor and the security under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The 
Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence proceedings 
against the Covered Bond Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders the power to determine in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may commence any such individual 
actions.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders’ powers may affect the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and 
the other Secured Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, there is a conflict between these interests, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or 
discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or 
by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 25 per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series. 
Credit rating of the Covered Bonds may not reflect all risks 
The rating assigned to the Covered Bonds address, inter alia: 
(i) 
the likelihood of full and timely payment to Covered Bondholders of all payments of 
interest on each CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
the likelihood of timely payment of principal in relation to the Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds on the Maturity Date; and  
(iii) 
the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal in relation to Covered Bonds on (a) the 
Maturity Date thereof, or (b) if the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, the Extended Maturity Date 
thereof.   
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The credit ratings of the Covered Bonds 
included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by Moody’s Italia S.r.l.. In 
general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
(the 
ESMA) 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating 
agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(the 
FCA) 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/search?q=fitch&type=Companies), a list of credit rating agencies

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
The expected rating of the Covered Bonds is set out in the relevant Final Terms for each 
Series of Covered Bonds. The Rating Agency may lower its ratings or withdraw its rating if, 
in its sole judgement, the credit quality of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds has declined or is 
in question, and the Issuer has not undertaken to maintain a rating. In addition, at any time the 
Rating Agency may revise its relevant rating methodology with the result that, amongst other 
things, any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds may be lowered. If any rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.   
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by 
investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level 
of fees charged by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. 
Such a person or institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of one or more 
investment accounts, transfers of Covered Bonds, custody services and on payments of 
interest, principal and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised to investigate 
the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the relevant Covered Bonds. Certain 
information in that respect are available under the section headed “General Information”.  
Law 130 
Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of covered 
bonds in 2005. Law 130 was further amended during the following years, including on 30 
November 2021 by way of the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the “Decree 
190/2021”) implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162, which entered into force on December 
1st, 2021. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of Law 130 as it 
relates to covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory 
authority, except for (i) the BoI OBG Regulations and (ii) the clarifications, provided for by 
the Bank of Italy, to certain queries concerning the OBG Regulations submitted to such 
authority by Italian Banks and the Italian Banking Association (Associazione Bancaria 
Italiana). Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue further 
regulations relating to Law 130 or the interpretation thereof, the impact of which cannot be 
predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Change of law 
The structure of the Programme and, inter alia, the issue of the Covered Bonds and the rating 
assigned to the Covered Bonds are based on the relevant law, tax and administrative practice 
in effect at the date of this Base Prospectus, and having due regard to the expected tax 
treatment of all relevant entities under such law and practice.  
Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this 
Base Prospectus containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to reflect such changes.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the 
European Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision 
and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the Directive); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the 
form of covered bonds (the Regulation).  
The Regulation and the Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and 
introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. 
More in particular, the new Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen 
the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new Directive 
aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
Pursuant to the Directive, Member States had to transpose the Directive by 8 July 2021. The 
Regulation applies from 8 July 2022. 
On 30 November 2021 the Decree 190/2021 implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 was 
published in the Official Gazette No. 285 of 30 November 2021 and entered into force on 1 
December 2021. In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to 
exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) the possibility not to 
apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity 
requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of 
allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; (iii) the 
possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of 
programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the final maturity date for the 
payment of principal. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for 
the public supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the 
implementing measures of the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in 
accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree 190/2021 (the “Implementing 
Measures”). In this respect, the provisions of Law 130, as amended by Decree 190/2021, 
apply to covered bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022, in certain cases subject to entry into 
force of the Implementing Measures as referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 
190/2021 by 8 July 2022.  
On 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Measures which amended 
the the BoI OBG Regulations which entered into force on 31 March 2023. 
The Implementing Measures amended the BoI OBG Regulations with regard to, inter alia, (i) 
the definition of the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for 
including derivative contracts with hedging purposes among covered bonds eligible assets; (ii) 
the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for issuing new 
issuance programmes; (iv) the possibility also for banks with credit rating 3 to act as 
counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; and (v) the conditions for 
issuing Covered Bonds under already existing programmes, as of the date of the entry into 
force of the Implementing Measures. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to the law (including any 
change in regulation which may occur without a change in primary legislation), tax or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
administrative practice or its interpretation will not change after the Issue Date of any Series 
or that such change will not adversely impact the structure of the Programme and the 
treatment of the Covered Bonds.  
For further details, see the section headed “Regulatory Section” and “Covered Bond 
Legislative Package”.  
Tax changes 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 
(Law 111), delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months 
from its publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian 
tax system (the Tax Reform).   
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial 
incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at 
different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be 
quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage.   
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape 
accurately. 
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of 
financial incomes and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income 
and/or capital gains accrued or realised under the Covered Bonds and could result in a lower 
return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences 
described above. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered 
Bonds linked to such “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of 
rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national 
and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies 
subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU and it, among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed); and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of 
administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). The Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use 
in the UK by UK-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have 
a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
index, including any of the following: (i) an index which is a benchmark could not be used as 
such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate EU authorisations or is based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent 
regulation. In such event, depending on the particular benchmark and the applicable terms of 
the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed 
otherwise impacted; and (ii) if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” related to a 
Series of Covered Bonds are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could (amongst 
other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark and could lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Covered Bonds, including determination by the Calculation 
Agent of the rate or level in its discretion. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with 
any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017 the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and 
adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-
term rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, it 
remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently 
than it has done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such 
factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; 
(ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bond linked 
to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that, if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) 
has occurred (including, but not limited to, a Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) 
ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of a Reference Rate), if applicable, then the 
Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of 
determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in 
Condition 6(f) (Fallback Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, 
if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser 
or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement 
rate, provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds shall apply. In certain circumstances, including but not limited to where 
the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest of the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Covered 
Bonds initially designated to be Floating Rate Covered Bonds. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest 
payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with 
the payments that could have been made on the Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark 
remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer 
may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with 
a conflict of interest. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be 
designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the 
application of the Adjustment Spread to the Covered Bonds may not do so and may result in 
the Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest 
rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks arising from any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds, investigations 
and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds 
linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI OBG Regulations require that certain controls shall be performed by the Issuer (see 
paragraph headed “Controls over the transaction” under the section headed “Selected aspects 
of Italian law”), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer 
believes that it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the 
relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that such compliance 
ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually performed and that any failure to properly 
implement the relevant policies and controls could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s or 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Covered Bond Guarantor only obliged to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for 
Payment Date 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee until service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
(i) 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor, following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an 
Issuer Event of Default, respectively, of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not 
been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice. 
An Article 74 Notice to Pay can only be served if an Article 74 Event occurs and results in 
service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Article 74 Notice to Pay on 
the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor. A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer 
Event of Default occurs and results in service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor. A Covered 
Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice can only be served if a Covered Bond Guarantor Event 
of Default occurs. 
Following service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (provided that (i) an Article 74 Event or an Issuer 
Event of Default has occurred and (ii) no Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice has 
been served) under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
will be obliged to pay the Guaranteed Amounts as on the Due for Payment Date. Such 
payments will be subject to and will be made in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payments. In these circumstances, other than the Guaranteed Amounts, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount, for example in respect of 
broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest or interest on interest which 
may accrue on or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or 
an Issuer Event of Default and service, respectively, of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, but prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer in every 
and all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders, so that the rights of 
payment of the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the right to receive 
payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered 
Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the 
Available Funds. 
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by either Law 130 or 
contractual agreements between the parties of the Covered Bond Guarantee, and there is no 
case-law or other official interpretation on this issue. Therefore, we cannot exclude that a 
court might uphold a Covered Bondholder’s right to act directly against the Issuer.  
Limited resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Covered Bond Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will depend on the realisable value of the Portfolio, the amount of principal and 
revenue proceeds generated by the Portfolio and/or the Eligible Investments and the timing 
thereof and amounts received from the Hedging Counterparties and the Relevant Account 
Bank. The Covered Bond Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet 
its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Portfolio, the 
Eligible Investments and the amounts received from the Hedging Counterparties and the 
Relevant Account Bank, may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the Secured Creditors, 
including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured Creditors have not received the full 
amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they may still 
have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the 
Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Nominal Value Test and the Amortisation Test 
have been structured to ensure that the Nominal Value of the Portfolio and the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount, as applicable, shall be greater than or equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. In addition, Law 130 provide for certain 
further tests aimed at ensuring that (a) the net present value of the Eligible Portfolio (net of 
certain costs) shall be greater than or equal to the net present value of the Covered Bonds; and 
(b) the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the Portfolio (net of certain costs) 
shall be greater than or equal to the interest and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds. 
However there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall in the amounts available to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Reliance of the Covered Bond Guarantor on third parties 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, 
which have agreed to perform services for the Covered Bond Guarantor. In particular, but 
without limitation, the Servicer and the Special Servicers have been appointed, in accordance 
with the terms of the Servicing Agreement as to their respective duties and obligations, to 
service the Receivables and the Securities included in the Portfolio and the Asset Monitor has 
been appointed to monitor compliance with the Tests. In the event that any of those parties 
fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the 
realisable value of the Portfolio or any part thereof may be affected, or, pending such 
realisation (if the Portfolio or any part thereof cannot be sold), the ability of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For 
instance, if the Servicer has failed to adequately administer the Portfolio, this may lead to 
higher incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors. The Covered Bond Guarantor is also 
reliant on the Hedging Counterparties to provide it with the funds matching its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
If an event of default occurs in relation to the Servicer and/or any relevant Special Servicer 
pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then the Covered Bond Guarantor, with the 
prior written consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, will be entitled to 
terminate the appointment of the Servicer and/or the relevant Special Servicer (as the case 
may be) and appoint a Successor Servicer and/or a Successor Special Servicer (as the case 
may be). There can be no assurance that a successor with sufficient experience in carrying out 
the activities of the Servicer and/or the relevant Special Servicer would be found and would 
be willing and able to carry out the relevant activities on the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement. The ability of a Successor Servicer and/or a Successor Special Servicer to 
perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, 
software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to 
appoint a Successor Servicer and/or a Successor Special Servicer may affect the realisable 
value of the Portfolio or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as 
Servicer and/or Special Servicer nor shall the Representative of the Covered Bondholders be 
under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by the Servicer 
and/or the Special Servicers of their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents, 
pursuant to paragraph 28.2.2 of the Rules. 
Reliance on Hedging Counterparties 
To provide a hedge against interest rate risks and/or currency risk in respect of each Series of 
the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Covered Bond Guarantor may enter into 
the Liability Swaps with the Liability Hedging Counterparty. Additionally, to provide a hedge 
against interest rate risk and/or currency risk on the Portfolio, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
entered into the Asset Swaps with the Asset Hedging Counterparty. 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any 
Swap Agreement, then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have 
defaulted under that Swap Agreement. A Hedging Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in 
the relevant Master Agreement) only obliged to make payments to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor as long as the Covered Bond Guarantor complies with its payment obligations 
under the relevant Swap Agreement. In circumstances where non-payment by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a default under that Swap 
Agreement, the Hedging Counterparty shall make payments to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Agreement as if payment had been made by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. Any amounts not paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor to a Hedging Counterparty 
may in such circumstances incur additional amounts of interest by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, which would rank senior to amounts due on the Covered Bonds. If the Hedging 
Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make 
payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor on the payment date under the Master Agreement, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor will be exposed to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro 
and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Covered Bond Guarantor may be obliged to make a 
termination payment to the relevant Hedging Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment 
under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will be able to enter into a subsequent swap agreement.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Master 
Agreement, such termination payment may rank ahead of amounts due on the Covered Bonds 
and with amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay 
a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
No Gross-up for Taxes by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or 
deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is 
imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may 
be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
Value of the Portfolio 
The Covered Bond Guarantee granted by the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the 
Covered Bonds will be backed by the Portfolio and the recourse against the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will be limited to such assets. The value of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s assets 
may decrease (for example if there is a general decline in property values). The Seller makes 
no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a real estate asset will remain at the 
same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage Loan or at any other 
time. If the residential and/or commercial property market in Italy experiences an overall 
decline in property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, 
ultimately, may result in losses to the Covered Bondholders if such security is required to be 
enforced. 
Risks related to the underlying 
Limits to the integration 
Under the BoI OBG Regulations, any integration, whether through Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets or through Liquid Assets shall be carried out in accordance with the modalities, and 
subject to the limits, set out in Law 130 and in the article 129 of the CRR.  
More specifically, under the BoI OBG Regulations, integration is allowed exclusively for the 
purpose of (i) complying with the tests provided for under the article 7-undecies of Law 130; 
(ii) complying with the liquidity buffer requirements provided for under the article 7-
duodecies of Law 130; (iii) complying with the limits set forth under article 129 of the CRR, 
including the statutory over-collateralization requirements provided for under the article 129, 
paragraph 3a, of the CRR; or (iv) complying with any contractual over-collateralisation 
requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements. 
Investors should note that the integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out 
in Law 130 and in the article 129 of the CRR and specified above. 
Limited description of the Portfolio 
Without prejudice to the information relating to the Programme made available from time to 
time by the Issuer in accordance with the applicable OBG Regulations and the Transaction 
Documents, Covered Bondholders may not receive detailed statistics or information in 
relation to the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Portfolio, 
because it is expected that the constitution of the Portfolio will frequently change due to, for 
instance:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
(i) 
the Seller selling further Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets;  
(ii) 
the Seller (for as long as it acts as the Servicer in the context of the Programme) being 
granted by the Covered Bond Guarantor with wide powers to renegotiate the terms 
and conditions of the Receivables and the Securities included in the Portfolio; and 
(iii) 
the Seller repurchasing certain Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets 
in the limited circumstances provided for under the Master Transfer Agreement. 
However, each Receivable and Security being, from time to time, part of the Portfolio, will be 
required to meet the Criteria and/or the characteristics (as applicable) set out in the Master 
Transfer Agreement and to conform to the representations and warranties granted by the 
Seller under the Master Transfer Agreement (see paragraph headed “Master Transfer 
Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”). In 
addition, the Tests are intended to ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor’s assets to the Covered Bonds is maintained at a certain minimum level and the 
Asset Cover Report to be provided by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date will set 
out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the Tests. 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, an Additional Seller may sell to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, and the latter shall purchase, Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets, subject to, inter alia: (i) the execution of a master transfer agreement by 
such Additional Seller, substantially in the form of the Master Transfer Agreement, and (ii) 
the granting of a subordinated loan by such Additional Seller for the purpose of financing the 
purchase of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets from it, in accordance with 
the provision of a subordinated loan agreement to be executed substantially in the form of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Sale of Selected Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets following the occurrence of an 
Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default 
Following the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or of a 
Notice to Pay and prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default (if 
necessary in order to, inter alia, effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, as resulting 
from the Payments Report) the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, shall sell Selected Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (as applicable), 
in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets, Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets at the times required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the 
price which may be able to be obtained for such Selected Assets, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets, which may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the 
Selected Assets may not be sold by the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor for an amount lower than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds until 6 (six) months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of 
such Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Extended Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds. If, inter alia, Selected Assets have 
not been sold (in whole or in part) in an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption 
Amount by the date which is 6 (six) months prior to the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity 
Date of a Series of Covered Bonds which are not Long Dated Covered Bonds, the Servicer, or 
any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, is obliged to sell the Selected Assets, for 
the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount (see paragraph headed “Portfolio Administration 
Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”). 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor, then the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, direct 
the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, to sell the Selected Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets, subject to any 
pre-emption right of the Seller and of the Additional Sellers (if any), as quickly as reasonably 
practicable taking into account the prevailing market conditions at that time (see paragraph 
headed “Portfolio Administration Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents”). 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Portfolio will be in an amount 
sufficient to repay all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the 
Covered Bonds and the Transaction Documents. If a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor, then the Covered Bonds may be repaid 
sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Portfolio or the ability of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Issuer and on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the realisable value of the assets included in the 
Portfolio may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by, inter alia: 
(i) 
default by the Debtors on amounts due in respect of Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets; 
(ii) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets included in the Portfolio; 
(iii) 
limited recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(iv) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory 
authorities; 
(v) 
adverse movement of the interest rate; 
(vi) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure; and 
(vii) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets being unenforceable. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the 
Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets in the Portfolio and monies standing to the credit 
of the Accounts to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds following 
an Issuer Event of Default, service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and, accordingly, it is expected (although there is no assurance) that Selected

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets could be realised for sufficient values to 
enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Default by Debtors in paying amounts due on Receivables or Securities 
Debtors may default on their obligations due under the Receivables or the Securities for a 
variety of reasons. The Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets are affected by 
credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence delinquency rates, 
prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, 
such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic 
conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on 
alternative investments, political developments and government policies. Certain factors may 
lead to an increase in default by the Debtors and could ultimately have an adverse impact on 
the ability of the Debtors to repay the Receivables or the Securities. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
The Receivables originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance with its 
lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller’s lending criteria will 
generally consider term of loan, indemnity guarantee policies, status of applicants and credit 
history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Receivable to the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
the Seller will warrant that such Receivables were originated in accordance with the Seller’s 
lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. The Seller retains the right to revise its 
lending criteria from time to time, subject to the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the 
Receivables, that may lead to increased defaults by Debtors and may affect the realisable 
value of the Portfolio and the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, Defaulted Assets in the Portfolio will be given a zero 
weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the Tests. 
Mortgage Loans performance 
The Receivables which shall be included in the Portfolio will be performing as at the relevant 
Selection Date. There can be no guarantee that the relevant Debtors will not default under the 
Mortgage Loans and that they will therefore continue to perform. The recovery of amounts 
due in relation to non-performing loans will be subject to the effectiveness of enforcement 
proceedings in respect of the Mortgage Loans, which in the Republic of Italy can take a 
considerable time, depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken 
and on several other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in 
the enforcement of the Mortgage Loans and the relevant mortgages may take longer than the 
national average; obtaining title deeds from land registries which are in the process of 
computerising their records can take up to two or three years; further time is required if it is 
necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant Debtor raises 
a defence or counterclaim to the proceedings. According to statistics published by the 
Ministry of Justice in 2013 with regard to data as at 2011, the recovery period for loans in 
respect of which recovery is by foreclosure proceedings on the related mortgaged real estate 
usually lasts three years and six months, although such period may vary significantly 
depending upon, inter alia, the type and location of the related mortgaged real estate and the 
other factors described above.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
Recently, new legal provisions have been introduced in order to speed up legal proceedings. 
In particular, Law Decree no. 59 of 2 May 2016, as converted, with amendments into law by 
Law no. 119 of 30 June 2016, implemented new provisions, which interested: 
(i) 
the Italian Insolvency Law, by introducing the possibility of using electronic 
technologies for hearings and for meetings of creditors. Furthermore, failure to 
comply with the time limits for the proceedings, established in Article 110, Paragraph 
1 of the Italian Insolvency Law, is envisaged as a fair reason for removing the 
receiver; and 
(ii) 
the Italian Code of Civil Procedure, providing for:  
(a) the inadmissibility of opposing the forced sale once the sale or allocation of the 
asset has been decreed;  
(b) the immediate enforceability of the judge’s order when the debtor’s opposition 
is not based on documentary proof;  
(c) simplification of the procedure for the transfer of the property;  
(d) the possibility for the debtor’s assets to be allocated to a third party, yet to be 
nominated;  
(e) the obligation to proceed with sales on the basis of electronic modalities, and 
the right for the judge, after three auctions without bidders, to lower the basic 
price up to a half; 
(f) the possibility, for the judge and for the professionals entrusted with selling, to 
proceed with partial distributions of the sums obtained from the forced sales. 
The above provisions are expected to reduce the length of the enforcement proceedings. 
Prepayment and renegotiations 
Debtors are generally entitled to prepay their loans at any time. In the case of mutui fondiari 
the right to prepay the loan is provided for by Article 40 of the Banking Law.  
In addition, pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 141 enacted on 13 August 2010, Article 120-
quater has been added to the Banking Law for the purposes of providing debtors with certain 
rights and benefits, including the right to prepay their loans at any time, funding such 
prepayment by a loan granted by another lender (bank or other financial intermediary) which 
will be subrogated pursuant to article 1202 of the Italian Civil Code, into the rights of the 
original lender (surrogazione per volontà del debitore). The subrogation is effective 
regardless of the fact that the credit is still not due or that a term of payment in favour of the 
original lender had been agreed between the debtor and the original lender itself. Further to 
the subrogation, the lender will automatically replace the original lender also in relation to all 
guarantees to the relevant loan and no costs and expenses may be charged on the debtor.  
Article 120-quater of the Banking Law was subsequently amended by Article 8, paragraph 8 
of Law Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011, converted into Law No. 106 enacted on 12 July 2011, 
according to which the provisions of Article 120-quater apply to loan agreements entered into 
between the bank or other financial intermediary and individuals or small companies (micro-
imprese). Article 120-quarter was further amended by Law 24 March 2012, n. 27 and Law 
Decree No.179 of 18 October 2012, converted into Law No. 221 enacted on 17 December 
2012, which respectively have introduced certain amendments (including, inter alia, to the

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
timing for completion of the prepayment transactions and manner of calculating the penalty 
due by the bank). 
Legal risks relating to the Mortgage Loans 
The ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from 
the Mortgage Loans is subject to a number of legal risks. Further details on certain 
considerations in relation to the regulation of mortgages in Italy are set out in the section 
headed "Selected Aspects of Italian law” and certain specific risks are set out below: 
Mortgage borrower protection: Certain legislations enacted in Italy, have given new rights 
and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter 
alia, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount the mortgage loan, without incurring 
a penalty, (ii) the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another 
mortgage loan and (iii) the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans. 
Further details are set out in the section headed "Selected Aspects of Italian law – Mortgage 
Borrower protection”. These legislations constitute an adverse effect on the cover pool and, in 
particular, on any cash flow projections concerning the cover pool as well as on the over-
collateralisation required. However, as this legislation is relatively new, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to predict its impact.  
Mortgage Credit Directive: Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential 
immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No 1093/2010 (the Mortgage Credit Directive) sets out a common framework for 
certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States 
concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise 
relating to residential immovable property. In Italy the Government has approved the 
Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016, implementing the Mortgage Credit Directive and 
published on the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy on 20 May 2016 (the Mortgage 
Legislative Decree), which, moreover, sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and 
transparency and information undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which 
offer loans to the consumers and provides that the parties may agree under the loan 
agreements that in case of breach of the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement 
(i.e. non-payment of at least eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the 
property of the debtor subject to security or the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be 
transferred to the creditor in discharge of the entire debt even if the value of the assets or the 
proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the 
debtor in relation to the loan. Given the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the 
impact of such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Further details are set out in the section headed " Selected Aspects of Italian law –Mortgage 
Credit Directive”. No assurance can be given that the implementation of the Mortgage 
Legislative Decree will not adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Patto Marciano: On 4 May 2016, Law Decree 3 May 2016, no. 59 (Decree 59) came into 
force introducing, inter alia, a new article 48-bis into the Banking Law (Article 48-bis). The 
Decree 59 has been converted into Law No. 119 of 30 June 2016, as published in the Offical 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 153 of 2 July 2016. Pursuant to Article 48-bis, a loan 
agreement entered into between an entrepreneur and a bank, or another entity authorised to 
grant loans to the public pursuant to article 106 of the Banking Law, may be secured by

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
transferring to the creditor (or to a company of the creditor’s group authorised to purchase, 
hold, manage and transfer rights in rem in immovable property), the ownership of a property 
or of another immovable right of the entrepreneur or of a third party (which is not the main 
home of the owner, of the spouse or of his relatives and in-laws up to the third degree). Such 
transfer is subject to the condition precedent of the debtor defaulting (so-called “Patto 
Marciano”, hereafter the Covenant). Given this legislation and the absence of any 
jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of Article 48-bis may not be predicted as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. Further details are set out in the section headed "Selected Aspects of 
Italian law – Patto Marciano”. 
 
Risk related to the market 
Limited secondary market 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. In addition, the ability of the 
Dealers to make a market in the Covered Bonds may be impacted by changes in regulatory 
requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with 
respect to, the Covered Bonds. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered 
Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered 
Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited 
number of investor or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In addition, Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme might not be rated or listed on a stock exchange or 
regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to 
obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. 
In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Covered Bonds at any time at 
fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted 
by country specific reasons. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large 
allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value 
of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent 
market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as 
some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal and/or tax advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered 
Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered 
Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators 
to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Covered Bondholders should read the detailed information set out in the section headed “Risk 
Factors” which describes known material risks related to, inter alia, the Issuer, the Covered 
Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantee and the underlying assets of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and in the section headed “Selected Aspects of Italian Law” which describes certain 
aspect of Italian law relevant to the Portfolio and the transfer of the Portfolio. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same 
meaning in this overview. An index of certain defined terms is contained at the end of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Structure Diagram  
Quotaholders 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCo
opers Busines s 
Servicer S.r.l. 
 
Calculation Agent 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
 
Originator/Servicer/ 
Issuer 
 
Investors 
KPMG Fides Servizi 
di Amministrazione 
S.p.A. 
  
Representative of 
Covered 
Bondholders 
 Deutsche Bank 
S.p.A.  
 
 Paying Agent  
 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. 
 
Covered Bond Guarantor 
 
 Covered Bonds 
Subordinated Loan 
Purchase Price 
 
True Sale of assets 
                      Covered Bond Guarantee 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
 
Asset Hedging 
Counterparty and 
Liability Hedging 
Counterparty  
  
Deloitte & Touche 
S.p.A. 
 
Asset Monitor 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
(60%) 
Stichting 
Viridis 2  
(40%)

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
Structure Overview  
The Programme 
Under this Euro 35,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the Programme), the Issuer may 
from time to time issue Covered Bonds to one or more of the Dealers indicated on the cover 
page, and any additional Dealers appointed from time to time under the Programme by the 
Issuer, in accordance with the Dealer Agreement (the Dealers), whose appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Covered Bonds outstanding at any time 
under the Programme will not exceed Euro 35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). The Issuer may, from time to time, increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis, in each case only 
in accordance with the relevant selling restrictions. The method of distribution of each Series 
or Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from each other, and each 
Series may comprise one or more Tranches, subject to the terms set out in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of such Series or Tranche.  
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantee and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, except in respect of maturities of each Series or 
Tranche, and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same 
maturity of each Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds, from time to time outstanding. 
The Covered Bond Guarantee and the Portfolio 
In accordance with Law 130, by virtue of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Covered 
Bondholders will benefit from a guarantee issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor which will, 
in turn, hold a portfolio consisting primarly of some or all of the following assets:  
(a) 
loans secured by residential property (mutui ipotecari residenziali) up to the lesser of 
the principal amount of the liens that are, inter alia, combined with any prior liens and 
80% of the value of the pledged properties, in accordance with Article 129, par. (1), 
letter (d) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130 and for which the hardening 
period with respect to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has elapsed; 
(b) 
loans secured by commercial immovable property (mutui ipotecari commerciali) up to 
the lesser of the principal amount of the liens that, inter alia, are combined with any 
prior liens and 60% of the value of the pledged properties from, in accordance with 
Article 129, par. (1), letter (f) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130 and for 
which the hardening period with respect to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has 
elapsed. 
In addition, the Portfolio may comprise Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets, having the 
characteristics described under the section headed “Description of the Portfolio”, subject to

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
the limitations set out in Article 129, Paragraph 1a, lett. (a), (b), (c) e (d) of CRR (as 
applicable). 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, if the Issuer defaults in the payment on the 
due date (subject to any applicable grace periods) of any monies due and payable under or 
pursuant to the Covered Bonds, or if any other Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor has agreed (subject to as described below) to pay, or procure to be paid, 
following service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Notice to Pay, 
unconditionally and irrevocably to the Covered Bondholders, any amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date. The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and (following the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default, the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or, if earlier, the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice) unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse 
obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor, backed by the Portfolio, as provided under the 
OBG Regulations. Payments made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments, 
as applicable. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Seller has granted to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor the Subordinated Loan with a maximum amount equal to the Programme Limit, 
plus any other amounts necessary to ensure that the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount and the Exposure Limit are met. Under the provisions of such agreement, 
upon the relevant disbursement notice being filed by the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Subordinated Loan Provider shall make advances to the Covered Bond Guarantor in amounts 
equal to (i) with respect to the first advance, the purchase price of the Initial Portfolio, and (ii) 
for any subsequent advance, the amount from time to time necessary to (a) purchase Further 
Portfolios transferred in the context of Integration Assignments (aimed at purchasing Eligible 
Assets and Integration Assets for curing a breach of the Mandatory Tests) and Issuance 
Collateralisation Assignments or (b) include in the Portfolio Liquid Assets or Integration 
Assets to satisfy the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the Exposure Limit if applicable. 
Amounts owed to the Seller by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement will be subordinated to amounts owed by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such amounts will be repaid on each Guarantor Payment Date 
prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay according to the relevant Pre-Issuer Default Principal 
Priority of Payments and within the limits of the then Available Funds, provided that such 
repayment does not result in a breach of any of, inter alia, the Mandatory Tests. Following the 
service of a Notice to Pay, amounts owed under the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be 
repaid within the limits of the Available Funds, in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
Servicing 
Under the terms of the Servicing Agreement (i) the Servicer has agreed to administer and 
service the Receivables (with the exception of the Defaulted Receivables classified as in 
sofferenza) and the Securities and to carry out the collection activities relating to the 
Receivables and the Securities, on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor; and (ii) the Special 
Servicer has agreed to administer and service the Defaulted Receivables classified as in 
sofferenza. Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to be responsible for

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
verifying that the transaction complies with the law and this Base Prospectus, in accordance 
with the requirements of Law 130.  
Cashflows 
Prior to service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will: 
(a) 
apply Interest Available Funds to pay (subject to compliance with the Tests) interest 
due on the Subordinated Loan, but only after payment of certain items ranking higher 
in the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments (including, but not limited to, 
payments due to the Hedging Counterparties); and 
(b) 
apply Principal Available Funds towards (subject to compliance with the Tests) 
repaying the Subordinated Loan, but only after payment of certain items ranking 
higher in the relevant Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments (including, but 
not limited to, payments, if any, due to the Hedging Counterparties).  
For further details of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments and the Pre-Issuer 
Default Principal Priority of Payments, see the section headed “General Description of the 
Programme” below. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (but prior to a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor) the Covered Bond Guarantor will use all monies to 
pay the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when due for payment subject 
to paying certain higher ranking obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Post-Issuer 
Default Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, the Seller will only be entitled to receive 
from the Covered Bond Guarantor payment of interest and repayment of principal under the 
Subordinated Loan after all amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the 
Covered Bonds have been paid in full or have otherwise been provided for. 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered 
Bonds will become immediately due and repayable and Covered Bondholders will then have a 
claim against the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Covered Bonds, together with 
accrued interest and any other amounts due under the Covered Bonds, and the Available 
Funds will be distributed according to the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments. 
Mandatory Tests 
The Programme provides that the assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor are subject to the 
statutory tests provided for under Article 7-undecies of Law 130 (the Mandatory Tests), 
which are intended to ensure that the Covered Bond Guarantor can meet its obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding, 
the Issuer must always ensure that the following tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date: 
(1) 
the Nominal Value Test; 
(2) 
the NPV Test; and 
(3) 
the Interest Coverage Test,

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
Amortisation Test 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that if, following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor available to meet its obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee fall to a level where Covered Bondholders may not be repaid, a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default will occur and all obligations owing under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee may be accelerated. Under the Portfolio Administration Agreement, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor must ensure that, on each Calculation Date following service of 
a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation 
Date.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and the BoI OBG 
Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on 
a continuing basis and on each Calculation Date or on any other date on which the calculation 
of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is required to be met pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents, that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to 
or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Cumulative Liquidity Outflow of the Programme 
(the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount). 
In accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets 
standing to the credit of the Accounts shall be considered to contribute to the Eligible 
Portfolio, provided that such liquid assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible assets 
set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter (a), of Law 130.  
The verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is intended to verify that the amount 
of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum 
Net Cumulative Liquidity Outflow of the Programme.  
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agent shall verify 
that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Calculation Date and on any other 
date on which the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is required pursuant to 
the Transaction Documents. 
Exposure Limit 
The Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents – compliance with the Exposure Limit on each 
Calculation Date and on any other date on which the verification of the Exposure Limit is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
Observed Eligible OC Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the Observed Eligible OC Amount is met 
on each Calculation Date and on any other date on which the verification of the Observed 
Eligible OC Amount is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
The verification of the Observed Eligible OC Amount is a verification of the minimum legal 
over-collateralization, that is carried out after an Issuer Event of Default for purposes of 
ensuring compliance with the over-collateralization requirements of Article 129 of CRR. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
An Extended Maturity Date may be specified as applying in relation to a Series of Covered 
Bonds in the applicable Final Terms. This means that if the Issuer fails to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the relevant Maturity Date 
and if the Covered Bond Guarantor has, on the Extension Determination Date, insufficient 
Available Funds (in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments) to pay in 
full the relevant Final Redemption Amount, then payment of the unpaid amount pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and 
payable on the Extended Maturity Date. However, any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Extension Determination Date may be 
paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter, up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
amount and be payable on each CB Payment Date during such extended period up to (and 
including) the Extended Maturity Date or, if earlier, the CB Payment Date on which the Final 
Redemption Amount is paid in full. In the event of extension of maturity or in case of 
liquidazione coatta amministrativa or resolution of the Issuer, the extension of the Final 
Maturity Date shall not affect the ranking or the sequencing of the Covered Bonds.  
Asset Monitoring 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on or about the Programme Date, the Issuer has 
appointed the Asset Monitor in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information 
from the Issuer, specific monitoring activities, concerning the compliance of the Programme 
with Title I-bis of Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulations including, inter alia, (i) the 
fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under Law 130 with respect to the Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Portfolio; (ii) the compliance with the 
limits to the transfer of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets set out under 
the BoI OBG Regulations, Law 130 and Article 129 of the CRR; and (iii) the effectiveness 
and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in the 
context of the Programme. Furthermore, under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement 
entered into between the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Asset Monitor has agreed 
with the Issuer and, upon delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (and until the date of its 
withdrawal) and a Notice to Pay, with the Covered Bond Guarantor, to verify, subject to due 
receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, the 
arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent under the 
Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure 
Limit and the Observed Eligible OC Amount, carried out pursuant to the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate. 
Further Information 
For a more detailed description of the transactions described above relating to the Covered 
Bonds, see, amongst other relevant sections of this Base Prospectus, the sections headed 
“Overview of the Programme”, “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, “Description 
of the Transaction Documents”, “Credit Structure”, “Cashflows” and “The Portfolio”.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following 
documents, which have been previously published, or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus or filed with the CSSF, together, in each case, with the audit reports (if any) 
thereon:  
(a) 
the English translation of the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2024; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-relations/bilanci-relazioni-
en/2024/30092024_Interim_statement.pdf  
(b) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial 
statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 
2024, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2024 Half-yearly Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2024/30062024_Half-
yearly_report.pdf  
(c) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, as shown in the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2023 Annual Report, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2023/2023_Annual__report.pdf  
(d) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, as shown in the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2022 Annual Report, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2022/2022_Annual__report.pdf 
(e) 
the English translation of Covered Bond Guarantor’s audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2023, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20240806_ISP%20C
B%20IPOTECARIO%20Finan.%20Stat.%2031.12.2023_ENG.pdf 
(f) 
the English translation of Covered Bond Guarantor’s audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2022, available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20230518_Annuale_
2022_CBI_uk.pdf

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 10 
January 2024, pages from 309 to 357 (both included), prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme;  
 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/20240111_ISP_CB_IPO
TECARIO-Base_Prospectus_(Update_January_2024).pdf  
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by 
reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
part of the documents listed under items from (a) to (g) above not listed in cross reference list 
below but contained in such documents, is not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained 
from the registered office of the Issuer or, for the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022, the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, the auditors’ report for the 
Issuer for the financial years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 on the 
Issuer’s website  
(www.group.intesasanpaolo.com/scriptIsir0/si09/investor_relations/eng_bilanci_relazioni.jsp). 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will also be available on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s web site (https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-
IntesaSanPaolo/13734). 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements referred to above, together with the audit 
reports thereon, are available both in the original Italian language and in English language. 
The English language versions represent a direct translation from the Italian language 
documents. The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, as relevant, are responsible for the 
English translations of the financial reports incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
and declare that such is an accurate and not misleading translation in all material respects of 
the Italian language version of the Issuer's and Covered Bond Guarantor’s financial reports (as 
applicable). 
 
Cross-reference List  
The following table shows where the information incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, including the information required under Annex 7 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(in respect of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor), can be found in the above-
mentioned documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group – Interim Statement as at 30 September 2024  
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet 
34-35 
Consolidated income statement 
36 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income 
37 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity 
38-39 
Accounting policies 
115-120 
Attachments 
123-146 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2024  
Consolidated balance sheet 
132-133 
Consolidated income statement 
134 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income 
135 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity 
136-137 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
138 
Explanatory Notes 
139-225 
Accounting policies 
141-149 
Subsequent events 
150 
Information on the consolidated balance sheet 
151-160 
Information on the consolidated income statement 
161-168 
Risk management 
169-217 
Shareholder base, transactions with related parties and other information 
218-225 
Segment reporting 
226-228 
Certification of the Half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements 
pursuant to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 
229 
Independent Auditors' Report 
231-233 
Attachments 
235-256

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2023 Annual Report  
 
 
Page number(s) 
Alternative Performance Measures 
171-175 
Consolidated balance sheet 
182-183 
Consolidated income statement 
184 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income 
185 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity 
186 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
188 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
189-617 
– Part A – Accounting policies 
191-288 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet 
289-396 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement 
397-425 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income 
426 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies 
427-591 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital 
592-595 
– Part G – Business combinations 
596-599 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with 
related parties 
600-605 
– Part I – Share-based payments 
606-609 
– Part L – Segment reporting 
610-613 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases 
614-617 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to 
Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 
619 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial 
statements 
621-630 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
631-663

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2022 Annual Report 
 
 
Page number(s) 
Alternative Performance Measures 
189-193 
Consolidated balance sheet 
200-201 
Consolidated income statement 
202 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income 
203 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity 
204-205 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
206 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
207-615 
– Part A – Accounting policies 
209-300 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet 
301-389 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement 
390-412 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income  
413 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policie 
414-581 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital  
582-586 
– Part G – Business combinations 
587-594 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related 
parties 
595-600 
– Part I – Share-based payment 
601-606 
– Part L – Segment reporting 
607-610 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases 
611-615 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 
154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 
617 
Independent Auditors’ Report on the consolidated financial statements 
621-628 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
629-659

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor for the year ended 
on 31 December 2023  
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Page 
number(s) 
Statement of financial position 
14 
Statement of Income 
15 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 16 
Statements of changes in equity 
17 
Statement of Cash Flows  
18 
Notes to the financial statements 
19-59 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Pages 62-65 of 
the PDF version 
of the document  
 
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor for the year ended 
on 31 December 2022  
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor 
Page number(s) 
Statement of financial position 
16-17 
Statement of Income 
18 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 19 
Statements of changes in equity 
20 
Statement of Cash Flows  
21 
Notes to the financial statements 
23-64 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Pages 24-27 of the 
PDF version of the 
document

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in previous Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus 
dated 10 Jannuary 2024 
Pages 309 – 357 
 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the 
accounting principles issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the 
relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Standards – Interpretations 
Committee (IFRS - IC), as endorsed by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 
1606/2002. 
 
The information not included in the cross-reference lists above is not incorporated by 
reference. Part of the documents in the cross-reference list above has not been incorporated by 
reference and is considered either not relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS, FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER 
PROSPECTUSES 
 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a 
new Base Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate 
or incomplete and has further agreed with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of the Covered Bonds and which arises or is noted between the time when this 
Base Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds on a regulated market begins, in respect of Covered Bonds issued on the basis 
of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with the Dealers to issue Covered Bonds in a form not 
contemplated in the section headed “Form of Final Terms”. To the extent that the information 
relating to that Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds constitutes a significant new factor in 
relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to 
such Series or Tranche (a Drawdown Prospectus) will be made available and will contain 
such information. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
will be the conditions set out in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds”, as amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor and the relevant 
Covered Bonds or (2) by a registration document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor, a securities note containing the 
necessary information relating to the relevant Covered Bonds and, if applicable, a summary 
note. 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission to trading of the Covered Bonds 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, that if there shall occur any 
adverse change in the business or financial position of the Issuer or any change in the 
information set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, that is material in 
the context of the issuance of Covered Bonds under the Programme, the Issuer will prepare or 
procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, 
publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer 
of Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
 
History and Organisation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Intesa Sanpaolo Origins  
Intesa Sanpaolo is the result of the merger by incorporation of Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. with 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. (effective 1 January 2007). 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. was originally established in 1925 under the name of La Centrale and 
invested in the business of the production and distribution of electricity. After the 
nationalisation of companies in this sector in the early 1960s, the company changed its name 
to La Centrale Finanziaria Generale, acquiring equity investments in various companies in the 
banking, insurance and publishing sector. The company merged by incorporation with Nuovo 
Banco Ambrosiano in 1985 and assumed its name and constitutional objects. Following the 
acquisition of Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde S.p.A. ("Cariplo") in January 
1998, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to Gruppo Banca Intesa. Then, in 2001, 
Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A. was merged into Gruppo Banca Intesa and the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to "Banca Intesa Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A.". 
On 1 January 2003 the corporate name was changed to "Banca Intesa S.p.A.". 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo IMI") was formed in 1998 through the merger of Istituto 
Mobiliare Italiano S.p.A. ("IMI") and Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino S.p.A. 
("Sanpaolo"). 
Sanpaolo originated from the "Compagnia di San Paolo" brotherhood, which was set up in 
1563 to help the needy. The "Compagnia di San Paolo" began undertaking credit activities and 
progressively developed into a banking institution during the nineteenth century, becoming a 
public law credit institution (Istituto di Credito di Diritto Pubblico) in 1932. Between 1960 
and 1990, Sanpaolo expanded its network nationwide through a number of acquisitions of 
local banks and medium-sized regional banks, ultimately reaching the level of a 
multifunctional group of national importance in 1991 after its acquisition of Crediop. On 31 
December 1991, Sanpaolo became a stock corporation (società per azioni) with the name 
Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino Società per Azioni. 
IMI was established as a public law entity in 1931 and during the 1980s it developed its 
specialist credit and investment banking services and, with Banca Fideuram, its professional 
asset management and financial consultancy services. IMI became a joint stock corporation 
(società per azioni) in 1991. 
The merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI and the creation of Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
The boards of directors of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI unanimously approved the merger 
of Sanpaolo IMI with Banca Intesa on 12 October 2006 and the merger became effective on 1 
January 2007. The surviving entity changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the Parent 
Company of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
Merger of Banca IMI 
Intesa Sanpaolo announced on 2 April 2020 that following authorization given by the ECB, 
the plan for the merger by incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed 
with the Companies Register of Turin. The merger, which was approved by the Board of 
Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 5 May 2020 and by the shareholders' meeting of Banca IMI 
S.p.A., was completed on 20 July 2020. 
UBI Banca S.p.A. 
Unione di Banche Italiane S.p.A. ("UBI Banca") is the entity resulting from the merger by 
incorporation of Banca Lombarda e Piemontese S.p.A. into Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.a. 
(the "Merger"). The Merger became legally effective on 1 April 2007, with the surviving 
entity, BPU, changing its name to UBI Banca. On 12 October 2015, UBI Banca was the first 
Italian banca popolare to become a Joint Stock Company (S.p.A.). On 12 April 2019, the 
ordinary shareholders' meeting of UBI Banca appointed a Board of Directors and a 
Management Control Committee for the three-year period 2019-2020-2021, implementing the 
one-tier governance model adopted on 19 October 2018 through the resolution of a 
shareholders' meeting in extraordinary session. 
The merger between Intesa Sanpaolo and UBI Banca 
Intesa Sanpaolo acquired control of UBI Banca on 5 August 2020 and merged with it by 
incorporation on 12 April 2021. 
Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo is a company limited by shares, incorporated in 1925 under the laws of Italy, 
operating under Italian law and registered with the Companies' Registry of Turin under 
registration number 00799960158. It is also registered on the National Register of Banks 
under no. 5361 and is the Parent Company of the "Intesa Sanpaolo" banking group. 
Registered Office 
Intesa Sanpaolo's registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy) and its 
telephone number is +39 0115551. Intesa Sanpaolo's secondary registered office is at Via 
Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan (Italy) and its telephone number is +39 0287911. 
Website 
Intesa Sanpaolo's website is https://group.intesasanpaolo.com. The information on the website 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Intesa Sanpaolo mission 
The purpose of Intesa Sanpaolo is the deposit-taking and the carrying-on of all forms of 
lending activities, both directly and through its subsidiaries. Intesa Sanpaolo may, in 
compliance with laws and regulations applicable from time to time and subject to being 
granted the required authorisations, directly and through its subsidiaries, provide all banking 
and financial services, including the establishment and management of open-ended and 
closed-ended pension schemes, as well as carry out any other transactions that are 
instrumental for, or related to the achievement of, its corporate purpose.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
Ratings 
The long-term credit ratings assigned to Intesa Sanpaolo are the following: 
• 
BBB (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS"), Positive Trend; 
• 
BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings"), Positive Outlook; 
• 
Baa1 by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"), Stable Outlook; and 
• 
BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings"), Stable 
Outlook. 
Each of Morningstar DBRS, Fitch Ratings, Moody's and S&P Global Ratings is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") and appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of 10 July 2024) on the ESMA website https://www.esma.europa.eu. 
The rating Moody’s Italia S.r.l. will give to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd, which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). 
 
Share Capital 
As at 2 December 2024 the subscribed and paid-in share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo amounts to 
€10,368,870,930.08, represented by 17,803,670,501 ordinary shares without nominal value. 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at 
a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Issuer.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Organisational Structure of the Divisions (last updated on 5 December 2024)  
 
 
Organisation chart of the Divisions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland 
Banca Intesa Beograd 
Fideuram 
Epsilon SGR 
Fideuram Vita 
Isybank 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg 
Bank of Alexandria 
Fideuram Asset Management Ireland 
Eurizon Asset Management Croatia 
InSalute Servizi 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil 
CIB Bank 
Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking 
Eurizon Asset Management Hungary 
Intesa Sanpaolo Assicurazioni 
 
 
Eximbank 
Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking 
Eurizon Asset Management Slovakia 
Intesa Sanpaolo Insurance Agency 
 
 
First Bank 
Intesa Sanpaolo Wealth Management 
Eurizon Capital 
Intesa Sanpaolo Protezione 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank (**) 
Reyl Intesa Sanpaolo 
Eurizon Capital Asia Limited 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania 
SIREF Fiduciaria 
Eurizon Capital Real Asset SGR 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania 
 
Eurizon Capital S.A. 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i Hercegovina 
 
Eurizon SLJ Capital LTD 
 
 
 
Pravex Bank 
 
 
 
 
 
Privredna Banka Zagreb 
 
 
 
 
 
VUB Banka 
 
 
 
(*) Domestic Commercial Banking  
(**) Slovenia 
P. PAPANICOLAOU 
INTERNATIONAL 
BANKS 
DIVISION 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CEO 
CARLO MESSINA 
WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
DIVISIONS 
T. CORCOS 
BANCA DEI 
TERRITORI 
DIVISION (*) 
S. BARRESE 
IMI CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
M. MICILLO 
V. BORLA 
INSURANCE 
DIVISION 
M. L. GOTA 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
DIVISION 
L. MAINOLFI 
PRIVATE BANKING 
DIVISION

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is one of the top banking groups in Europe with a significant ESG 
commitment, a world-class position in Social Impact and a strong focus on climate. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a banking group in Italy with 13.7 million customers and over 
3,300 branches. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a provider of financial products and services to both households 
and enterprises in Italy. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group has a strategic international presence, with over 900 branches and 
7.5 million customers. It is among the top players in several countries in Central Eastern 
Europe and in the Middle East and North Africa, through its local subsidiary banks: the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group ranks first in Serbia, second in Croatia and Slovakia, fourth in Albania and 
Slovenia, sixth in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Egypt, seventh in Moldova and Hungary. 
As at 30 September 2024, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group had total assets of € 949,186 million, 
customer loans of € 421,946 million, direct deposits from banking business of € 588,930 
million and direct deposits from insurance business of €177,402 million. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates through six divisions: 
(a) 
The Banca dei Territori division: focuses on the market and centrality of the territory 
for stronger relations with individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and non-
profit entities. The division includes the activities in industrial credit, leasing and 
factoring, as well as the digital bank Isybank (which also operates in instant banking 
through Mooney, the partnership with the ENEL Group). 
(b) 
The IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division: a global partner which, taking 
a medium-long term view, supports corporates, financial institutions and public 
administration, both nationally and internationally. Its main activities include capital 
markets and investment banking. The division is present in 24 countries where it 
facilitates the cross-border activities of its customers through a specialist network 
made up of branches, representative offices and subsidiary banks focused on corporate 
banking. 
(c) 
The International Banks division: includes the following commercial banking 
subsidiaries: Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania in Albania, Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Privredna Banka Zagreb in Croatia, the 
Prague branch of VUB Banka in the Czech Republic, Bank of Alexandria in Egypt, 
Eximbank in Moldova, CIB Bank in Hungary, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania and 
First Bank in Romania, Banca Intesa Beograd in Serbia, VUB Banka in Slovakia, 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank in Slovenia and Pravex Bank in Ukraine. 
(d) 
The Private Banking division: serves the customer segment consisting of Private 
clients and High Net Worth Individuals with the offering of products and services 
tailored for this segment. The division includes Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private 
Banking with 6,826 private bankers. 
(e) 
The Asset Management division: asset management solutions targeted at the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's customers, commercial networks outside the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, and institutional clientele. The division includes Eurizon with €327 billion of 
assets under management. 
(f) 
The Insurance division: insurance and pension products tailored for the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's clients. The division holds direct deposits of €177 billion and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
includes Intesa Sanpaolo Assicurazioni - which controls Intesa Sanpaolo Protezione, 
Intesa Sanpaolo Insurance Agency and InSalute Servizi - and Fideuram Vita. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the last two years 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2023 – Highlights 
Intesa Sanpaolo launches buyback for remaining 1,700 million euro 
With reference to the programme for the purchase of own shares for annulment (buyback), 
approved by the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2022 and authorised by 
the ECB with decision notified on 24 June 2022, for a maximum total outlay of €3,400 
million and a number of shares not exceeding 2,615,384,615 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, 
after the initial programme launched on 4 July and concluded on 11 October 2022 for an 
outlay of €1,700 million and the purchase of 988,632,803 shares (all of them annulled), on 3 
February 2023 the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo resolved to implement the execution 
of the remaining part of the programme for a maximum outlay of €1,700 million and a 
number of shares not exceeding 1,626,751,812. 
The purchases started on 13 February 2023 and ended on 4 April 2023. During the period, a 
total of 706,004,171 shares were purchased, equal to around 3.72% of the share capital 
outstanding at the end of the programme, at an average purchase price of 2.4079 euro per 
share, for a total countervalue of 1,699,999,999.33 euro. 
The transactions took place on the regulated market Euronext Milan managed by Borsa 
Italiana through the third-party intermediary appointed to execute the programme, in full 
independence and without any involvement of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, in compliance with 
the terms authorised by the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2022. 
The annulment of the shares took place on 2 May 2023. While the share capital remained 
unchanged at 10,368,870,930.08 euro, the number of ordinary shares with no nominal value 
decreased from 18,988,803,160 to 18,282,798,989. The Articles of Association amended to 
reflect said annulment were filed with the Turin Company Register on 3 May 2023. 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
On 28 April 2023, the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held, validly 
constituted, on a single call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the appointed 
representative (in accordance with Article 106, paragraph 4, of Law Decree No. 18 dated 17 
March 2020, converted by Law No. 27 dated 24 April 2020, whose effects were most recently 
extended by Law No. 14 dated 24 February 2023) counted 3,167 holders of voting rights 
attached to 10,897,630,179 ordinary shares without nominal value representing 57.38977% of 
the share capital. The Shareholders' Meeting voted in favour of all the items on the agenda. 
The resolutions concerned7: 
− the approval of the Parent Company's 2022 financial statements and the allocation of net 
income, with the distribution to the shareholders of a remaining dividend for 2022 
corresponding to 8.68 euro cents per ordinary share, subject to increase as a result of the 
execution of the programme of purchase of own shares for annulment (buyback). Following 
the annulment of the shares announced at the beginning of May8, from 24 May 2023 (with 
 
 
7 
The related majority of votes by which they were passed are set out in detail in the press release 
published on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's website. 
8 
In this regard, see the information provided above.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
coupon presentation on 22 May and record date on 23 May), the amount of 9.01 euro cents for 
each of the 18,282,798,989 ordinary shares constituting the share capital9 was paid as a 
remaining dividend on the 2022 net income, for a total dividend distribution, taking into 
account the interim dividend of 1,399,608,167.99 euro paid in November 202210, of 3,046 
million euro, corresponding to a payout ratio of 70% of the consolidated net income; 
− the remuneration policies and incentive plans. In particular, the Shareholders' Meeting 
approved the remuneration and incentive policies for 2023 as described respectively in 
chapters 4 and 1 of Section I of the Report on remuneration policy and compensation paid; it 
passed a resolution agreeing on the Disclosure on compensation paid in 2022 as described in 
Section II of the same Report; and it approved the 2023 Annual Incentive Plan, which 
provides for the assignment, for free, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, to be purchased on 
the market; 
− the authorisation to purchase and dispose of own shares to serve the incentive plans and for 
trading purposes. 
Isybank 
On 15 June 2023, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group officially presented Isybank11, its new digital 
bank, a key project of the 2022-2025 Business Plan, aimed at combining the solidity and 
commercial offering of a bank with simple, fast services typical of a fintech company. The 
new company is aimed at the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's customers who are mainly digital users 
of banking services and mobile banking-oriented, while maintaining the possibility of a direct 
relationship with the staff of the digital branch. 
With Isybank, Intesa Sanpaolo enters the fintech world, marking its transition from incumbent 
to challenger, further improving customer service, while also creating innovative, flexible 
work opportunities. Isybank is based on cloud-native technology, adaptable to a multi-
currency environment and multinational customers. Thought Machine – a core banking 
technology company based in the UK, with regional offices in New York, Singapore and 
Sydney – has been selected as the ideal partner to bring the new digital banking platform to 
life. The partnership was also strengthened by the GBP 40 million invested by Intesa 
Sanpaolo in the capital of the company. 
 
 
9 
The total amount of the dividend paid was 1,646,462,490.59 euro against 1,765,623.70 euro 
allocated to the Extraordinary reserve in relation to the portion not distributed to the 9,075,453 own 
shares held by the Bank at the record date (817,698.32 euro) and the rounding differences arisen 
during the calculation of the final amount of the dividend (947,925.38 euro). 
10 Interim dividends are considered net of the portion not distributed to the 23,922,835 own shares 
held by the Bank at the record date, amounting to 1,765,505.22 euro. 
11 On 1 January 2023, the amendment of the Articles of Association of Banca 5 S.p.A. took effect, 
giving the company its new name Isybank S.p.A. The amendment, authorised by the ECB on 10 
October 2022, was approved by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Banca 5 on 28 October 
2022.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
On 19 July 2023, the agreement was signed with the Trade Unions concerning the transfer of 
two business lines by the 100% controlling company Intesa Sanpaolo to Isybank. The transfer, 
approved by the Parent Company on 30 March 2023, involves two separate business lines, 
each consisting of a set of assets and legal relations operationally organised for the 
management of private individual customers who primarily use digital channels. 
On 11 October 2023, Isybank approved a share capital increase from 30 million to 31 million, 
to be carried out in two tranches and settled through the contributions in kind of the above-
mentioned business lines, which were valued by Intesa Sanpaolo with the support of an 
independent third-party expert. 
On the weekend of 14-15 October 2023, the transfer was completed of the first business line 
consisting of around 300,000 Intesa Sanpaolo customers with simpler operational 
characteristics, identified based on specific criteria. The transfer took legal effect on 16 
October 2023. The second transfer, which involved customers with more complex 
characteristics than the previous transfer, took legal effect on 18 March 2024, alongside the 
enhancement of the product catalogue, services and features, as well as new marketing and 
communication initiatives (see more detail below in the section "Intesa Sanpaolo in 2024 – 
Highlights – Other highlights"). 
Following the initial communications sent to the customers involved (communications of June 
2023 for the first set and July/November 2023 for the second set), in January 2024 a letter was 
sent to repeat the information provided in the previous communications and highlight further 
aspects aimed at enabling customers to thoroughly evaluate the transfer to Isybank and give 
their consent to the operation, also in response to the requests from the Italian Antitrust 
Authority (the "AGCM"). The information campaign was further bolstered through the 
publication of these communications in several national newspapers. For the customers 
already transferred, the letter provided the opportunity to confirm their satisfaction or desire to 
open a new account with Intesa Sanpaolo. For the customers included within the scope of the 
transfer in March 2024, the letter invited them to give their explicit consent to the acceptance 
of the transfer. 
Other highlights 
In line with the strong push towards digitalisation that characterises the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's 2022-2025 Business Plan, at the beginning of July 2023 Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Banking officially presented Direct Advisory, the first digital financial advisory 
service for investment management, which leverages a team of Direct Bankers, professionals 
enrolled in Italy's sole register of financial advisors, operating in fully remote form through 
digital solutions. This service enhances Fideuram Direct, the digital platform for those who 
want to operate independently on listed financial instruments and asset management products, 
offering itself in a complementary and synergistic way to traditional networks. 
On 28 July 2023, the results of the 2023 EU-Wide Stress Test were announced. The test was 
conducted by the EBA, in cooperation with the SSM, the Bank of Italy, the ECB and the 
European Systemic Risk Board and also involved Intesa Sanpaolo for the scope of 
consolidation. The reference scenario covers a three-year horizon (2023-2025). The stress test 
has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 2022 and 
therefore does not take into account future business strategies and management actions. It is 
not a forecast of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's profits. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group fully loaded CET 1 ratio resulting from the stress test for 2025, 
the final year considered in the exercise, stood at 14.85% under the baseline scenario and 
10.85% under the adverse scenario, compared to the starting-point figure of 13.53% as of 31

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
December 2022. These results highlight that Intesa Sanpaolo is able to confirm its solidity 
even in complex scenarios, thanks to its well-diversified and resilient business model.  
In line with the proactive management of its the capital base, on 31 August 2023 Intesa 
Sanpaolo announced a cash tender offer for any and all of its perpetual "€750,000,000 6.25% 
Additional Tier 1 Notes" outstanding for the full nominal amount (ISIN XS1614415542, first 
call on 16 May 2024), at a price of 100.25% – an offer subject to the terms and conditions, as 
well as the offer and distribution restrictions, set out in the tender offer memorandum dated 31 
August 2023 – and the accompanying launch of a new issue of fixed-rate reset perpetual 
Additional Tier 1 notes in a nominal amount of no less than 750,000,000 euro to be offered, 
subject to market conditions, to qualified investors, including holders of the notes subject of 
the offer. 
At the Offer Expiration, on 7 September 2023, the amount of the notes validly tendered 
amounted to 503,077,000 euro, equivalent to 67.08% of the nominal amount outstanding, 
which Intesa Sanpaolo agreed to repurchase. Accordingly, on the settlement date of 11 
September 2023, it paid the purchase price consideration and the accrued interest amount to 
the holders that tendered the notes. The notes are now outstanding for the remaining amount 
of 246,923,000 euro and will be redeemed in full on the first call date (16 May 2024) as Intesa 
Sanpaolo has already received the necessary authorisation from the ECB. 
On 7 September, the settlement took place of the new perpetual "€1,250,000,000 9.125% 
Additional Tier 1 Notes" (ISIN XS2678939427), listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
with first interest rate reset date on 7 March 2030 and every five years thereafter. 
During the period from 11 September to 13 September 2023 an ordinary share buyback 
programme was implemented to service plans for the assignment, free of charge, of Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares to the employees and the Financial Advisors of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, in relation to (i) mainly, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group share-based incentive plan for 
2022; and (ii) to a lesser extent, the incentive plans of certain subsidiaries, also relating to 
2022. These incentive plans are reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in excess of the 
so-called "materiality threshold"12, for those who are paid a "particularly high" amount13 and 
for those who, among Middle Management or Professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue 
"relevant bonuses"14. In addition, the programme was implemented in order to grant, when 
certain conditions occur, severance payments upon early termination of employment. 
In the three days during which the programme was executed, a total of 32,000,000 Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares were purchased, through the IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Division, tasked with the programme execution. These represent around 0.18% of the share 
capital of the Parent Company. The average price was 2.4697 euro per share, for a total 
 
 
12 Equal to €50 thousand or one third of the total remuneration (unless otherwise provided for by 
specific local regulations). 
13 Pursuant to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group Remuneration and Incentive Policies, for the three-year 
period 2022-2024 a variable remuneration exceeding €400 thousand constitutes a "particularly high" 
amount. 
14 Namely, an amount exceeding the "materiality threshold" (for Middle Management and 
Professionals generally equal to 80 thousand euro, unless otherwise provided for by specific local 
regulations, it being understood that, for those working in the business functions of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Wealth Management and those belonging to the Reyl Group, the threshold is equal to 150 thousand 
euro) and 100% of fixed remuneration.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
countervalue of 79,031,462.67 euro. The Parent Company purchased 20,200,547 shares at an 
average price of 2.4683 euro per share, for a countervalue of 49,861,766.11 euro. 
The transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and 
2359-bis of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits determined in the resolutions passed 
by the competent corporate bodies. Specifically, in the case of the Parent Company, the 
transactions were executed in accordance with the terms approved by the Shareholders' 
Meeting of 28 April 2023. 
Pursuant to Article 132 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and Article 144-bis of the Issuer's 
Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases were executed on the regulated market 
Euronext Milan managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid down in 
the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases were arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions 
under Article 5 of Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 April 2014, and Articles 2, 3, and 4 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
The number of shares purchased daily did not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2023, which was equal to 89.9 million 
shares, and 15% of the volume traded on the Euronext Milan market on each of the days when 
purchases were executed – in accordance with the constraint added in the programme to the 
above-mentioned regulatory conditions and restrictions. 
On 12 September 2023, Intesa Sanpaolo, which offers real estate brokerage and advisory 
services through Intesa Sanpaolo Casa via a network of agencies in major Italian cities, 
together with Homepal a Better Place, a next-generation online real estate agency, which 
supports customers in the various stages of buying and selling real estate through a digital 
platform and real estate agents operating remotely, and BPER Banca, already a shareholder of 
Homepal, announced that they had reached an agreement for a strategic and commercial 
partnership to create a new player operating across the Italian market. The new entity will be 
able to draw on the complementary service models of Intesa Sanpaolo Casa and Homepal and 
leverage the Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER networks to meet customers' property buying and 
selling needs through technological services, physical presence and the experience of their 
agents. 
The agreement was finalised on 23 October 2023 with Intesa Sanpaolo's transfer of its 100% 
shareholding in Intesa Sanpaolo Casa to Homepal. Following the transaction, Intesa Sanpaolo 
has a 49% shareholding in Homepal, with the remaining 34% held by Homepal's previous 
shareholders and 17% by BPER Banca. The value of the transfer of Intesa Sanpaolo Casa to 
Homepal was supported by a fairness opinion prepared by an independent expert in 
accordance with Article 2343 of the Italian Civil Code. Intesa Sanpaolo's rights as a non-
controlling shareholder and the governance of the company were also defined within the 
transaction. Based on the provisions of the agreements made, Intesa Sanpaolo's shareholding 
in Homepal has been classified under interests subject to significant influence pursuant to IAS 
28. 
The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of Homepal held on 1 December 2023 approved (i) 
the plan for the merger by incorporation of the wholly-owned subsidiaries Intesa Sanpaolo 
Casa S.p.A. and Homepal Real Estate S.r.l. into Homepal a Better Place S.p.A., in accordance 
with Article 2505 of the Italian Civil Code, as well as (ii) the change in the name of the 
absorbing company from Homepal a Better Place S.p.A. to Rexer S.p.A. 
With reference to the one-off tax calculated on the increase in banks' net interest income, 
pursuant to Article 26 of Decree Law no. 104 of 10 August 2023 converted with amendments

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
by Law no. 136 of 9 October 2023, and considering in particular the provision in paragraph 5-
bis of that article allowing for the allocation of an amount to a non-distributable reserve, in 
lieu of payment of the tax envisaged, of no less than two and a half times the amount of the 
tax, the Board of Directors, in its meeting held on 25 October 2023, decided to propose to the 
Shareholders' Meeting, when approving the 2023 financial statements, net income allocation 
and dividend distribution to shareholders, the allocation of 1,991,446,276.10 euro from the net 
income for the full year 2023 to a specific reserve, thus taking up the option provided by the 
above-mentioned measure. 
Should this reserve be distributed in the future, it shall be subject to payment of the tax 
calculated pursuant to paragraph 3 of Article 26, amounting to 796,578,510.44 euro, plus 
interest calculated based on the interest rate on deposits with the ECB. Due to the amount of 
the freely distributable reserves not classed as suspended tax available to Intesa Sanpaolo as at 
31 December 2023 (€23,177 million) and the presence of additional freely distributable 
reserves classed as suspended tax (€4,750 million), it is deemed highly unlikely that the 
above-mentioned tax shall be paid in the future. 
In accordance with the instruction of the Parent Company, similar commitments were also 
made by the Boards of Directors of the subsidiary banks impacted by the measure: Fideuram - 
Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking, Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking and Isybank. In lieu of the 
one-off tax, a proposal will therefore be made to the Shareholders' Meetings, called to approve 
the 2023 Financial Statements, for the allocation to a specific reserve, pursuant to Article 26 
of Decree Law no. 104/2023 converted with amendments by Law no. 136/2023, of a total 
amount at Intesa Sanpaolo Group level of 2,068.8 million euro, corresponding to 2.5 times the 
total tax amount of 827.5 million euro. 
In line with its strategy focused on significant value creation for all stakeholders, Intesa 
Sanpaolo reaffirmed its commitment to continue supporting initiatives addressing social 
needs, fighting inequalities, and fostering financial, social, educational and cultural inclusion. 
Specifically, on 25 October 2023 the Bank announced its intention to contribute with a total 
amount expected to be equal to around €1.5 billion costs in the five-year period 2023-2027. 
This amount comprises around €1 billion allocated to the above-mentioned initiatives, 
identified on a case-by-case basis, and around €500 million from structure costs for around 
1,000 people devoted to supporting the initiatives and a new dedicated organisational unit 
called "Intesa Sanpaolo for Social Impact" based in Brescia, set up to strengthen Intesa 
Sanpaolo's social impact strategy for local communities. These costs have already been taken 
into account, on a pro-rata basis, in the guidance on the outlook for the 2024-2025 net income. 
On 28 October 2023, Intesa Sanpaolo and the US-based private investment fund J.C. Flowers 
& Co. signed an agreement for the acquisition of 99.98% of the shares of the Romanian bank 
First Bank S.A. The transaction was completed on 31 May 2024, after the necessary 
authorisations were obtained from the various supervisory authorities. 
First Bank is a commercial bank with 40 branches in Romania focused on serving SMEs and 
retail customers. In recent years the bank has prioritised investments in digital technology, 
developing one of the market's best-regarded mobile banking apps. The transaction will 
strengthen the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's presence in Central and Eastern Europe, and in 
particular in Romania where it already operates through Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania, part 
of Intesa Sanpaolo's International Banks Division. 
On 3 November 2023 Intesa Sanpaolo decided to distribute an interim dividend on the 2023 
results equal to €14.40 cents per share, before tax, corresponding to € 2,633 million in 
aggregate. The decision was based on the absence of limitations to dividend distributions, 
including recommendations from the regulators regarding capital requirements applicable to 
Intesa Sanpaolo, as well as on the basis of Intesa Sanpaolo's capital ratios. No distribution was

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
made to own shares held by the Bank at the record date. The interim dividend was paid on 22 
November 2023. 
On 30 November 2023 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it had received notification of the 
ECB's final decision concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a 
consolidated basis, as of 1 January 2024, following the results of the SREP. 
At the time of the notification, the overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of 
CET 1 ratio was 9.33%. 
This is the result of: 
• 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.50% comprising a minimum 
Pillar 1 capital requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is CET 1 ratio, and an additional 
Pillar 2 capital requirement of 1.50%, of which 0.84% is CET 1 ratio applying the 
regulatory amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
• 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of CET 1 ratio, relating to: 
• 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%, 
• 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 1.25%, 
• 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.24%15 
Lastly, to complete the disclosure for 2023, the voluntary exits plan continued in accordance 
with the trade union agreements of 29 September 2020 and 16 November 2021. 
There were 2,259 voluntary exits during the year (1,234 in the first quarter, 68 in the second 
quarter, 888 in the third quarter, of which 855 take effect from 1 July, and 69 in the fourth 
quarter) for a total of 7,118 exits from the beginning of 2021, against the 9,200 exits expected 
to take place by the first quarter of 2025 under the terms of the two above-mentioned trade 
union agreements. 
In addition, at the beginning of January 2024 there was a further exit window involving 
around 750 Intesa Sanpaolo Group employees. 
In 2023, there were around 1,650 hires (of which around 500 in the first quarter, 400 in the 
second quarter, 350 in the third quarter, and 400 in the fourth quarter) as part of those 
agreements, for a total of around 3,000 from the beginning of 2021 compared with the 4,600 
planned by the end of 2025. 
Within the Next Way of Working project, the real estate and technological interventions 
aimed at constructing new workspaces designed to enhance the moments of presence in the 
office continued and are still underway. This renovation of the spaces is continuing alongside 
the implementation of technological tools (release of the space booking function in the 
planning and reservation tool) and specific targeted communication campaigns. In particular, 
the new building complex in Via Melchiorre Gioia 22 in Milan was completed in 2023 and 
now houses the Private Banking, Insurance and Asset Management Divisions, as well as 
Isybank. At the end of the year, work was also completed on the premises in Como, Jesi, 
Bologna, Naples, Turin and Bergamo, while the remaining work was completed on the 
 
 
15 Calculated taking into account the exposure as at 31 December 2023 in the various countries where 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the 
competent national authorities and relating to 2025, where available, or the most recent update of 
the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for the first quarter of 2024).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
premises in Rome in the early weeks of 2024. The design work is still being defined for 
Cuneo, while it is in the process of being agreed for Treviso. In line with the ESG initiatives 
for sustainable energy use, a pilot phase was launched involving the temporary closure of 
several offices in Milan (four) over the Christmas period (27 December 2023 to 5 January 
2024 inclusive), which is typically characterised by a significant reduction in office 
attendance, while ensuring the possibility of in-presence work during the closure period by 
making other company spaces available in nearby areas, upon booking, as an alternative to the 
voluntary adoption of remote working. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2024 – Highlights 
The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine  
The ISP subsidiaries in Russia and Ukraine 
The Group is present in Russia and Ukraine through two subsidiaries: 
– Joint-Stock Company Banca Intesa ("Banca Intesa Russia"), 47% owned by Intesa 
Sanpaolo and 53% by Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International (Luxembourg). This is a 
Moscow-based corporate bank, which operates with 27 branches and 823 staff. The Group's 
presence in Russia dates back almost 50 years (initially as a Representative Office, closed in 
August 2023). The bank has participated in the financing of large national and international 
Russian projects, also offering a full range of banking services for small and medium-sized 
enterprises, retail customers and companies. The regional branch network extends from 
Kaliningrad to Vladivostok; 
– Pravex Bank Joint-Stock Company ("Pravex"), 100%-owned by Intesa Sanpaolo. This is a 
small commercial bank based in Kyiv, part of the International Banks Division, which 
operates with 39 branches mainly in the Kyiv region and employs 619 people. Intesa Sanpaolo 
acquired the bank in 2008 and has been operating in the country continuously since that date. 
The observations made in the 2023 Annual Report concerning Intesa Sanpaolo's continued 
control over the two entities, as reported in "Section 5 - Other Aspects of Part A of the Notes" 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, still apply. 
Risk management 
In view of the continuing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, in the third quarter of 
2024 the Group maintained the internal controls already described in the previous financial 
reports. The situation continues to be monitored both at Parent Company level and in all the 
Group banks directly involved in the conflict or close to it, where direct and continuous 
contacts are being maintained. Appropriate information is also always prepared for the Board 
Committees and the Board of Directors. 
The Risk Management and Control Task Force 
With regard to the monitoring of credit risk, there were no significant new developments to be 
reported for the third quarter of 2024. The implementation is continuing under the Credit 
Action Plan – with regard to the prevention of flows into non-performing status for exposures 
showing signs of difficulty, without being past-due – of specific diagnostic initiatives on 
companies in the energy-intensive and gas-intensive industries that are particularly sensitive 
to fluctuations in energy costs, also connected with the continued military conflict. 
In light of the further tightening of the sanctions imposed on Russia by Western countries, in 
order to ensure regulatory compliance, the close supervision continued through a specific

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
dashboard at Group level, aimed at monitoring the changes in the lists of sanctioned persons 
and entities at European and international level, identifying sanctioned persons and entities for 
the purpose of blocking positions and payments, complying with the specific ban on accepting 
deposits above the threshold set by the European regulations, and identifying and blocking 
financial instruments subject to sanctions. As at 30 September 2024, the exposure to Russian 
counterparties included in the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC SDN”) SDN and/or 
EU asset freeze lists amounted to €215 million, down on €235 million on 30 June and €237 
million at the end of 2023. 
Despite the inclusion of new sanctioned parties – as a result of the application of the thirteenth 
and fourteenth package of sanctions, enacted on 23 February and 24 June 2024 respectively – 
the Group’s overall exposure has reduced over the nine months as a result of a series of 
repayments of loans already in place with several EU/OFAC SDN sanctioned parties, 
authorised by the competent Authorities. 
Since the beginning of the conflict, the Group has also continued to monitor the evolution of 
the fallout of the Russian-Ukrainian crisis on the real economy and the main financial 
variables, also by conducting specific scenario analyses and stress tests to assess the potential 
impacts in terms of profitability and capital adequacy. Although the situation is constantly 
evolving, leaving aside extreme scenarios of conflict escalation that could lead to outcomes 
that are difficult to assess, these analyses confirm the Group's ability to ensure compliance – 
also through the implementation of specific actions – with the regulatory requirements and the 
stricter limits set internally. 
The Operational Resilience Task Force 
Regarding the initiatives implemented from the early stages of the conflict for Pravex's 
employees, to support their expatriation and/or their families, when requested, as at 30 
September 2024 there were no longer any employees or family member housed in the Group-
owned apartments and residencial facilities provided in Bergamo (20 residents at the end of 
June compared to 64 in December 2023).  
As a result, all those who received assistance from the Bank have become independent (some 
have returned to their home country, while others have settled independently in Italy) while 
continuing to maintain contact with the staff who assisted them. With regard to business 
continuity in Ukraine, also thanks to the actions taken during the more than two years of 
conflict, it has always been possible to ensure operational capability without the need to 
implement continuity solutions. 
To overcome the power supply problems, Starlink satellite equipment was provided to ensure 
data connection, along with power banks distributed to the headquarters and staff with critical 
and strategic tasks. Power generators were also installed in all the operational branches. The 
measures implemented are continuing to enable the uninterrupted provision of services and 
are still considered valid and sufficient to deal with the situation, even in light of increasing 
Russian attacks on Ukrainian power plants. 
In the third quarter, the number of branches open daily stabilized at the total number of  
available branches. The decision-making process regarding the operations of the individual 
branches continues to be based on a risk assessment methodology agreed with the Parent 
Company, which involves the use of specific indicators, always prioritising the safety of the 
staff. During the period there were no branches temporarily damaged by Russian attacks. 
At Banca Intesa Russia, the systems have always functioned without any operational problems 
since the beginning of the conflict.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
The monitoring is also continuing of the operations of Banca Comerciala Eximbank, the 
Group's Moldovan subsidiary, which still has no operational problems to report, despite the 
temporary worsening of the conflict in the area.  
In terms of cybersecurity, the monitoring and threat intelligence activities continue, alongside 
the continued strengthening of the cybersecurity controls throughout the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. Within the threat intelligence activities aimed at monitoring possible cyber threats to 
Pravex, the containment measures have enabled the management of the attacks suffered, 
ensuring service delivery with minimal disruption. Specific educational initiatives on cyber 
risks, through training courses and in-depth studies on specific topics, are regularly 
implemented to continually raise awareness among all the Group's staff. 
As usual, the additional costs incurred for business continuity and any losses resulting from 
physical damage to premises/branches located in the conflict zone form part of the monitoring 
of the exposure to operational risk, including that relating to the Risk Appetite Framework. 
The main accounting aspects and the approach adopted by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
The main accounting issues arising from the ongoing conflict between the Russian Federation 
and Ukraine and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's approach to addressing them are summarised in 
the paragraphs below. The situation of the Russian/Ukrainian crisis has been the subject of 
close attention since the outbreak of hostilities at the end of February 2022. The Group had 
significant cross-border exposures to counterparties resident in the Russian Federation, as well 
as, as already mentioned, two subsidiaries operating in the warring countries, which were 
therefore particularly exposed to the consequences of the conflict: Pravex and Banca Intesa 
Russia. 
At the beginning of 2022, loans to Russian customers represented around 1% (almost €5 
billion) of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s total loans to customers (net of the exposures backed 
by Export Credit Agency - ECA guarantees). The de-risking has therefore focused on 
reducing these exposures; the Group already started carrying it out in the second half of 2022 
and continued during 2023 and the first nine months of 2024. Total gross exposures 
(customers, banks and securities) as at 30 September 2024 to counterparties resident in Russia 
and Ukraine amounted to just €1,541 million gross (€1,326 million after adjustments), a 
decrease of €348 million or -18% (- €254 million in net values, -16%) from 31 December 
2023, when the gross exposures amounted to €1,889 million (€1,580 million in net values). 
More specifically, as at 30 September 2024, the remaining exposures to customers amounted, 
in terms of gross values, to €143 million  (€86 million net) for Banca Intesa Russia and €469 
million (€372 million net) for cross-border exposures to customers resident in Russia (net of 
ECA guarantees). The exposures to Russian counterparties were also accompanied by gross 
exposures to banks totalling €626 million (€616 million net) and in securities totalling €2 
million (€1 million net)16. Gross exposures to customers resident in Ukraine amounted to €184 
million (€137 million net), of which €45 million (book value nil in net terms) related to the 
subsidiary Pravex (figures as at 30 June 2024, as described below)17, in addition to exposures 
 
 
16  
There were also €37 million (€32 million net) in gross off-balance sheet exposures to customers at Banca 
Intesa Russia and €19 million cross-border (with no impact in terms of net values) with customers resident in 
Russia (net of ECA). Lastly, there were €27 million (gross and net values) of cross-border positions with Russian 
resident banks. 
17  
The cross-border exposures to customers resident in Ukraine are, for the corporate part, backed by 
guarantees provided by European and US entities,while, for the household part, these mainly relate to exposures 
disbursed by the subsidiary VUB to Ukrainian families with permanent residence in Slovakia.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
to banks and in Ukrainian short-term government bonds totalling €117 million gross (€114 
million net). 
That said, the situation as at 30 September 2024 is essentially the same as that described in the 
Annual Report as at 31 December 2023. The Intesa Sanpaolo Group continued to exercise 
control over the two banks, which operated on the basis of the Parent Company's instructions 
in their respective environments. 
Consequently, the main methodological choices – both in terms of  consolidation of the two 
subsidiaries and valuation of the credit exposures – are essentially the same as those used in 
the 2023 Annual Report. Before outlining the valuation issues regarding the two subsidiaries 
and the aspects related to the valuation of the cross-border exposures, it is necessary to 
provide some preliminary information about how Pravex and Banca Intesa Russia contributed 
to the consolidated financial statements as at 30 September 2024. In particular, while it was 
possible to consolidate an accounting situation aligned to that of the Parent Company for 
Banca Intesa Russia (therefore, consolidated with reference to the results as at 30 September 
2024), for Pravex, the specific situation in the city of Kyiv (where the bank is based), led to 
the conclusion that – in order to contain the "operational" risk – it was considered more 
appropriate to use the accounting situation as at 30 June 2024, at the exchange rate of 30 
September 2024 for the consolidation. The results of Pravex are therefore incorporated by 
means of the line-by-line consolidation of a consolidation package prepared in accordance 
with the IAS/IFRS for the previous quarter, in keeping with the approach already adopted for 
the 2022 and 2023 Annual Reports. However, it is worth recalling here that the balance sheet 
balances of the Ukrainian subsidiary are substantially immaterial in the context of those of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group. The above method of consolidation is also supported by the fact that 
the balance sheet management data as at 30 September 2024 do not show any significant 
differences – in the total aggregates – compared to those at the end of June. 
With regard to the valuation choices, the absolutely serious situation in all of Ukraine resulted 
in the definition, for the purpose of measuring Pravex's loan portfolio, of a specific approach, 
significantly based on prudent rationales, in light of the continuation of the conflict and the 
consequent repercussions on the Ukrainian economy. As at 30 September 2024, as in the 2023 
Consolidated Financial Statements, it was considered appropriate to maintain the full write 
down of Pravex's on-balance sheet loans to customers, with consequent classification to Stage 
3. As a result of that choice, for the purposes of the Group's consolidated financial statements, 
the equity of the subsidiary has essentially been reduced to zero. Also for Banca Intesa Russia, 
an approach to classifying and measuring performing loans continued to be adopted that 
strongly considers the geopolitical risk deriving from the ongoing crisis. Therefore, as was 
already the case in the 2023 Annual Report, the assessments carried out as at 30 September 
2024 on the loans of the subsidiary included a centrally determined prudent factor that takes 
account of the worsening of the domestic economic situation in light of the continuation of the 
conflict and the increased isolation of the Russian economy.  
As a result of the recomposition of the portfolio following repayments and reclassifications to 
non-performing loans, the total coverage of performing loans of the Russian subsidiary 
amounted to around 32% of their gross value, down slightly on 35% in December 2023. As in 
the past accounting closings, the provision aimed at reducing the equity of the investee to zero 
has also been maintained. The significant adjustments on the credit exposures of Banca Intesa 
Russia and Pravex, made on a prudential basis, reflect the current war situation that generates 
the need for careful consideration of the above-mentioned country risk, with appropriate 
measurement of the risk that the capital invested abroad is exposed to, connected to the 
possibility that political or economic circumstances may result in nonrepayment of the loan 
(irrespective of the specific credit risk of the individual counterparty).

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
For the cross-border positions, the Group continued to adopt the measurement approach 
guided by the emergence of the so-called "transfer" risk (an approach applied both for the 
determination of the SICR and the related classification to Stage 2, and for the calculation of 
the ECL through the application of managerial adjustments) in order to better incorporate 
provisions related to the risk associated with the current conflict that would otherwise not be 
properly captured by the risk measurement systems normally used. At the same time, the 
ratings for the highest risk class already assigned to the most significant counterparties 
exposed to conflict-related risk have been maintained. 
In the first nine months of 2024, the Group recorded a negative profit and loss impact, before 
tax, of €159 million related to the exposures to Russian or Ukrainian counterparties. This 
impact was essentially due to the provision of €159 million made upon consolidation of Banca 
Intesa Russia to write off its equity contribution to the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements, while the other effects relating to collections and valuation of other items related 
to Russian or Ukrainian counterparties were substantially offset. In the first nine months of 
2023, there was a total positive impact of €171 million, before tax, on loans and securities 
essentially relating to proceeds from redemptions or disposals, which, net of the charge for the 
adjustment of the allowance for risks (€71 million) made upon consolidation of Banca Intesa 
Russia and aimed at writing off its equity contribution to the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements, resulted in a net positive profit and loss impact of €100 million. With regard to the 
year 2023, it is worth recalling that the flow of collections and the valuation processes 
established upon closure of the financial statements led to the recognition of write-backs on 
loans and securities, before tax, totalling €205 million, partially offset by the provision made 
upon consolidation of Banca Intesa Russia to write off its equity contribution to the Group’s 
consolidated financial statements, amounting to €114 million, with an overall positive impact 
of €91 million. 
Other highlights 
The transfer from Intesa Sanpaolo to Isybank of the second business line – consisting of the 
set of assets and legal relations operationally organised for the management of private 
individual customers holding transactional products (accounts and payment cards), loans and 
mortgages (with related CPI and fire protection insurance), meeting a number of requirements 
including being aged under 65, the prevalent use of digital channels, and express consent to 
the transfer – took legal effect on 18 March 2024. The deed of transfer, signed on 13 March 
2024, was implemented upon subscription and release of the second tranche of the 700,000 
euro capital increase approved by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 11 October 
2023. As a result, Isybank's share capital increased to 31,000,000 euro. The related IT 
migration was completed over the weekend of 16 and 17 March 2024. The transfers from 
Intesa Sanpaolo to Isybank involved a total of around 350,000 customers. On 12 June 2024 
the AGCM announced the closure of the proceedings brought against Intesa Sanpaolo and 
Isybank, accepting the commitments proposed by the two banks, while on 14 June 2024 Intesa 
Sanpaolo, Isybank and the consumer association "Associazione Movimento Consumatori" 
announced the settlement agreement reached at the end of May to remedy the issues raised by 
the association in the representative injunction action to protect the collective interests of 
consumers brought in December 2023. 
On 28 March 2024, the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo, upon proposal by the 
Managing Director and CEO Carlo Messina, adopted a new organisational structure that 
leverages the strengths that have established the Bank as a leader in Europe and which focuses 
on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's capacity to innovate. The renewed organisation readies the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group to tackle the challenges facing the European banking sector, by 
harnessing the best new managerial talents and by valuing internal resources, all with a long-

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
term perspective. These significant and wide-ranging changes were marked by a generational 
transition introducing new talents in key positions, guided and supported by highly-
experienced individuals who have long held leadership roles within the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. The average age of those taking on new top-level responsibilities is 49. The new 
organisational structure, effective from 2 April 2024, also represents a particularly important 
step in the longstanding initiative to nurture female talent. 
Below is a summary of the most significant measures implemented: 
– streamlining of the governance areas reporting directly to the Managing Director, through a 
new organisational tier of Chiefs; 
– establishment of the new "Wealth Management Divisions" structure, which will provide 
unified oversight of the strategically important wealth management businesses, with the aim 
of accelerating their growth and increasing the integration of the product factories; 
– establishment of a new governance area focused on ESG (Chief Sustainability Officer) to 
steer the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's sustainable development strategies, with a special 
commitment to social matters and the fight against inequalities. The new area has been tasked 
with strategic direction, activity planning, and monitoring; 
– creation of a new governance area (Chief Transformation & Organisation Officer) 
containing a specific newly established structure dedicated to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
transformation strategies to respond to the new challenges of technological innovation and 
Artificial Intelligence, by developing innovative organisational and operational models; 
– strengthening of the Chief Lending Officer area, which is responsible for a new credit 
decision-making model, consolidating the important milestones achieved and ensuring further 
sustainability of the results (Zero-NPL Bank). 
Two new steering committees have also been set up: the first, called "Fees & Commissions" 
and chaired directly by the Managing Director and CEO, focused on monitoring, overseeing 
and coordinating the strategies necessary to develop the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's fee and 
commission income; the second, launched at the end of May, called "Synergies Acceleration 
Task Force for the International Subsidiary Banks", aimed at promoting the transfer of the 
best practices adopted by the Banca dei Territori and the IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking Division to the international subsidiary banks. 
On 19 April 2024, Intesa Sanpaolo and COIMA – a company specialising in investing in, 
developing and managing Italian real estate assets on behalf of institutional investors – signed 
an agreement to evaluate the best opportunities to develop the Banking Group's properties in a 
changing real estate market environment. The agreement, which was approved by the Board 
of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 28 March 2024 and which reflects the changing strategies 
in real estate in response to the increased emphasis on ESG objectives in the sector, revolves 
around the transfer to investment vehicles managed by COIMA SGR of a real estate portfolio 
of the Bank with a total value of over 500 million euro. 
The transfers are due to be completed by the end of the year following the fulfilment of the 
conditions precedent identified by the parties. Upon the transfer, Intesa Sanpaolo will receive 
shares in the COIMA investment vehicles, which will be identified according to the type of 
real estate in the portfolio and the strategy for developing its value. The transaction, which 
will result in a significant reduction of Intesa Sanpaolo's real estate assets, involves (i) three 
prime properties, located in Rome at Via dei Crociferi 44 and in Milan at Via Clerici 4-
6/Piazza Ferrari 10 and at Via Verdi 9-11-13; (ii) additional properties to be vacated or 
disposed of in the coming months, located in several cities, including Milan, Turin, Rome, 
Brescia, Bergamo, Bologna, Padua and Florence.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
The agreement will also involve the examination of further areas of collaboration in the real 
estate sector that could generate business opportunities of common interest. 
The agreement is part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's broader smart property management 
strategy, set out in the 2022-2025 Business Plan, which, for the owner-occupied properties, 
envisages a strong acceleration towards the new way of working and a significant 
modernisation of the working environments in department spaces, and, for the investment 
properties, the value optimisation of the assets through disposals and active management via 
leasing or the creation of new businesses. 
On 24 April 2024, the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held, duly constituted, 
on single call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the designated representative 
(in accordance with Article 106, paragraph 4, of Decree Law No. 18 dated 17 March 2020, 
converted by Law No. 27 dated 24 April 2020, whose effects were extended by Law No. 18 
dated 23 February 2024) counted 3,598 holders of voting rights attached to 11,256,788,156 
ordinary shares without nominal value, representing 61.57038% of the share capital. The 
Shareholders' Meeting voted in favour of all the items on the agenda. In the ordinary session, 
the resolutions (for details on the majority of votes please see the press release published on 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's official website) concerned: 
– the approval of the 2023 financial statements of the Parent Company and the allocation of 
the net income for the year with the distribution to shareholders of a dividend and part of the 
share premium reserve. The cash distribution to shareholders of the remaining amount of 
2,778,985,446.33 euro (corresponding to 15.20 euro cents for each of the 18,282,798,989 
ordinary shares constituting the share capital) was approved, of which 2,373,107,308.77 euro 
as dividends from the net income for the year (corresponding to 12.98 euro cents per share) 
and 405,878,137.56 euro as an assignment of reserves drawn on the share premium reserve 
(corresponding to 2.22 euro cents on each share). Also taking into account the interim 
dividend paid in November 2023, amounting to 2,628,985,341.02 euro18 (corresponding to 
14.40 euro cents per share), the total interim and remaining dividends distributed for the year 
2023 amounted to 5,405,295,975.10 euro19, corresponding to a 70% payout of the 
consolidated net income; 
– the remuneration policies and incentive plans. The Shareholders' Meeting approved the 
remuneration and incentive policies for 2024, together with the related adoption and 
implementation procedures, as described respectively in chapters 4 and 1 of Section I of the 
Report on remuneration policy and compensation paid; it passed a resolution agreeing on the 
Disclosure on compensation paid in 2023 as described in Section II of the same Report; and it 
approved the 2024 Annual Incentive System, which provides for the use of Intesa Sanpaolo 
ordinary shares to be purchased on the market; 
– authorisation to purchase own shares for annulment with no reduction of the share capital. 
More specifically, the Shareholders' Meeting authorised: (i) the purchase, also in part or in 
fractions, of Intesa Sanpaolo shares for a maximum overall outlay of €1.7 billion and not 
exceeding 1,000,000,000 shares, with execution by 25 October 2024; (ii) the Board of 
 
 
18 Interim dividends are considered net of the portion not distributed to the 25,956,343 own shares 
held by the Bank at the record date, amounting to 3,737,713.40 euro. 
19 The remaining dividend paid on 22 May 2024 (with a coupon presentation of 20 May and record 
date of 21 May) amounted to 2,776,310,634.08 euro, net of 2,674,812.25 euro, relating to the 
17,597,449 own shares held by the Bank at the record date, which was allocated to the 
Extraordinary Reserve.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Directors to carry out the purchases at a price to be identified from time to time, subject to the 
condition that the price cannot be more than 10% below or above the reference price of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo shares on the Euronext Milan regulated market managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. the day before the execution of each individual purchase, through transactions to be 
carried out in accordance with the provisions of Article 132 of the Consolidated Law on 
Finance, Article 144-bis, paragraph 1, letter b) of the Issuer's Regulation and with any other 
legislative and regulatory provisions (including the regulations and other rules of the 
European Union) applicable and in force from time to time; and (iii) the Board of Directors, 
with the power to delegate to the Managing Director and CEO, to carry out the purchases 
using the Extraordinary Reserve; 
– the authorisation to purchase and dispose of own shares to serve the incentive plans and for 
trading purposes.  
In the extraordinary session, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the proposal to annul Intesa 
Sanpaolo's own shares purchased and held by the Bank by virtue of the authorisation from the 
Shareholders' Meeting in the ordinary session, delegating the Board of Directors – with the 
option of sub-delegating the Chair and the Managing Director and CEO, jointly or severally – 
to execute the annulment, in one or more tranches, by 25 October 2024 and to update Article 5 
of the Articles of Association accordingly. The required supervisory authority assessment had 
already been obtained for the statutory changes approved by the Shareholders' Meeting. 
On 15 May 2024, the related Boards of Directors approved the merger by incorporation of IW 
Private Investments SIM into its 100%-controlling company Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Banking. The transaction, which was authorised by the ECB with the letter dated 17 
July 2024, will be finalised in the fourth quarter of the year, in accordance with the simplified 
approach envisaged by article 2505 of the Italian Civil Code. 
The voluntary exits plan continued in accordance with the trade union agreements of 29 
September 2020 and 16 November 2021. There were 1,106 voluntary exits in the first six 
months (811 in the first quarter, of which 774 with effect from 1 January, and 295 in the 
second quarter, of which 265 with effect from 1 April) for a total of 8,224 exits from the 
beginning of 2021, against the 9,200 exits expected to take place by the first quarter of 2025 
under the terms of the two above-mentioned trade union agreements. 
In addition, at the beginning of July 2024 there was a further exit window involving 375 
Group employees. In the first half of 2024, there were around 900 hires under those 
agreements (spread equally across the two quarters), for a total of around 3,850 from the 
beginning of 2021 compared with the 4,600 planned by the end of 2025. 
In this regard, it is noted that, on 23 October, Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with 
Group Trade Union Delegations, which aims at enabling generational change at no social cost, 
also owing to significant investment in technology. The agreement also aims at defining the 
steps of a path leading to enabling service and offering models oriented towards greater 
simplicity and effectiveness for customers, as well as freeing up time for professional 
development through a major upskilling/reskilling training programme to better address the 
need for new widespread digital skills and new professions. 
The agreement – addressed to all the people who meet pension requirements by 31 December 
2030 of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s Italian companies, including the managers – identifies 
ways and criteria to reach the target of 4,000 people voluntary leaving the Group by 2027, 
either by retiring or accessing the Solidarity Fund. 
Furthermore, by June 2028, the Group will hire 3,500 young people on indefinite-term 
contracts, 1,500 of whom as Global Advisors for the Network commercial activities in order 
to ensure greater proximity to customers, specifically in Wealth Management & Protection.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
The new hires will sustain the Group’s growth and its new activities and are in addition to the 
aforementioned 4,600 hires by December 2025 already envisaged under the 2022-2025 
Business Plan against 9,200 people leaving the Group by the end of the first quarter 2025. 
Furthermore, by 2027, 3,000 exits are expected to take place in Italy and 2,000 net exits in the 
international subsidiaries, the latter entirely involving roles in central functions with no impact 
on the commercial roles, through actions on natural turnover. 
Overall, the Group expects savings in personnel expenses in the region of €500 million per 
year on a fully operational basis (starting from 2028) – taking into account the aforementioned 
hires – and charges in the region of 350 million euro, net of tax, to the be booked in the fourth 
quarter 2024, not impacting on the prospect of net income of over €8.5 billion for the Group 
in 2024 already disclosed to the market. 
Under the Next Way of Working project – aimed at implementing a new working model 
based on strengthening individual responsibility and improving work-life balance – the work 
continued during the first half of 2024 on the preliminary real estate and technological 
interventions aimed at constructing new workspaces designed to enhance the moments of 
presence in the office. In accordance with the schedule established for 2024, the work has 
been completed for the construction of the new workspaces in Treviso and, from the current 
month of July, the work has begun on the construction of the workspaces in Milan via 
Bisceglie, Bologna, Padua and Sarmeola di Rubano, Bari, Moncalieri, Chieti and Rome, 
according to the new model. In Rome, minor refinements are still being made to bring the 
layout of the spaces in the Via del Corso office to operation. The implementation of the 
project in Cuneo has already been approved but is scheduled for 2025. 
Recent Events 
Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary share buyback programme for free assignment to employees 
On 11 September 2024 Intesa Sanpaolo concluded the ordinary share buyback programme 
launched on 9 September 2024 and announced to the market in the press release dated 4 
September 2024. The programme relates to plans for the assignment, free of charge, of Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares to the employees and the Financial Advisors of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, in relation to: (i) mainly, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group share-based incentive plan for 
2023; and (ii) to a lesser extent, the incentive plans of certain subsidiaries (i.e. the 2023 
Incentive Plan of the Private Banking Network belonging to the Italian Network of Intesa 
Sanpaolo Private Banking; the 2023 Incentive Plan of the Relationship Managers belonging to 
the international commercial Networks of the Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking 
Group and the 2023 Incentive Plan of the non-employee Financial Advisors belonging to the 
commercial Networks of the Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking Group). The above-
mentioned incentive plans are reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in excess of the 
so-called "materiality threshold", as well as for those who are paid a "particularly high" 
amount, and for those who, among Middle Managers or Professionals that are not Risk 
Takers, accrue a bonus exceeding both the so-called "materiality threshold" and 100% of the 
fixed remuneration. In addition, the programme is implemented in order to grant, when certain 
conditions occur, severance payments upon early termination of employment. The programme 
is in accordance with the terms approved at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo on 
24 April 2024. Moreover, the Bank's subsidiaries indicated in the aforementioned press 
release have concluded the programmes regarding the purchase of the Parent Company's 
shares, approved by their respective corporate bodies within their remits and analogous to the 
programme approved at the Parent Company's Shareholders' Meeting. 
In compliance with Article 113-ter of Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998 (TUF-
Consolidated Law on Finance), Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and Article 2 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016, the details concerning the purchases 
executed are provided below. Information is also given by Intesa Sanpaolo on behalf of the 
aforementioned subsidiaries. 
In the three days during which the programme was executed (from 9 to 11 September 2024), 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group purchased a total of 21,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares 
through its IMI Corporate & Investment Banking Division (which was responsible for the 
programme execution). These represent 0.11% of the share capital of the Parent Company. 
The average purchase price was 3.7154 euro per share, for a total countervalue of 
78,023,430.57 euro. The Parent Company purchased 10,301,330 shares at an average 
purchase price of 3.7146 euro per share, for a countervalue of 38,265,555.39 euro. 
Intesa Sanpaolo buyback for 1.7 billion euro authorised by the ECB 
The programme for the purchase of own shares for annulment (buyback) for a maximum total 
outlay of €1.7 billion and a number of shares not exceeding 1,000,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo 
ordinary shares was authorised by the ECB with decision notified on 11 March 2024 and was 
approved by the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 24 April 2024. 
 
On 18 October 2024, Intesa Sanpaolo concluded the programme which was disclosed to the 
market on 27 May 2024 and launched on 3 June 2024, having purchased a total of 
479,128,488 shares since the launch of the programme, equal to around 2.62% of its share 
capital, at an average purchase price of 3.5481 euro per share, for a total countervalue of 
1,699,999,992.53 euro. 
The annulment of the shares took place on 23 October 2024. While the share capital remained 
unchanged at 10,368,870,930.08 euro, the number of ordinary shares without nominal value 
decreased from 18,282,798,989 to 17,803,670,501. The Articles of Association amended to 
reflect said annulment were filed with the Turin Company Register on 28 October 2024 and 
registered on 30 October 2024. 
 
Sovereign risk exposure 
As at 30 September 2024 Intesa Sanpaolo Group's exposure in securities to Italian sovereign 
debt – excluding the insurance business – amounted to €23,252 million, in addition to loans 
for €8,527 million. The security exposures increased compared to €21,518 million as at 30 
June 2024. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The composition of Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors as at the date hereof is as set out 
below. 
Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect 
to the Issuer's activities 
Gian Maria Gros-
Pietro 
Chair 
Director of ABI Servizi S.p.A. 
Paolo Andrea 
Colombo (#) (##) 
Deputy Chair 
Director of Colombo & Associati S.r.l. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect 
to the Issuer's activities 
Humanitas S.p.A. 
Carlo Messina (*) 
Managing 
Director and 
CEO 
None 
Bruno Picca(#) 
Director 
None 
Livia Pomodoro (##) 
Director 
Director of Febo S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Sustainability 
and Inclusion for Food S.r.l. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of WHTEXCH 
S.p.A. 
Franco Ceruti 
Director 
Chair of Intesa Sanpaolo Expo Institutional 
Contact S.r.l. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
Chair of Società Benefit Cimarosa 1 S.p.A. 
Daniele Zamboni (1) (#) 
(##) 
Director 
None 
Maria Mazzarella (1) 
(##) 
Director 
Director of Finance For Food S.r.l. 
Milena Teresa Motta 
(#) (##) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Strategie & Innovazione S.r.l. 
Alberto Maria Pisani 
(1)(#) (##) 
Chair of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Maria-Cristina 
Zoppo(#) (##) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Newlat Food S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Michelin Italiana 
S.p.A. – SAMI 
Chair of the Board of Directors of REAM SGR 
S.p.A 
Luciano Nebbia 
Director 
Deputy Chair of Equiter S.p.A. 
Maria Alessandra 
Stefanelli(##) 
Director 
None 
Anna Gatti(1) (##) 
Director 
Director of WiZink Bank S.A. 
Director of Wizz Air Holdings PLC 
Director of Lutech S.p.A.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect 
to the Issuer's activities 
Fabrizio Mosca(#) (##) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Aste 
Bolaffi S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
Metalli Preziosi S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
DiaSorin Italia S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Mindicity S.r.l. 
Roberto Franchini (1)(#) 
(##) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Bruno Maria Parigi(##) 
Director 
None 
Liana Logiurato (##) 
Director 
None 
Paola Tagliavini (#) (##) 
Director 
Director of Rai Way S.p.A. 
 _______________  
(*) 
Appointed Managing Director and CEO by the Board of Directors on 29 April 2022. He is the only 
executive director on the Board. 
(#) 
Currently enrolled on the Register of Statutory Auditors and has practiced as an auditor or been a 
member of the supervisory body of a limited company 
(##) 
Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Article 13.4.3 of the Articles of Association, the 
Corporate Governance Code and Article 148, paragraph 3, of the Consolidated Law on Finance (TUF) 
(1) 
Is a representative of the Minority Slate 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the Issuer's registered 
office in Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy). 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and to Intesa Sanpaolo’s knowledge, no member of the 
Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo has potential conflicts of interest between any duties to 
the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties. 
 
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to 
guarantee compliance with the relevant regulation on board members conflicts of interest.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Principal Shareholders 
As of 4 December 2024, the shareholder structure of Intesa Sanpaolo was composed as 
follows (holders of shares exceeding 3% (*): 
Shareholder 
Ordinary shares 
% of ordinary shares 
Fondazione Compagnia di San Paolo  ............................................  
1,153,947,304 
6.482% 
Fondazione Cariplo ........................................................................  
961,333,900 
5.400% 
 _______________  
(*) Shareholders that are fund management companies may be exempted from disclosure up to the 5% threshold. 
BlackRock Inc. disclosed a 5.005% holding in the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo, notified in Form 120 A dated 9 
December 2020, as well as a 5.066% aggregate holding in the Bank's share capital, notified in Form 120 B dated 4 
December 2020, and has not provided any update of these holdings following the subsequent changes in the 
number of shares into which the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo is divided. 
Figures updated based on the results from the register of shareholders and the latest communications received. 
The Italian regulations (Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Finance (the "TUF")) set forth that holdings 
exceeding 3% of the voting capital of a listed company should be communicated to both that company and 
CONSOB. Moreover, under Article 19 of the Consolidated Law on Banking "TUB", prior authorisation by the 
Bank of Italy is required for the acquisition of holdings of capital in banks that are either significant or make it 
possible to exercise significant influence, or confer a share of voting rights or capital equal to at least 10%. 
The Italian regulations also set forth the obligation to disclose any agreements between shareholders. 
On 13 November 2024, a shareholders’ agreement was announced in relation to the Ordinary Shareholders’ 
Meeting to be convened in 2025. 
Furthermore, Article 120, paragraph 4-bis, of the TUF sets forth the obligation for investors who acquire holdings 
in listed issuers with Italy as home Member State, equal to or above 10% of the relevant capital or a lower 
threshold as defined by CONSOB, to declare the objectives they are pursuing. 
Legal Proceedings 
Disputes relating to anatocism and other current account and credit facility conditions, as 
well as usury 
In 2023, the number of disputes with likely or possible risk within the disputes of this type, 
which for many years have been a significant part of the civil litigation brought against the 
Italian banking industry, amounted to 3,765, with a remedy sought of 643 million euro, and 
have shown a progressive reduction in claims made compared to the previous year, both in 
number and in overall value. 
The number of disputes, including mediations, with likely risk was stable at around 2,900. 
The remedy sought amounted to €509 million with provisions of €168 million. As is the case 
for the other civil disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried 
out individually, taking into account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of 
the proceedings and case-law decisions, for each dispute. 
You are reminded that in 2014 and 2016, Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Banking, 
which governs the compounding of interest in banking transactions, was amended with the 
establishment of the ban on anatocism and the delegation of the Interdepartmental Committee 
for Credit and Savings to regulate this matter.  
In February 2017, the AGCM initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo for alleged unfair 
business practices involving, among other things, the methods used to request the 
authorisation from customers for the charging of the interest to the account imposed by the 
new regulations introduced in 2016.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
The Authority completed the proceedings in October 2017, ruling that the Bank had 
implemented an “aggressive” policy aimed at acquiring the above-mentioned authorisation. 
As a result, the Authority issued a fine of €2 million against Intesa Sanpaolo.   
The Bank has submitted an appeal before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court. By ruling 
of 2 January 2023, the Lazio Regional Administrative Court upheld the fine. Intesa Sanpaolo 
submitted an appeal to the Council of State, which, in a ruling of March 2024, rejected the 
appeal and upheld the fine.   
The judgment of the Council of State became final and rendered the penalty final. 
Disputes relating to investment services 
There were around 750 disputes with likely risk relating to investment services. The total 
remedy sought amounted to around €305 million with provisions of €140 million, and the 
most significant subgroup was disputes concerning derivatives. As the case for the other civil 
disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, 
taking into account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings 
and the case-law guidance, for each dispute. We also note approximately 32 disputes with a 
remedy sought of €75 million initiated by "wiped out" shareholders and subordinated 
bondholders of the former "old banks" of Banca delle Marche, Banca Popolare dell'Etruria e 
del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti (the "Old Banks"), deemed to be 
of possible risk. Those disputes are backed by the warranties and obligations to indemnify by 
the Seller (National Resolution Fund) for the benefit of the former UBI Banca, and now Intesa 
Sanpaolo, and therefore also cover any liabilities arising from the activities carried out by the 
Old Banks before they were subject to the resolution procedure, in relation to, inter alia, risks 
of a legal nature or generally related to ongoing or threatened disputes, or violations of the law 
and any potential liabilities. 
Reference for a preliminary ruling to the Court of Cassation on the legitimacy of the 
fixed instalment repayment plan 
 
On 29 May 2024 the Joint Divisions of the Court of Cassation (by ruling no. 15130) ruled on 
an important issue for banking operations: specifically, whether the failure to indicate in a 
fixed-rate mortgage loan agreement the fixed instalment repayment method (called French 
amortization method) and the compound capitalisation regime makes the purpose of the 
contract vague or impossible to determine. The Joint Divisions set out the following approach 
to interpretation, also applicable beyond the case submitted to their examination (as per the 
role as guarantor of the uniform interpretation of the law): “Regarding fixed-rate bank 
mortgages with repayment of the loan in instalments governed by a standardised, traditional 
repayment plan, the failure to indicate the repayment method and compound capitalization of 
debt interest regime cannot give rise to partial nullity of the contract, either due to vagueness 
of or the inability to determine the purpose of the contract, or due to breach of the regulations 
on transparency of contractual conditions and relations between credit institutions and their 
customers”.  
This ruling will make it possible to significantly limit the risk of proliferation of disputes 
regarding objections to fixed instalment repayment methods. 
 
Dispute regarding financial derivative instruments 
With regard to derivative transactions, the legal risks linked to legal proceedings with local 
authorities, their subsidiaries and individuals continue to be subject to careful monitoring.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Specifically, disputes are pending with 18 local authorities, with possible or likely risk, for 
total claims of 85 million euro, and disputes with 4 Companies controlled by public entities, 
with total claims of 37 million euro. Disputes with individuals, assessed as having possible or 
likely risk, total 164, and of these, 43 positions also regard requests for refunds of amounts on 
other accounts held with the Bank. Net of those latter positions, the total value of the claims 
lodged in the proceedings regarding only derivatives amounts to around 137 million euro. 
In July 2024, the Municipality of Turin filed a civil action before the Court of Turin to 
challenge the derivative contract entered into in 2007 (2007 swap) governed by an ISDA 
agreement of 2004, subject to English jurisdiction and law. The contract was signed to 
renegotiate previous transactions carried out in 2003 and 2006, as part of the Entity’s debt 
restructuring, an initiative in which other banks have also participated over the years.  
The Municipality has made: 
• 
as the main claim, demandfor compensation for damages due to contractual breach 
related to an advisory agreement for the management of the Entity’s debt of 
December 2003 and for pre-contractual liability concerning the preliminary phase 
leading to the signing of the derivatives agreements; 
• 
in the alternative, demand the nullity of the 2007 swap, on the one hand, due to the 
lack of indication in the MtM contracts of its calculation formula and the probability 
scenarios and, on the other, due to the failure to comply with the requirements 
established by the specific applicable regulations regarding the use of these financial 
instruments by Public Entities. 
The main claim is quantified at around 27 million euro. 
The first hearing, initially scheduled for 16 October, was postponed to 18 December 2024 by 
request made by the Bank, which the Municipality agreed to. 
Disputes linked to Group acquisitions/integrations - former UBI Good Banks 
In execution acquired from the National Resolution Fund managed by the Bank of Italy 
(NRF), “Nuova Banca Marche”, “Nuova Banca Etruria” and “Nuova Carichieti” (the “Target 
Bridge Institutions” or “Bridge Institutions” or “Good Banks”). Subsequently, those Bridge 
Institutions were incorporated into UBI Banca.  
Following the incorporation of UBI Banca, Intesa Sanpaolo (ISP) took on over the 
management of the “Good Banks dispute”, that is, all those disputes regarding events or acts 
that occurred prior to 10 May 2017 and referring to the operations of the three banks impacted 
by the resolution orders (the “Old Banks”) or “Good Banks”, which were then acquired by 
UBI Banca. Those disputes are backed by the warranties and obligations to indemnify by the 
Seller (NRF) for the benefit of UBI Banca in relation to the acquisition of the New Banks 
deriving from the resolution of Banca delle Marche, Banca Popolare dell’Etruria e del Lazio 
and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti and therefore also cover any liabilities 
arising from the activities carried out by the Banks (the “Old Banks”) before they were subject 
to the resolution procedure, in relation to, inter alia, risks of a legal nature or generally related 
to ongoing or threatened disputes, or violations of the law and any potential liabilities.  
On 27 May 2024, as part of wider negotiations, ISP and the Bank of Italy entered into an 
Agreement to simplify the management of the pending Good Banks dispute. The Agreement 
aims to simplify the administrative management of disputes that have already been settled in 
court, but not yet indemnified, and to limit the guarantees (General Cap) with regard to a 
scope of pending disputes that has been accurately identified. 
Within the disputes regarding the mis-selling of shares and subordinated bonds of the banks 
undergoing resolution, by favourable ruling no. 22115 of 5 August 2024 in the Fox Petroli

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
case, the First Division of the Court of Cassation held that Intesa Sanpaolo lacked the capacity 
to be sued, confirming that the claims made relate to liabilities not transferred to the Bridge 
Institutions (the Good Banks), but remained with the banks under resolution (the Old Banks). 
Dispute relating to loans in CHF to the Croatian subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb Dd 
As already noted in the previous financial statements, Croatian Union of the Consumer 
Protection Association ("Potrošač") initiated an action against the subsidiary Privredna Banka 
Zagreb ("PBZ") and seven other Croatian banks. According to the plaintiff, the defendant 
banks engaged in an unfair practice by allegedly using unfair contractual provisions at 
variable interest rates, which could be changed unilaterally by the bank and by denominating 
the loans granted in Swiss francs (or indexing them to Swiss francs) without allegedly 
appropriately informing the consumers of the risks prior to entering into the respective loan 
agreements. 
In September 2019, the Croatian Supreme Court rendered a ruling in the collective action 
proceedings brought by Potrošač, rejecting the appeals filed by the sued banks against the 
High Commercial Court ruling from 2018 and confirming the position of courts of lower 
instance that banks had breached collective interests and rights of consumers by incorporating 
unfair and null and void provisions in the CHF currency clause. 
In connection with the mentioned proceedings for the protection of the collective interests of 
consumers, numerous individual proceedings have been brought by customers against PBZ, 
despite the fact that most of them voluntarily accepted the offer to convert their CHF loans 
into EUR denominated loans retroactively, in accordance with the Act on the Amendments to 
the Consumer Credit Act (Croatian Official Gazette 102/2015) (the "Conversion Law"). 
In March 2020, the Croatian Supreme Court, within model case proceedings (Supreme Court 
proceedings with obligatory effect on lower instance courts with the aim of 
unifying/harmonising case law), ruled that the conversion agreements concluded between 
banks and borrowers under the Conversion Law produce legal effects and are valid even in a 
case where the provisions of the underlying loan agreements on variable interest rate and CHF 
currency clause are null and void. 
In May 2022, the EU Court of Justice, in proceedings regarding reference for a preliminary 
ruling involving another intermediary, established that the Court of Justice has jurisdiction 
over the conversion agreements concluded under the Conversion Law, as they occurred after 
Croatia joined the European Union, and that the EU Directive on unfair terms in consumer 
contracts does not apply to those conversion agreements, whose content reproduces provisions 
of national law. 
On 20 December 2022, the Civil Law Department of the Croatian Supreme Court provided an 
interpretation of the legal effects of the agreements for the conversion of loan agreements 
from CHF to EUR and on consumers' rights. By virtue of that interpretation, consumers that 
entered into a conversion agreement pursuant to the Conversion Law have the right to receive 
legal interest on excess amounts paid that the bank calculated on converting the loans, from 
the date of each single payment up to the date of conversion. Once this judicial interpretation 
has been recorded with the Court Practice Records Department, it will be final and binding 
upon lower instance courts. 
The number of new individual lawsuits filed against PBZ in 2023 was higher than in 2022. In 
the central part of 2023, close to the end of the limitation period for filling compensation 
claims based on the invalidity of the "currency clause" (June 2023), there was an increase in 
new lawsuits with respect to the previous trend, which fell off significantly at the end of the 
year. At the end of 2023, the total pending cases amounted to few thousand.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Dispute with the foreign subsidiary Banca Intesa Beograd (Serbia) 
The following are areas of mass disputes that have impacted the entire Serbian banking 
system, as detailed below. 
1. 
Processing fees 
Legal dispute regarding processing fees applied by banks at the time of disbursing 
loans. The claimants, individuals and legal persons, are requesting the repayment of 
those charges, as they are deemed as not owed. The first claims arose in 2017, and a 
significant increase in lawsuits was recorded in the following years, though for modest 
amounts on average. At the end of 2023, Banca Intesa Beograd had been summoned in 
around 15,200 lawsuits deemed as having a possible or likely risk (at the end of 2022, 
these amounted to around 18,600); the related total amounts of principal requested to 
be repaid by the Bank came to around €0.96 million. In September 2021, the Supreme 
Court of Serbia recognised the legitimacy of the costs and fees applied to loans at the 
time of their disbursement, provided they are indicated in the contract proposal. In 
2023, there was a further significant reduction in the flows of new disputes. Most of 
the lawsuits closed during the year were either won by the Bank or abandoned by the 
plaintiffs. 
2. 
NKOSK 
Legal dispute relating to real estate loans insured through the National Housing Loan 
Insurance Corporation ("NKOSK"), whose premium is paid by the borrowers. The 
borrowers deem that, as Banca Intesa Beograd is the beneficiary of the insurance, the 
premium should be paid by Banca Intesa Beograd. At the end of 2023, Banca Intesa 
Beograd had been summoned in 1,155 lawsuits deemed as having possible or likely 
risk (at the end of 2022, these amounted to around 1,100); the related total amounts of 
principal requested to be repaid by the Bank came to around 1.1 million euro. In 
September 2021, the Supreme Court of Serbia recognised the legitimacy of requiring 
the insurance premium to be paid by the borrowers, provided that the obligation is 
clearly described to the borrowers during precontractual procedures. Most of the 
disputes closed during 2023 were either won by the Bank or abandoned by the 
plaintiffs. 
Ruling of the EU Court of Justice of 11 September 2019 on credit agreements for 
consumers in the so-called Lexitor ruling 
This strand of litigation relating to consumer credit concerns the reimbursement of unearned 
charges following the termination of loan agreements (specifically, application costs and fees 
paid to intermediaries). There were also a significant number of disputes ongoing in the period 
before the Court of Justice of the European Union (the "CJEU") Lexitor ruling concerning 
contracts (referred to as "old contracts") entered into before the transposition of the Consumer 
Credit Directive 2008/48/EC by Legislative Decree no. 141 of 2010, which does not make a 
clear distinction between recurring and up-front charges. 
There was a new increase in this strand of litigation following the "Lexitor" ruling of 11 
September 2019, in Case C-383/18, in which the CJEU interpreted Article 16(1) of the 
Consumer Credit Directive, establishing that, in the event of an early repayment of credit, the 
customer is entitled to a proportional reduction in the total cost of the credit, including not 
only the recurring costs, but also the up-front costs incurred by the customer. 
In Italy, the rule introduced by Directive 2008/48/EC was transposed by Article 125-sexies of 
the Consolidated Law on Banking.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
This rule had always been interpreted, both in the provisions and guidelines issued by the 
Bank of Italy, by the relevant case law and by the Italian Banking and Financial Ombudsman 
(ABF), to the effect that contracts had to distinguish between up-front and recurring charges, 
and when this distinction was clear, only the latter were recognised as reimbursable. 
In light of the Lexitor ruling, the Bank of Italy issued a communication on 4 December 2019, 
which contained "guidance" consistent with the principle established by the CJEU, to the 
effect that all costs (therefore including up-front costs) should be included in the charges to be 
reimbursed in the event of early repayment, both for new relationships and for the termination 
of existing relationships. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has decided to follow the Bank of Italy "guidance", even though it believes 
that the legal arguments set out above regarding the fact that Article 125-sexies of the 
Consolidated Law on Banking cannot be interpreted in a manner that complies with the 
Lexitor ruling are well founded. A provision has therefore been made in the Allowance for 
Risks and Charges corresponding to the estimated higher charges resulting from the decision 
to follow the Bank of Italy "guidance". 
The case law in this regard was still uncertain. 
In this context, the Italian legislation was changed, in order to protect the legitimate 
expectations of intermediaries, by amending Article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on 
Banking. Specifically, for contracts entered into after the conversion of the decree (25 July 
2021), it stipulated that the cost reduction criterion laid down in the Lexitor ruling should be 
applied. At the same time, the legislation established that, for contracts prior to that date, the 
regime previously in force would continue to apply, namely that arising from the original 
wording of Article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking, as well as the "Bank of 
Italy's transparency and supervisory provisions in force at the date the contracts were signed" 
(Article 11-octies, paragraph 2). 
By ruling no. 263 of 22 December 2022, the Constitutional Court examined the question of 
constitutionality concerning the "Lexitor amendment" raised by the Court of Turin by order 
issued on 2 November 2021, in a case brought against another intermediary specialised in the 
salary-backed loans, in a lawsuit for the restitution of up-front costs not reimbursed upon early 
repayment. Specifically, the Court dismissed the detailed arguments in support of the 
constitutionality of the legislation set out in the intermediary's brief and, instead, expressly 
established "the unconstitutionality of Article 11 octies, paragraph 2, of Law Decree no. 73 of 
25 May 2021, converted with amendments into Law no. 106 of 23 July 2021, limited to the 
words 'and the secondary rules contained in the Bank of Italy's transparency and supervisory 
provisions'. As a result, following the Constitutional Court's ruling, the Lexitor ruling is again 
fully applicable to contracts entered into before 25 July 2021. 
In light of the ruling of the Constitutional Court, the Bank made an estimate of the potential 
charge connected with the effects of the partial declaration of unconstitutionality of Article 11 
octies, paragraph 2 of Law Decree no. 73 of 25 May 2021, making a specific provision to the 
allowance for risks and charges. 
On 9 February 2023, the European Court of Justice, within proceedings originating from a 
reference for a preliminary ruling from the Austrian Supreme Court, ruled on the applicability 
of the Lexitor principle to mortgage lending to consumers. The Austrian Court asked the 
European Court of Justice whether Directive 2014/17 on mortgage lending to consumers 
precluded national legislation providing that the right of the consumer to a reduction in the 
total cost of the credit in the event of early repayment of the credit covers only interest and 
costs that are dependent on the duration of the agreement. The Court declared that Directive 
2014/17 does not preclude such legislation.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
According to the Court, that right to reduction does not, therefore, include costs which, 
irrespective of the duration of the agreement, are payable by the consumer to either the 
creditor or third parties for services previously rendered in their entirety at the time of early 
repayment (such as processing and appraisal fees). 
The decision rekindled the debate, also in case law, on the Italian Constitutional Court's ruling 
and on the effective significance of the Lexitor principle for consumer credit, without this 
having as yet led to a change in case law. 
Lastly, in relation to consumer credit, the text of the new Directive (2023/2225/EU) was 
published in the EU Official Journal on 31 October 2023, with a deadline of 20 November 
2025 for the adoption of the transposition legislation by the Member States.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Italian Antitrust Authority proceedings and representative action of the consumer 
association "Associazione Movimento Consumatori" against Intesa Sanpaolo and Isybank 
In November 2023, the Italian Antitrust Authority (AGCM) announced the initiation of 
proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo and Isybank aimed at verifying the existence of an unfair 
commercial practice regarding the transfer of relationships of around 2.4 million 
“predominantly digital” customers from Intesa Sanpaolo to Isybank as part of a transfer of 
business lines, with the accompanying unilateral amendment of the transferred contracts. The 
transfer of the first business line had already been made on 16 October 2023, while the 
transfer of the second business line was scheduled for 18 March 2024.   
According to the arguments made by the Authority, among other things, the communication 
sent to the customers concerned was inadequate and the manner and timing of its distribution 
was not commensurate with the importance of the matter addressed.   
In November 2023, the AGCM ordered the suspension, on a precautionary basis, of the 
commercial practice considered unfair.   
In December 2023, Intesa Sanpaolo and Isybank filed a report containing the measures 
envisaged to comply with the precautionary measure.  
In December 2023, the two banks also submitted a proposal of commitments to the AGCM, 
detailing what they had already outlined in the report of compliance with the precautionary 
measure, for the purpose of reaching a positive conclusion of the proceedings.   
In March 2024, the two banks submitted an addition to the proposal of commitments to the 
AGCM containing further measures in favour of the customers concerned.   
The proposed commitments – most of which already implemented – specifically envisage:  
• 
providing to the customers involved in the operation suitable disclosure: i) on the banking 
services that are unavailable in Isybank (though, instead, are available in Intesa 
Sanpaolo); ii) on the main elements, terms and conditions of the Isybank offering;  
• 
notifying customers whose accounts were included in the first business line that, up to 31 
December 2026, they can open a new account with Intesa Sanpaolo at better conditions 
than those applied before the transfer to Isybank;   
• 
with regard to customers whose accounts are potentially included in the second business 
line, transferring to Isybank only the accounts of customers who have granted their 
“express consent”.  
By way of order dated 11 June 2024, the Authority accepted the commitments proposed by 
the two Banks, rendering them binding. The proceedings concluded, thus, without imposing a 
fine.  
Also with regard to the above-mentioned operation, the consumer association “Associazione 
Movimento Consumatori” brought a representative action against Intesa Sanpaolo and 
Isybank (with a petition served in January 2024) before the Court of Turin for alleged 
“violations of the collective interests of consumers”.   
The association asked the Court to prohibit the use of the new clauses in the transferred 
contracts, without the consent of the consumers, and the prohibition of the repetition of the

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
unlawful conduct, as well as the adoption of appropriate measures to eliminate or reduce the 
effects of the violations if the unlawful conduct is confirmed. 
The two banks filed their defence briefs, contesting the arguments of the Associazione 
Movimento Consumatori – with detailed reasons both on the merits and from a procedural 
perspective – and requesting the rejection of the claims in consideration of the measures 
(outlined above) taken in the meantime in favour of the customers within the AGCM 
proceedings.   
On 27 May 2024, the two Banks and the Associazione Movimento Consumatori entered into a 
settlement agreement which settled the dispute.   
In execution of the settlement, on 29 May 2024, the Associazione Movimento Consumatori 
filed at the Court the petition to withdraw the claim and proceedings, asking for the 
discontinuance of action. On the same date, the two Banks accepted the petition to withdraw 
the claim and, at the following hearing of 31 May, the proceedings were declared 
discontinued. 
Italian Antitrust Authority proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute 
In May 2023, the AGCM initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute (ISP 
RBM) for alleged unfair business practices, purported to have been adopted from January 
2023, aimed at hindering the exercise of consumers’ rights arising from the contractual 
relationship, leading them to give up financial and welfare benefits provided by the insurance 
coverage held by them.  
In its communication dated 15 February 2024, the Authority issued its conclusions on the 
preliminary findings, based on which it upheld the claims made in the decision to initiate 
proceedings and also considered that the unfair business practice was still ongoing.  
ISP RBM submitted a defence brief, in which it highlighted, among other things, the strategic 
and operational measures it had already taken prior to the commencement of the proceedings 
and the further improvements these measures had brought to the service levels provided to the 
policyholders.  
With order dated 20 May 2024, the AGCM ruled that ISP RBM’s conduct constituted an 
ongoing unfair business practice, prohibiting its dissemination or continuation, and imposing 
an administrative fine of 2.5 million euro.  
On 19 July 2024, ISP RBM submitted an appeal to the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, 
requesting the annulment of the administrative fine.  
On 2 August 2024, ISP RBM submitted the plan to the AGCM for complying with the ban on 
continuing the prohibited conduct.  
On 22 October 2024, the Authority informed ISP RBM that it had acknowledged the 
documentation submitted regarding the measures adopted as compliance.  
Disputes arising from the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships of 
Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Veneto 
Banca S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation. 
By order no. 35820 of 21 December 2023, issued in a dispute falling within the Excluded 
Disputes, the Court of Cassation expressly dealt for the first time with the matter of the Bank's 
liability for the misselling of shares of the Venetian Banks at the former parent companies.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
The Court ruled out the Bank's liability in relation to the compensation claim, attributing the 
complaint to the marketing of shares/breach of regulations on investment services, envisaged 
as an exemption by Article 3, paragraph 1, letter b) of Law Decree no. 99/2017. 
In January 2018, as part of a criminal proceeding before the Court of Rome for the alleged 
market rigging and obstructing the Supervisory Authorities in the performance of their 
functions with respect to officers and executives of Veneto Banca, the preliminary hearing 
judge decided that Intesa Sanpaolo could be charged with civil liability assuming that the 
exclusion from the sale to Intesa Sanpaolo of the debts, responsibilities and liabilities deriving 
from the sale of shares and subordinated bonds – envisaged by Law Decree 99/2017 – would 
not be objectionable by third parties, while Article 2560 of the Italian Civil Code would be 
applicable in the case in question and Intesa Sanpaolo should therefore take on those 
liabilities. 
As a result of this decision, more than 3,800 civil plaintiffs holding Veneto Banca shares or 
subordinated bonds joined the proceedings. Intesa Sanpaolo then filed an appearance 
requesting that it be excluded from the proceedings. In turn, Veneto Banca in compulsory 
administrative liquidation intervened voluntarily affirming its exclusive, substantial and 
procedural capacity to be sued. 
In March 2018, the preliminary hearing judge declared his lack of territorial jurisdiction, 
transferring the files to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso. The charge of civil liability 
and the joinders of the civil parties were therefore removed. 
After the case documents were forwarded to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso, the 
former Managing Director of Veneto Banca, Vincenzo Consoli, was committed to trial for the 
offences of market-rigging, obstructing banking supervisory authorities and financial 
reporting irregularities. 
The Judge for the Preliminary Hearing rejected the motion to authorise the summons of Intesa 
Sanpaolo as civilly liable party. 
A similar motion was rejected in the criminal proceedings before the Court of Vicenza against 
management board members and key function holders and executives of Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza. 
Andrea Abbà and 207 
This is a dispute pending before the Court of Milan, Business Section, initiated in 2019 by Mr. 
Abbà and 207 subordinated bondholders of Banca delle Marche. The claimants seek a 
declaration voiding the bonds and compensation for the damages suffered. The claim was 
quantified at around €31 million. 
The bank filed its appearance, objecting that it lacked the capacity to be sued, arguing in 
particular that the bonds in question were outside the scope of the sale by the Bridge Entity to 
the former UBI Banca. The former UBI Banca also argued that the claimant's claims had 
become time barred and that the opposing parties lacked capacity, since they were not the 
"first borrowers" and thus by law were not entitled to claim that the original bonds were 
inherently flawed. Finally, the lack of grounds to void the bonds and of evidence of the causal 
relationship between the bank's conduct at issue and the damages was underscored. 
As the manager of the National Resolution Fund, the Bank of Italy intervened in the 
proceedings, upholding the arguments and conclusions formulated by the former UBI Banca. 
In the course of the proceedings, settlement agreements were reached with 164 plaintiffs, with 
withdrawal of the lawsuit by those parties and with each party bearing their own costs. At 
December 31, 2023, therefore, the value of the dispute has been reduced to €12.09 million as a

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
result of the agreements reached. In procedural terms, the proceedings are still at the 
preliminary enquiry stage. 
Città Metropolitana di Roma capitale (formerly, Provincia di Roma) 
Criminal proceedings are pending before the Rome Public Prosecutor's Office against a 
former Banca IMI manager for co-commission of aggravated fraud against the Metropolitan 
City of Rome Capital (formerly the Province of Rome). 
The proceedings relate to the overall transaction for the purchase by the local authority, 
through the real estate fund Fondo Immobiliare Provincia di Roma (fully owned by the 
Province of Rome), of the new EUR premises. 
The real-estate transaction received financing of €232 million from UniCredit, BNL and 
Banca IMI (each with 1/3). 
The former Banca IMI employee is accused of having misled – with three other managers of 
the two other lending banks, seven managers of the asset management company that manages 
the provincial fund and two public officials – the fund's internal control bodies and 
representatives of the Province, allowing the lending banks to obtain an unjust profit and thus 
causing significant damages to the public authority. In addition, the Public Prosecutor claims 
that the lending banks and the Fund entered into a loan under different, more burdensome 
conditions than those provided for in the call for tenders held by the public entity for the 
transaction. 
Intesa Sanpaolo (as the company that merged Banca IMI by incorporation) is investigated in 
the criminal proceeding pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01 together with the other two 
lending banks and the real-estate fund management company. 
By order dated 27 June 2022, which became final in December, the Public Prosecutor's Office 
ordered the dismissal of the proceedings against the Bank, and by order of 30 May 2023, the 
Preliminary Investigation Judge also ordered the dismissal of the proceedings against the 
former manager of Banca IMI. The proceeding is now fully dismissed. 
Disputes regarding tax-collection companies 
In the context of the government's decision to re-assume responsibility for tax collection, 
Intesa Sanpaolo sold to Equitalia S.p.A, now the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections 
Division, full ownership of Gest Line and ETR/ESATRI, companies that managed tax-
collection activities, undertaking to indemnify the buyer against any expenses associated with 
the collection activity carried out up to the time of purchase of the equity investments. 
In particular, such expenses refer to liabilities for disputes with tax authorities, taxpayers and 
employees and out-of-period expenses and capital losses with respect to the financial situation 
at the time of the sale. 
Overall, claims of around €74.9 million were made, later reduced to around €74.6 million, 
which were resolved by amicable settlement in the second quarter of 2023. 
Isoldi Holding Bankruptcy 
The Isoldi Holding Bankruptcy receiver sued the former UBI Banca (which absorbed Nuova 
Banca Etruria and Centrobanca), Intesa Sanpaolo and five other banks in June 2020, before 
the Court of Bologna, claiming that they were liable, jointly and severally with the 
management body of Isoldi Holding, for a series of acts of diversion of assets that are claimed 
to have contributed to the company's artificial survival in the period June 2011 – June 2013, 
due to conduct claimed to have been implemented by preparing a turnaround plan pursuant to 
Article 67, para. 3, letter d), of the Bankruptcy Law based on unlawful acts and a connected

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
agreement governing the disbursement of new finance, acts that are argued to have artificially 
deferred the company's crisis and concealed the irreversibility of its default. 
The Isoldi Bankruptcy Receiver also formulated a joint claim against Intesa Sanpaolo (prior to 
the incorporation of UBI Banca) and MPS, claiming their liability, jointly with the Sole 
Director of Isoldi Holding, for allegedly unlawful conduct connected with the bail-in of 
Aedes, in which Isoldi Holding was interested in taking over the majority shareholding. 
Intesa Sanpaolo and the former UBI Banca filed regular appearances and the assigned Court, 
with an order dated 1 July 2021, declared that it lacked jurisdiction. The opposing party 
resumed the proceedings, submitting the same claims before the Court of Turin and the Bank 
duly filed an appearance. At the hearing in February 2023, set for the admission of evidence, 
the judge reserved the right to decide on the preliminary objections. 
In the meantime, a third company filed an application for a bankruptcy arrangement, which 
was then endorsed. Having lifted the reservation, the judge appointed an expert panel to carry 
out the technical appraisal aimed at identifying both the existence and the amount of the 
damage claimed, which therefore cannot yet be determined. Having completed the formalities 
for the start of the appraisal work, the judge postponed the examination of the witnesses to 
October 2024 and the examination of the technical appraisal report to 16 January 2025. 
Nuova Casar 
This involves a legal action brought in 2002 against the Bank to obtain payment of around 
€7.2 million plus interest by Nuova Casar, in its capacity as the transferee of the credit from a 
mortgage loan of €11.3 million from 1991 provided by Sanpaolo di Torino to Finedilturistica 
(which became insolvent in 1997), with the credit secured by a mortgage and an independent 
guarantee issued by Banco di Napoli (now Intesa Sanpaolo) and two other banks, each 
covering up to 25%. 
At first instance, the case ended in 2013 with the Naples Court rejecting Nuova Casar’s claim, 
on the grounds that the guarantee issued by Banco di Napoli was null and void due to the 
invalidity of the loan granted by Sanpaolo di Torino.  
The decision was appealed by the counterparty before the Naples Court of Appeal, which in 
2023 referred the case back for a technical accounting appraisal, following which negotiations 
for a settlement commenced and were concluded in the first ten days of October 2024. 
Società Italiana per le Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. under Extraordinary Administration 
By writ of summons of 23 December 2022, Società Italiana per le Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. 
(in the following, "Condotte", admitted to the "Marzano" proceedings by way of Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 6 August 2018) asked the Court of Rome to order compensation for 
damages in the amount of € 389.3 million (or a different amount that will arise during the 
proceedings), in addition to monetary revaluation, legal interest and expenses. The claim has 
been filed, jointly, against Intesa Sanpaolo (also as the merging company of Mediocredito 
Italiano, Banca IMI and UBI Banca, as well as "the purchaser of" Veneto Banca and Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza), the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of 
Condotte and numerous other banks and factoring companies. The claim is based on the 
alleged conduct engaged in for various reasons by the defendants, considered a source of harm 
to the company's assets and its creditors. Specifically, the banks and factoring companies are 
allegedly liable for having unlawfully granted to and/or maintained credit for Condotte, 
thereby contributing to the continuation of its business at a loss and the worsening of its 
default.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
At the first hearing in September 2023 the proceedings were interrupted due to the death of 
the defence counsel of one of the defendants. The new hearing, following the resumption, was 
set for April 2024. 
As things stand, it is not possible to estimate the risk attributable to Intesa Sanpaolo, also 
taking account of the different conduct claimed against the numerous defendants. Condotte 
has also promoted against Intesa Sanpaolo three bankruptcy revocatory actions before the 
Court of Rome, with a request to reimburse amounts of around €16 million two of which were 
settled through favourable settlement agreements. In relation to the remaining revocatory 
action, which is still pending, concerning a claim of around €3 million, the Bank raised an 
objection of invalidity due to the vagueness of the opposing claim. 
Armonia SPV S.r.l.  
At the end of May 2024, Armonia SPV S.r.l. issued a formal notice claiming damages of 
around 98 million euro, plus arrears interest, additional damages and costs, alleging the non-
existence of certain receivables purchased from UBI Factor (now Intesa Sanpaolo), which 
were subject to legal proceedings at the time of the 2019 sale. The Bank responded to the 
notice by sending a communication rejecting the claims in full, and to date, no responses have 
been received. 
Azienda Agricola Turelli S.S. Soc. Agricola 
In 2017, as party of an objection to an order to pay obtained by ISP to recover its credit, 
Azienda Agricola Turelli S.S. and its  embers Attilio and Laura Turelli filed a counterclaim 
for compensation for damages quantified at a total of around 20 million euro, for alleged 
breach of the obligations of good faith and contractual fairness. 
In August 2023, the Court of Brescia rejected the objection and the claim for compensation 
for damages, ordering the opponents to pay the legal fees to ISP. In the meantime, the credit 
covered by the order to pay was subject to two subsequent assignments. 
In February 2024 the opponents lodged an appeal against the first instance ruling, with an 
initial hearing in September 2024. 
The Bank appeared before the Court. The following parties also appeared: 
− the second assignee, which also requested that ISP and/or the first assignee (its assignor) be 
ordered to return the price paid to purchase the credit, or to compensate for the (not 
specifically quantified) damages, as well as to hold it harmless and/or indemnified from any 
claim for reimbursement/compensation that may be recognised against the appellant, though it 
had not concluded any contracts with the Bank; 
− the first assignee of the credit. 
Azzurro 2000 S.a.s. di Tilli Renzo & C. 
In 2004, the company Azzurro 2000 brought an action for damages against the former 
Sanpaolo Banco di Napoli for alleged unlawful reporting to the Central Credit Register, 
quantifying the claim at around 50 million euro. 
The plaintiff’s claim was rejected at both first and second instance. 
Against the appeal ruling, the plaintiff filed (i) an appeal before the Court of Cassation and (ii) 
a revocation proceeding before the same Court of Appeal. The latter declared the request for 
revocation inadmissible and the plaintiff filed a further appeal before the Court of Cassation 
against this second ruling of the Court of Appeal.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
The Supreme Court combined the two cases and upheld the first appeal, basing solely on one 
of the grounds of appeal, overturning the decision and referring the case back to the Naples 
Court of Appeal, and declared the request for revocation inadmissible. 
The plaintiff then resumed the action and the Bank appeared before the Court. The hearing 
was scheduled in 2026 to refer the lawsuit to judgement. 
Fondazione Cassa Risp. di Pesaro 
In 2018, the Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro (the "Pesaro Foundation") brought a 
compensation claim against the former UBI Banca (as the alleged successor-in-interest to the 
issuer Banca delle Marche) and PwC (the independent auditors that certified the financial 
statements and the figures presented in the prospectus relating to the 2012 capital increase of 
Banca delle Marche) alleging that the defendants published data and information regarding the 
financial performance and the income outlooks of Banca delle Marche that later proved to be 
totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial statements as at 
31 December 2010 and 30 June 2011 and included in the above mentioned prospectus, is 
claimed to have led the Foundation to subscribe for the bank's shares issued as part of the 
capital increase in March 2012. The value of these shares then fell to zero, resulting in a loss 
quantified by the opposing party at around €52 million. 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued 
invoked by UBI, by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the 
resolution procedure for Banca delle Marche. 
The Court of Milan, in a ruling published in May 2023, having ascertained and declared the 
lack of capacity to be sued of Intesa Sanpaolo, as the company that absorbed UBI, rejected the 
Pesaro Foundation's claim and ordered that each party pay its own legal fees. 
The Pesaro Foundation appealed the first instance ruling before the Court of Appeal of Milan 
and the first hearing has been set for October 2024. 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi 
In January 2016, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi (the "Jesi Foundation") brought a 
compensation claim against UBI Banca (as the alleged successor-in-interest to the issuer 
Banca delle Marche) and PwC (the independent auditors that certified the financial statements 
and the figures presented in the prospectus relating to the 2012 capital increase of Banca delle 
Marche) alleging that the defendants published data and information regarding the financial 
performance and the income outlooks of Banca delle Marche that later proved to be totally 
incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial statements as at 31 
December 2010 and 30 June 2011 and included in the above mentioned prospectus, is claimed 
to have led the Foundation to subscribe for the bank's shares issued as part of the capital 
increase in March 2012. The value of these shares then fell to zero, resulting in a loss 
quantified at around €25 million by the opposing party. 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued 
invoked by the former UBI Banca, by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 
governing the resolution procedure for Banca delle Marche. 
By judgment rendered on 18 March 2020, the Court of Ancona granted the objection of lack 
of capacity to be sued raised by the bank, rejecting the Jesi Foundation's claims lodged. In the 
appeal brought by the Jesi Foundation, the Court of Appeal of Ancona, by judgment filed on 
17 July 2023, rejected the appeal and upheld the first instance judgment, ordering the 
appellant to pay the costs of the proceedings to Intesa Sanpaolo, as the absorbing company of 
UBI Banca. The Jesi Foundation challenged the second instance ruling before the Court of 
Cassation with an appeal submitted in February 2024.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Auditors Italiana S.r.l. in compulsory administrative liquidation 
In October 2023, the fiduciary and audit company Auditors Italiana S.r.l. in compulsory 
administrative liquidation brought an action for damages against Intesa Sanpaolo (as the 
absorbing company of UBI Banca, which had previously acquired Nuova Banca dell'Etruria e 
del Lazio) for alleged damages of over €32 million. According to the reconstruction by the 
plaintiff, those damages arose from wrongdoings committed by the former Banca Popolare 
dell'Etruria e del Lazio in relation to a current account in its name, which facilitated the 
diversion of sums to the detriment of the trustees and of the company, leading to its financial 
distress and consequent compulsory administrative liquidation. 
The Bank filed an appearance in the proceedings, preliminarily asserting (i) its lack of 
capacity to be sued and (ii) the expiry of the limitation period, in addition to submitting a 
series of defence arguments on the merits. The first hearing has been set for March 2024.   
SIM Bankruptcy 
By writ of summons served in October 2022, the receiver to SIM S.p.A. summoned Intesa 
Sanpaolo (along with another 7 banks) before the Court of Catania, with the first hearing 
scheduled for 31 March 2023. 
This is a compensation claim brought for damages allegedly suffered by the company and its 
creditors due to conduct by the banks defined by the opposing party as "unlawful", which 
allegedly resulted in the unlawful granting of credit. 
The claim for damages has been quantified at around €47 million, requesting that the 
defendant banks be jointly ruled against. 
The Bank argued in Court lack of legal standing of the receiver and expiry of the limitation 
period, among other things, in addition to contesting the factual and legal grounds of the 
opposing party's claims, with a series of defence arguments on the merits. The President of the 
Court did not consider that the conditions had been met for the joinder of the action with 
another action brought by the receiver pursuant to Article 146 of the Bankruptcy Law against 
the directors of the bankrupt company SIM S.p.A. 
The Judge therefore ordered the continuation of the proceedings. 
Offering of diamonds 
In October 2015, the Bank signed a partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment 
("DPI") governing how diamond offerings were made by DPI to the customers of Intesa 
Sanpaolo. The aim of this initiative was to provide customers with a diversification solution 
with the characteristics of a "safe haven asset" in which to allocate a marginal part of their 
assets over the long-term. Diamonds had already been sold for several years by other leading 
national banking networks. 
This recommendation activity was carried out primarily in 2016, with a significant decline 
starting from the end of that year. A total of around 8,000 customers purchased diamonds, for 
a total amount of over €130 million. The marketing process was based on criteria of 
transparency, with safeguards progressively enhanced over time, including quality controls on 
the diamonds and the fairness of the prices applied by DPI.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
In 2017, the AGCM instituted proceedings to verify the conduct in breach of the provisions on 
unfair business practices against the companies that sold diamonds (DPI and another 
company) and the banks that recommended the services of those companies. At the end of 
those proceedings, the AGCM issued penalties as a result of verifying that the conduct of DPI 
and the banks breached the Consumer Code.   
The Authority issued a fine of €3 million against Intesa Sanpaolo, reduced from the initial fine 
of 3.5 million euro, after the Authority had recognised the value of the measures taken by the 
Bank since 2016 to strengthen the safeguards on the offering process.   
Intesa Sanpaolo filed an appeal at the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, which rejected 
the appeal in November 2022. The Bank then filed an appeal at the Council of State, which, in 
a ruling of March 2024, rejected the appeal and upheld the penalty measure.  
The judgment of the Council of State became final and rendered the penalty final. 
From November 2017, Intesa Sanpaolo: 
• 
terminated the partnership agreement with DPI and ceased the activity, which had 
already been suspended in October 2017; 
• 
started a process that provides for the payment to customers of the original cost 
incurred for the purchase of the diamonds and the withdrawal of the stones, in order to 
satisfy the customers' resale needs which, due to the illiquidity that had arisen in the 
market, are not met by DPI; and 
• 
sent a communication in January 2018 to the diamond-holding customers reiterating 
the nature of the stones as durable goods, and also confirming the Bank's willingness 
to intervene directly in relation to any realisation needs expressed by the customers 
and not met by DPI. 
In 2023, 36 requests were received for around €0.5 million. At the end of the year, a total of 
6,890 repurchase requests had been received from customers and met by the Bank, for a total 
value of €116.9 million 
In February 2019, an order for preventive criminal seizure of €11.1 million was served, 
corresponding to the fee and commission income paid by DPI to the Bank. The preliminary 
investigations initiated by the Public Prosecutor's Office of Milan also concern four other 
banks (with more involved) and two companies that sell diamonds. In October 2019, the 
notice of conclusion of the investigation was served, which stated that two of the Bank's 
operators were currently under investigation for alleged aggravated fraud (in collusion with 
other parties to be identified) and other persons are being identified for allegations of self-
laundering, while ISP is being charged with the administrative offence pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 231/2001 in relation to this latter predicate offence. 
In reaction to the latter claims, in July 2021, the hearing was held, in which the Preliminary 
Investigation Judge accepted the plea bargain request which Intesa Sanpaolo had submitted 
solely to bring to an end the lengthy legal proceedings and which had been supported by the 
Public Prosecutor's Office – issuing a ruling which ordered only a financial penalty of 
€100,000, and the confiscation of only the sums constituting the profit from the offence of 
self-laundering, calculated at €61,000. 
Following the partial transfer of the proceedings to the Court of Rome, for reasons of 
territorial jurisdiction in August 2022 the revocation of the preventive seizure ordered in 
February 2019 regarding the profit from the alleged crime of fraud was served, with full 
restitution to the Bank of the amount of €11.1 million.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
In January 2023 the filing was confirmed of the request to dismiss the case against the two 
relationship managers under investigation, on the grounds of "the act not constituting an 
offence". The request for dismissal was also made in respect of two other employees, on the 
grounds of "not having committed the act", as no evidence against them had emerged during 
the investigation. The Preliminary Investigation Judge ordered, with ruling dated 9 April 
2024, the dismissal of the case against the two ISP relationship managers under investigation, 
on the grounds of “the act not constituting an offence”, thus rendering the proceedings fully 
closed. 
Private banker (Sanpaolo Invest SIM, incorporated into its parent company Fideuram - 
Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking) 
An inspection conducted by the audit function identified serious irregularities by a private 
banker of the former Sanpaolo Invest SIM. The checks carried out revealed serious 
irregularities affecting several customers, including misappropriation of funds and reports 
with false incremental amounts. On 28 June 2019, the company terminated the agency 
agreement with the private banker and reported the findings to the Public Prosecutor's Office 
of Parma and the Supervisory Authority for financial advisors, which first suspended and then 
removed the private banker from the Register of Financial Advisors in December 2019. 
Following the unlawful actions, the company received a total of 279 compensation claims 
(including complaints, mediation proceedings and lawsuits), for a total amount of 
approximately €62.9 million, mostly based on alleged embezzlement, losses due to disavowed 
transactions in financial instruments, false account statements and the debiting of fees relating 
to advisory service. At December 31, 2023 there were 14 pending claims, with a present value 
of approximately €7 million, following the resolution of 265 positions. 
The total amount of €8.6 million was recovered from the improperly credited customers (and 
already returned to the customers harmed) and there are currently attachment orders, on these 
customers, for around €1 million. 
Within the criminal proceedings against the former private banker for fraud, embezzlement 
and theft aggravated by fraudulent means and misuse of professional position, at the 
preliminary hearing in November 2023, Fideuram joined the action as a civil plaintiff together 
with other aggrieved customers, who requested that Fideuram be summoned as a civilly liable 
party. 
A precautionary attachment was ordered against the private banker for an amount equal to the 
balance found in the accounts and deposits held with credit institutions and the social-security 
position with Enasarco. In the ensuing case on the merits, the former private banker filed a 
counterclaim in the total amount of €0.6 million by way of non-payment of indemnity for 
termination of the relationship. 
Another lawsuit was also brought against former private bankers to recover the claims arising 
from withdrawal from the agency contract, in the total amount of €1.6 million, in addition to 
interest by way of indemnity in lieu of notice, penalty relating to a loan agreement and 
reimbursement of advances of bonuses. 
Adequate provisions have been set aside for the risks associated with the unlawful conduct 
discussed above, mainly for the damages verified relating to compensation claims and 
pending lawsuits. 
The above provisions do not consider the coverage envisaged by the specific insurance policy 
in force, under which the insurance company has already paid an initial advance of €744,000.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Litigation against Fideuram concerning investment transactions 
In October 2022, Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. ("Fideuram") was 
summoned before the Court of Naples with a request for: (i) a declaration of the alleged 
invalidity of the current account and investment services master agreement entered into by the 
plaintiff with Fideuram, the consequent invalidity of all the investment transactions carried 
out and the alleged contractual and non-contractual liability of the Bank, and, as a result, (ii) 
an order for the Bank to pay compensation for the alleged damages suffered totalling around 
29 million euro. 
The Bank duly filed an appearance, contesting the factual and legal validity and admissibility 
of the claims made and confirming the correctness and compliance of its actions with the 
applicable regulations, also in terms of profiling and customer information. 
The first appearance hearing was postponed to April 2024.  
Unicredit against Fideuram on the transfer of private bankers 
In July 2023, Unicredit S.p.A. initiated legal proceedings against Fideuram at the Court of 
Turin, seeking compensation for alleged damage of approximately 23 million euro, plus 
interest and revaluation. This claim is based on alleged acts of unfair competition by 
Fideuram, related to the resignation of several private bankers from Unicredit during the 
period 2022-2023, who were subsequently employed by Fideuram, as well as alleged 
unlawful acts committed by those private bankers in the course of their transition to the 
defendant, for which Fideuram is allegedly also liable. 
Fideuram filed an appearance, fully contesting the opposing party claims and requesting the 
dismissal of the petitions on the grounds that they were baseless in both fact and law, also 
pointing out that the situations cited in the proceedings were common in the industry, which is 
characterised by strong competition and mobility of financial advisors, and that Fideuram 
itself was not immune to this phenomenon. 
With regard to the compensation claim, it was fully contested both in terms of its basis and its 
quantification because it had been calculated using inappropriate methods based on a distorted 
representation of the profitability of the assets managed by the parties in dispute. 
Following the first appearance hearing in January 2024, the case was adjourned to April 2024 
for the preliminary investigations. 
Reyl & Cie (Switzerland) – Proceedings pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 of the 
Public Prosecutor's Office of the Court of Milan 
The Public Prosecutor's Office of Milan initiated criminal proceedings pursuant to Legislative 
Decree 231/2001 against Reyl & Cie (a Swiss subsidiary of Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Banking) for the predicate offence of money laundering, allegedly committed by one 
of its former employees (dismissed in 2020), and ordered the seizure of securities owned by 
Reyl for around €1.1 million. The proceedings also involve the Swiss bank Cramer & Cie. 
Neither Fideuram ISPB nor ISP are currently involved in the proceedings. The circumstances 
alleged relate to events that took place in 2018, before Reyl & Cie joined the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group in May 2021. According to the prosecution, the former employee, together with his 
brother, an employee of the bank Cramer & Cie, and an external advisor, allegedly engaged in 
practices aimed at facilitating tax evasion by Italian customers through the transfer of 
accounts from Switzerland to branches located in the Bahamas, in order to allow those 
customers to withdraw money from those accounts without the possibility of being traced by 
the Italian authorities.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Within the criminal proceedings pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01, pending in Italy, in 
February 2024 Reyl & Cie was notified of the indictment of the Bosia brothers, as well as 
Cramer & Cie and Reyl & Cie. In order to avoid a lengthy dispute and without admitting any 
liability for the circumstances alleged, at the hearing of 3 July 2024 the bank filed a petition to 
apply a financial penalty (plea bargain), which was accepted by the Public Prosecutor. At the 
preliminary hearing on 24 September 2024, the Judge postponed the hearing to 24 October 
2024 to allow the other parties involved (Banca Cramer and the Bosia brothers) additional 
time to reach an agreement with the Prosecutor to settle the case. With the other parties having 
failed to reach an agreement with the Prosecutor, at the hearing on 24 October 2024 the Public 
Prosecutor requested the issuance of an indictment order against the Bosia brothers and Banca 
Cramer. The Judge then deferred the decision to the hearing on 4 February 2025 regarding 
both Reyl’s plea bargain request and the position of the other parties involved. 
Although it is possible for Reyl to submit an application to revoke or reduce the attachment 
order, also considering that it was the Swiss company that reported the suspicious transactions 
to the Authorities, the Milan Public Prosecutor's Office has rejected a similar petition made by 
Banca Cramer. 
Any consequential damages (for possible fines and/or confiscations) could be covered by the 
various warranties provided by the seller, for which a reserve claim was made within the 
terms of the Reyl acquisition agreement. 
Lawsuit against two Hungarian subsidiaries of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The lawsuit is connected with a lease agreement terminated by one of the subsidiaries in 2010. 
In 2011, the tenant initiated proceedings in civil court, and in 2021, it supplemented its initial 
claim, formulating new claims and, as a result, increasing the total of the claims to around €31 
million. 
In July 2022, the Court rejected all the plaintiff company's claims, finding that it lacked 
standing. The plaintiff filed an appeal against that decision. 
In December 2022, the Court of Appeal partially upheld the opposing party's appeal, ordering 
one of the two defendant companies to pay around €9.5 million. The subsidiary filed an 
appeal with the Supreme Court, which first suspended the execution of the contested 
judgment and then annulled it, upholding the first instance Court's ruling. Subsequently, the 
plaintiff instituted proceedings before the Constitutional Court claiming that the Supreme 
Court decision violated the principles of the Fundamental Charter, and initiated review 
proceedings before the first instance Court, both proceedings have not passed the admissibility 
screening.  
Against the ruling of inadmissibility made by the first instance Court, counterparty filed an 
appeal, which was rejected by the Court of appeal. 
No further remedies were proposed till the third quarter of 2024; therefore, the Supreme 
Court's ruling has become final. 
IMI/SIR 
With regard to the IMI/SIR dispute you are reminded that following the final judgement in 
2006 establishing the criminal liability of the corrupt judge Metta (and his accomplices 
Rovelli, Acampora, Pacifico, and Previti), the defendants were ordered to pay compensation 
for damages, with the determination of those damages referred to the civil courts. Intesa 
Sanpaolo then brought a case before the Court of Rome to obtain an order of compensation 
for damages from those responsible.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
In its ruling of May 2015, the Court of Rome quantified the financial and non-financial 
damages for Intesa Sanpaolo and ordered Acampora and Metta – the latter also jointly liable 
with the Prime Minister's Office (pursuant to Law no. 117/1988 on the accountability of the 
judiciary) – to pay Intesa Sanpaolo €173 million net of tax, plus legal interest accruing from 1 
February 2015 to the date of final payment, plus legal expenses. The amount ordered took 
account of the amounts received in the meantime by the Bank as part of the settlements with 
the Rovelli family and with the opposing parties Previti and Pacifico. 
In July 2016, the Rome Court of Appeal stayed the enforcement of the judgment of first 
instance with respect to the amount in excess of €130 million, in addition to ancillary charges 
and expenses. As a result of this decision, in December 2016 the Office of the President of the 
Council of Ministers credited Intesa Sanpaolo with the sum of €131,173,551.58 
(corresponding to the €130 million of the order, in addition to legal interest and 
reimbursement of expenses). To avoid dispute, only the exact amount of the order, without 
applying the gross-up, was demanded and collected. On 16 April 2020, the ruling of the Rome 
Court of Appeal was filed, which essentially upheld the Court's ruling, while reducing the sum 
of non-financial damages to €8 million (compared to €77 million that had been awarded by 
the court of first instance), and set the amount to be paid at €108 million (instead of €173 
million), to be considered net of tax, plus legal interest and expenses. 
In the second quarter of 2020 the Bank filed a petition for the correction of a material error 
contained in the finding regarding the calculation of the damages liquidated; the Court of 
Appeal rejected the Bank's petition by ruling filed on 7 December 2020 holding that the error 
claimed by the Bank could be remedied by means of an appeal before the Court of Cassation. 
In May 2021, the Bank filed an appeal with the Court of Cassation against the Rome Court of 
Appeal's ruling of 16 April 2020 on the following main grounds: 
(a) 
the reduction to €8 million of the non-financial damages made by the Court of Appeal, 
compared to the €77 million recognised in the first instance ruling was arbitrary and 
devoid of any sound legal or logical reasoning; 
(b) 
even accepting the reduction under point a), the Court made a miscalculation when 
redetermining the amount of total damages That aspect was already the subject of an 
application for material correction filed in 2020, rejected by the Court as it was 
deemed to be an issue that could be remedied through appeal. 
By ruling no. 5682/2023, the Court of Cassation, partially upheld the grounds of appeal filed 
by Acampora and the Prime Minister's Office, overturning the second instance ruling, in 
relation to the claims upheld, and referring the case back to the Rome Court of Appeal for the 
application of the principles of law set forth in the ruling. The outcome differs both from the 
rulings made at the previous instances and from the conclusions, consistent with them, filed 
on December 2022 by the General Prosecutor at the Court of Cassation. 
The Court applied a rule of pre-emption according to which the action for revocation, aimed at 
obtaining the return of the sums unduly paid, should precede the exercise of the action for 
damages, in clear conflict with the principles set out in the criminal proceedings in 2006 
according to which the independence and dissimilarity of the two actions (the action for 
damages and the action for extraordinary revocation) "rule out any interference between them 
and place each in its own sector, with the only limitation of not allowing the duplication of 
coinciding outcomes in terms of compensation and, therefore, undue enrichment". In addition, 
it introduced a further and unprecedented rule of a procedural nature according to which, 
without prejudice to the right to obtain lost earnings and non-pecuniary damage, in order to 
claim compensation from the perpetrators of the offence (i.e. Acampora, Metta and the

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Government) for the damage arising, the injured party, Intesa Sanpaolo, must prove that it had 
unsuccessfully enforced its claim against the party benefiting from the corrupt ruling. 
On 19 May 2023, the Bank notified the other parties involved (Metta, the Prime Minister's 
Office and Acampora) of the appeal, requesting: (i) as the main claim, on the merits, the 
award, in addition to the other damages, of the damage arising, subject to correction of the 
miscalculation made at the time by the Rome Court of Appeal, in consideration of the fact that 
the "prejudicial conditions" set out by the Court of Cassation had been met because the Bank 
had pursued the recovery, both in and out of court, of the sums paid to the beneficiary as a 
result of the revoked ruling. In the event that the main claim is not upheld, the Bank requested 
at least the award of the lost earnings and non-pecuniary damage; (ii) subordinately to the 
merits, a reference for a preliminary ruling to the CJEU pursuant to Article 267 of the Treaty 
on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU) for breach of the Treaty on European 
Union (TEU), highlighting the arbitrary limitation of the right to compensation provided for 
by the Special Law on damages caused by judges in the performance of their duties (Law 
117/88) resulting from the application of the principles set out by the Court of Cassation in its 
recent ruling. 
The Prime Minister's Office and Giovanni Acampora filed an appearance in the review 
proceedings, responding to the arguments submitted by the Bank. Following the first hearing, 
which took place in writing on 31 October 2023, the Court declared Vittorio Metta in absentia 
and adjourned the case for closing arguments to 1 October 2024, without ruling on the 
petitions from the parties. On 11 September 2024 Giovanni Acampora’s defence counsel 
submitted a death certificate for his client, resulting in the interruption of the proceedings 
pursuant to Article 300 of the Italian Code of Civil Procedure. The Court pronounced the 
interruption of the proceedings at the hearing on 1 October. The Bank will resume the 
proceedings within three months by summoning Acampora’s heirs. 
After passing an initial summary examination to ensure that it was not clearly inadmissible, 
the appeal to the European Court of Human Rights (the "ECHR") was declared inadmissible 
with a very short statement of reasons that did not consider the points made in the defences. 
Considering that the ECHR, among its reasons for rejecting the appeal, also mentioned the 
lack of immediate enforceability of the claim because of the pending compensation 
proceedings before the Court of Appeal, the appeal could be submitted again after the entire 
national legal process has concluded. 
At the end of 2023, the Bank also brought proceedings before the Tax Court to demand the 
refund of 33.2 million euro, previously paid as withholding tax for overdue interest on the 
compensation for damages under the 1994 ruling paid to Mrs Battistella, as Nino Rovelli’s 
heir. The Italian Revenue Agency filed an appearance on 20 December 2023, arguing that the 
request for reimbursement was unfounded. 
The First Instance Tax Court of Rome rejected the Bank’s appeal by way of ruling dated 24 
April. 
Labour litigation 
In line with the situation as at 31 December 2022, as at 31 December 2023 there were no 
significant cases of labour litigation, from either a qualitative or quantitative standpoint. In 
general, all labour litigation is covered by specific provisions which are adequate to meet any 
outlays.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Tax litigation 
The Group's tax litigation risks are covered by adequate provisions to the allowances for risks 
and charges. 
Tax Proceedings related to the Issuer 
As at 30 September 2024, the Parent Company Intesa Sanpaolo had 444 proceedings pending 
(448 as at 30 June 2024) for a total amount claimed (taxes, penalties and interest) of €108.3 
million (€107 million as at 30 June 2024), considering both administrative and judicial 
proceedings in both the lower and higher courts. 
In relation to these proceedings, the actual risks were quantified for Intesa Sanpaolo at €40.7 
million as at 30 September 2024 (€41.1 million as at 30 June 2024). Compared to 30 June 
2024, the main events that influenced the increase in the amount claimed (+1.3 million euro) 
were: 
• 
an increase (€2.8 million), due to: i) new disputes for €0.1 million for municipal 
property tax (IMU) disputes on terminated lease contracts; ii) new disputes for €2.4 
million for registration tax, of which €2.2 million for registration on judicial 
documents relating to the former Banca Apulia position discussed below; iii) new 
disputes for €0.1 million for mortgage and land registry taxes; and iv) accrued interest 
expenses of €0.2 million; 
• 
a decrease (€1.5 million), due to: i) settlements of disputes regarding registration tax 
for €1.1 million concerning the former Banca Apulia position; and ii) settlements of 
disputes on municipal property tax (IMU) on properties from both terminated and 
current leasing contracts for €0.4 million. 
In the three months ended September 30, 2024, 27 disputes were closed at the level of the 
Issuer for a total of €1.5 million with a disbursement of approximately €0.3 million. 
With regard to the Issuer (ISP) and many Italian subsidiaries, from the end of 2023 to the 
start of 2024, ISP, as the incorporating and/or consolidating entity, was served “orders” and 
“questionnaires” by several Regional and Provincial Directorates of the Italian Revenue 
Agency, relating to the tax period 2017. Those documents set out IRES (Corporate Income 
Tax) claims regarding the tax treatment that the Italian companies of the Group applied to the 
income recognised through profit and loss at the time, against the commitment that the Parent 
Company unilaterally took on, to hold them harmless from the charges that would arise for 
those companies following the integration into the Group of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and 
Veneto Banca, the so called “Venetian Banks” (these were charges for IT integration, charges 
for exit incentives for employees, and charges for the closure/merger of branches, etc.). 
In the case in question, the subsidiaries considered IRES inapplicable to that income, while 
the Directorates argued that it should have been taxed. 
During numerous meetings initially held with the Collaborative Compliance Office and 
subsequently with each Directorate, we set out the reasons why the alleged disputes should be 
considered entirely unfounded. 
Lastly, it has been agreed with the Italian Revenue Agency that the contributions due from 
ISP to the companies concerned a) are covered by Article 88, paragraph 3 of the Income Tax

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Code, and are therefore only taxable on a cash basis (in other words only if and to the extent 
they have been actually paid/received, excluding instances where contributions were not made 
due to the subsequent merger of the subsidiary into ISP); and b) are, in any event, only taxable 
outside the ISP tax consolidation scheme (because within the consolidation, the taxation on 
the subsidiary is matched by a deduction for the consolidating parent company). 
Specifically, it was agreed that: 
1. as ISP did not pay any income to the subsidiaries during 2017, no voluntary correction 
will be made for that year; 
2. for subsidiaries merged before the contribution was received, the dispute should be 
permanently abandoned for both the subsidiaries and, correspondingly, for the absorbing 
company ISP; 
3. regarding the subsidiaries that received the contribution during the tax periods from 2018 
to 2022, the intention is to ensure that they include the contribution in the calculation of 
their taxable income in the year it is received, and, in the same year, ISP will deduct the 
corresponding cost for IRES (Corporate Income Tax) and the related surcharge. 
Operationally, this adjustment will be carried out by voluntary correction in accordance 
with Article 13, Legislative Decree 18 December 1997, no. 472, with supplementary tax 
returns “unfavourable” to the subsidiaries and “favourable” to ISP. The regularization for 
the tax years 2018-2022 would be completed by 31 December 2024, through responses 
from the companies concerned to specific requests/questionnaires that the Agency’s 
Directorates are expected to start sending shortly. 
The total cost for net taxes, penalties, and interest to settle the position for all the years for the 
companies concerned (including those not part of the ISP Group, namely SEC Servizi and 
Intrum, whose charge will be borne by ISP) is essentially nil at Group level. This is because 
the costs incurred are offset by the benefit to ISP from the ability to deduct for tax purposes 
not only (i) the additional contributions to be paid now to compensate the companies for the 
tax charge due from them to settle the position but also (ii) the contributions paid in the period 
2018-2022, for which no DTAs were recognised. 
With regard to the dispute with the Brazilian tax authorities (value of around 41.6 million 
euro), concerning taxes on income and social security contributions for the year 1995 for the 
company Banco Sudameris Brasil (now Banco Santander Brasil) - better known as the “PDD1 
dispute” – the proceedings are pending in second instance. The hearing initially scheduled for 
18 September has been postponed by the court and has been rescheduled for 18 December 
2024. The law firm representing the bank has submitted a brief memorandum for the hearing. 
For a detailed analysis of the case, see the consolidated financial statements as at 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
There is a dispute pending in Brazil in relation to the former subsidiary Banco Sudameris 
Brasil (now Banco Santander Brasil), sold in 2003 to ABN AMRO Brasil (now the Santander 
Group), whose economic charge falls on Intesa Sanpaolo due to the commitments entered into 
with the seller at the time, which was not established through the Settlement Agreement of 
2019 with Banco Santander Brasil.  The dispute is known as " PDD1 Dispute" and is based 
on the issue of taxes on income and social security contributions for 1995. 
In 2021, an initial judgement was delivered by the ordinary civil judge in a dispute concerning 
Banco Sudameris Brasil, our former subsidiary.  The judgement, despite acknowledging

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
several of the bank’s objections, generally favored the Brazilian tax authorities.  This 
judgement was subsequently appealed and is now awaiting a hearing in the second instance 
court.  The hearing initially scheduled for 18 September has been postponed by the court and 
has been rescheduled for 18 December 2024. The law firm representing the bank has 
submitted a brief memorandum for the hearing. 
The financial risk related to this dispute amounts to €41.6 million, based on the exchange rate 
as of December 2022 (this equates to €35 million as of December 31, 2021).  This figure 
corresponds to the security deposit paid by the bank to engage in civil court proceedings (216 
million Brazilian real), which is listed as an asset in the balance sheet. 
On 15 July 2024, the Italian Revenue Agency – Provincial Directorate of Bari issued a notice 
of assessment for registration tax of €1.1 million related to a 2023 ruling by the Court of 
Bari. This ruling ordered Intesa Sanpaolo, as the successor of Banca Apulia, to pay the 
Municipality of Bari 18 million euro, including €1 million in interest (based on a guarantee 
provided by the bank in favour of the consortium that carried out the contract for the 
construction of the San Nicola Stadium in Bari), and also ordered the consortium to indemnify 
Intesa Sanpaolo with respect to the ruling. This notice was annulled by way of internal review 
and replaced by a new notice, with amended grounds, served on 8 August 2024 for an almost 
identical amount (difference of a few thousand euro). Substantively, the claim is considered 
illegitimate: a) regarding the order for Intesa Sanpaolo to pay the Municipality the amount of 
18 million euro, based on the guarantee provided, because this involves the application of a 
proportional registration tax (542 thousand euro), whereas it involves a reimbursement of an 
amount paid by the Municipality to the Consortium under the contract, subject to VAT of 
around 50% and, therefore, to a fixed registration tax on the basis of the VAT-registration tax 
alternativity principle; and b) regarding the order for the Consortium to indemnify Intesa 
Sanpaolo up to the amount of 18 million euro, because again this involves the application of a 
proportional registration tax (542 thousand euro) on an amount that also falls within the scope 
of the contract, for which the Municipality obtained the right to restitution from the 
Consortium by means of a favourable civil ruling, and therefore the grounds set out in point a) 
also apply. Intesa Sanpaolo appealed against this latest notice on 7 November 2024 (date of 
appeal filed). 
Tax Proceedings related to Group Companies 
With regard to Group companies, the following developments occurred also during the nine 
months of 2024 in the tax proceedings in which we are a party. In all cases, we have 
determined the amounts not to be material and therefore have not made any specific 
provisions, unless otherwise stated below. 
For Banca Fideuram, as a result of the Bank’s appeal, three lawsuits are pending before the 
Court of Cassation concerning the failure to withhold 27% of the interest accrued in 2009, 
2010 and 2011 on foreign bank accounts held at Fideuram Bank (Luxembourg) by two 
“historic” Luxembourg mutual funds (Fonditalia and Interfund SICAV), for which Banca 
Fideuram was only the placement bank and correspondent bank in the years in question (total 
value of the disputes of 9.3 million euro).  
Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking (“ISPB”)has long had pending IRES and IRAP disputes 
relating to the deduction (in 2011 and the following years) of the amortisation charge for the 
goodwill arising from the transfers of the private banking business lines of Intesa Sanpaolo 
and Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì e della Romagna in 2009, Banca di Trento e Bolzano and 
Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze in 2010 and Cassa di Risparmio Pistoia e Lucchesia and Cassa

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
di Risparmio dell’Umbria in 2013, realigned by the transferee in accordance with Article 15, 
paragraph 10, of Law Decree no. 185 of 29 November 2008. 
ISPB made use of the settlement of disputes pursuant to Law no. 197 of 29 December 2022 
(“2023 Budget Law”), referred to as the “tax truce” for 5 of the 7 pending disputes. For these 
years, taking into account the payments already made on a provisional basis and the 
deduction, recognised by the Italian Revenue Agency, from the cost of the settlement of the 
substitute tax of 16% paid at the time, the small disbursement resulting from the settlement 
was considered positive compared to the continuation of a lengthy dispute.  
For the disputes still pending, relating to 2012 and 2016, also based on the opinion issued by 
the advisor, the risk of an adverse ruling is classified as “possible”, since the lawfulness of 
realigning the tax value of the goodwill newly generated for the transferee – something which 
in the past was done by other Group companies without incurring in tax disputes – has been 
expressly acknowledged by the Italian Revenue Agency in Circular no. 8/E of 2010 and is 
consistent with the provisions of Article 15, paragraph 10 of Law Decree 185/2008. 
On 28 December 2023, Fideuram ISPB Asset Management SGR (hereinafter, Fideuram 
SGR) received from the Italian Revenue Agency – Lombardy Regional Directorate an order 
to file an appearance for 28 December regarding the year 2017 for IRES and IRAP, following 
the delivery of documentation in response to a questionnaire served on 4 August 2023, in 
order to establish adversarial proceedings on the alleged transfer pricing issues arising in 
relation to the consideration for fees and commissions received by Fideuram SGR in 
delegated manager activities for investment funds performed in favour of the Irish associate 
Fideuram Asset Management Ireland (principal). With specific regard to those management 
fees and commissions, the Agency has repeated the same adjustments made for the years 2011 
to 2013 (which gave rise to tax settlement proposals for those years) as well as for the year 
2016, which Fideuram accepted by signing the settlement proposal on 15 December 2022 and 
paying the amount due (220 thousand euro) on 20 December 2022. In this order, the Agency 
adjusted Fideuram SGR’s 2017 taxable income upwards by 1.14 million euro, resulting in 
higher IRES and IRAP (plus interest) for a total of around 300 thousand euro. 
As a result of that order, adversarial proceedings were initiated, which resulted in the 
finalisation of the tax settlement proposal on 12 April 2024, which settled the payment of 
IRES and IRAP of €190 thousand plus interest of €40 thousand and, thus, for a total of €230 
thousand (nothing for penalties, given that the transfer pricing documentation had been 
correctly prepared). 
In May 2023 SIREF Fiduciaria, as the incorporating entity of FIGE Fiduciaria, was served a 
payment notice of a total of €1.1 million following an automated check of Form 770/2019 (for 
the year 2018) as the non-recognition of the payments made for Tax on the Value of Insurance 
Contracts (and the related penalty for non-payment plus interest), due to errors in form in 
filling out the Form 770/2019. The Company submitted an appeal before the First Instance 
Tax Court of Milan, and in the meantime, requested and obtained from the Italian Revenue 
Agency the administrative suspension of the payment order. 
By ruling of March 2024, the Court declared the discontinuance of the matter in issue, as a 
result of the removal of the payment order. 
Cargeas Assicurazioni – now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo Protezione – underwent a tax 
audit by the Italian Revenue Agency, Lombardy Regional Directorate, Large Taxpayers 
Office, aimed at verifying the correct application, for the years from 2010 to 2018, of the tax

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
rules on private insurance and life annuity contracts pursuant to Italian Law no. 1216 of 29 
October 1961. 
On 29 November 2023, the former Intesa Sanpaolo Life DAC – an insurance company 
incorporated under Irish law – received a summons from Guardia di Finanza (Italian Tax 
Police) for clarifications regarding tax monitoring requirements. 
Note that Intesa Sanpaolo Vita S.p.A. (as the incorporating entity of Intesa Sanpaolo Life 
DAC) replied, with communication dated May 2024, to the requests of the Guardia di Finanza 
(Italian Tax Police) of March 2024, requesting the addition to the statements submitted in 
2022, solely for the years 2018-2020 (as the year 2017 had lapsed in the meantime), both for 
the premiums collected and the amounts paid (relating to the insurance benefits provided), 
with detailed evidence of: year of reference and insurance policy numbers; type of transaction, 
i.e., whether this was a premium initially paid (recurring and/or single premium) or an 
additional premium and, with regard to the insurance benefits, whether they were a partial or 
total surrender or other transactions (thus settlement due to expiry and/or due to claims); date 
and amount of each single transaction; identification of the party (person) “monitored”; and 
any reasons for objective exemption from the notification obligation. In addition, the same 
documentation provided for the years 2017 to 2020 was also requested for the years 2021 and 
2022, accompanied by the same detailed schedules. 
The claims regarding Transfer Pricing on the benefits provided to Eurizon Capital 
Luxembourg by Eurizon Capital SGR S.p.A. (“EC ITA”) for the years 2016, 2017 and 2018, 
which began with a questionnaire served to the latter company on 22 December 2022 relating 
to IRES and IRAP for 2016, were settled. 
A similar claim raised for the years 2017 and 2018 against Epsilon SGR S.p.A., which began 
on 4 April 2023 with a tax audit by the Italian Revenue Agency – Lombardy Regional 
Directorate – Large Taxpayers Office regarding the year 2017 (then extended also to 2018) 
concerning direct taxes, IRAP, VAT and obligations of tax collection agents, was settled. The 
claim related to the failure of the cross-border transaction regarding the service of UCI 
(Undertaking for Collective Investment) management provided by Epsilon to the Luxembourg 
associate company EC LUX to align with the conditions of free competition. 
Action was taken with the Italian Revenue Agency so that the transactions between EC ITA, 
Epsilon SGR and EC LUX were examined in a consistent and coordinated manner. Following 
numerous meetings between the company and the Lombardy Regional Directorate, an 
agreement was reached on the use of the median for 2017 and the first quartile for 2018. 
The proceedings concluded with the signing of the tax settlement agreements for IRES and 
IRAP on 24 April 2024 and the payment of the amounts due, which were in line with the 
provisions previously allocated by the subsidiaries in their financial statements as at 31 
December 2023, namely: 
− for EC ITA, total provisions of €9.6 million for the years 2017 and 2018 (outlay due of 9.7 
million euro), given by the higher IRES and IRAP taxes for €8.1 million (previously allocated 
as at 30 September 2023) and interest for €1.5 million (of which €1.4 million previously 
allocated as at 30 September 2023); 
− for Epsilon, total provisions of €4.1 million for the years 2017 and 2018, given by the 
higher IRES and IRAP taxes for a total of €3.4 million (previously allocated as at 30

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
September 2023) and interest for €700 thousand (of which €600 thousand previously allocated 
as at 30 September 2023). 
For the international subsidiaries, tax disputes as at 30 June 2024 had a low amount, and 
70% of their risk is covered: they amount to a total of €8 million (substantially unchanged on 
31 December 2023), with provisions of €5 million (amount also unchanged on 31 December 
2023).

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE INTESA SANPAOLO 
GROUP 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
The annual financial information below as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022 has been derived respectively from the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2023 (the "2023 Audited Financial Statements") and from the consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the 
"2022 Audited Financial Statements") presented for comparison in 2023. 
 
Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
The half-yearly financial information below as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 
2024 and for the six months ended on 30 June 2023 has been derived respectively from the 
unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2024 (the "2024 Half-Yearly Unaudited 
Financial Statements") and from the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial 
statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2023 
presented for comparison in 2024. 
 
Incorporation by Reference 
Both the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022, and the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial 
statements referred to above are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). The financial information set out below forms only 
part of, should be read in conjunction with and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
above mentioned audited consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial 
statements, together with the accompanying notes and auditors' reports. 
 
Accounting Principles  
The audited consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued by 
the International Accounting Standards Board and the relative interpretations of the 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee, otherwise known as 
International Accounting Standards and International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IAS/IFRS"), as adopted by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. In 
particular, the half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements referred to above have 
been prepared in compliance with the IAS/IFRS issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board ("IASB") and the relative interpretations of the International Financial 
Reporting Interpretations Committee ("IFRIC") endorsed by the European Commission, as 
provided for by EU Regulation 1606 of 19 July 2002 and in force as at 30 June 2024. 
 
In particular, the 2024 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are prepared in 
accordance with IAS 34 requirements, which regulate interim financial reporting, on a basis 
consistent with that of the 2023 Audited Financial Statements.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
In addition, the indications provided by the authorities and the IASB, together with the 
application decisions made by Intesa Sanpaolo, as described in the chapter "The first half of 
2024", should be consulted on the impact for the Group of the military conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine, together with the update reported in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group Interim 
Report as at 30 September 2024. 
 
With regard to the changes in the accounting regulations, considering the significance for the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group and, in particular, for the insurance companies, it is primarily noted 
that IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, published by the IASB in May 2017 and subject to 
subsequent amendments, endorsed with Regulation (EU) no. 2036/2021 of 19 November 
2021, is applicable from 1 January 2023, and has been applied for the purposes of preparing 
the Half-Yearly Report as at 30 June 2023 and for the purposes of preparing the 2023 Audited 
Financial Statements. Further, the consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, presented for comparison in 
2023, have been adjusted due to the application of the new rules required by IFRS 17 and 
IFRS 9. 
 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group’s insurance companies, please refer to the specific section “Effects of first 
time adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for the Group’s insurance companies” included in the 
2023 Audited Financial Statements. 
 
A summary of the endorsing Regulations in force since 2022 is provided below (for more 
details please refer to “Notes to the consolidated financial statements – Part A – Accounting 
policies” of the 2022 Annual Report and the 2023 Annual Report and to “Accounting Policies 
– General preparation principles” of the Half-Yearly Report as at 30 June 2024). 
 
Regulation endorsement in force since 1st January 2022: 
 
• 
Regulation (EU) no. 1080/2021 of 28 June 2021, which implements several narrow-
scope amendments, published by the IASB on 14 May 2020, to the international 
accounting standards IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment, IAS 37 Provisions, 
Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets and IFRS 3 Business Combinations. 
None of the amendments is particularly significant for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Regulation in question also endorses the Annual Improvements to IFRS 
Standards 2018-2020 Cycle. The Regulation introduces several changes and 
clarifications of little significance which, therefore, do not have significant impacts on 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
 
Regulation endorsement in force since 1st January 2023: 
 
• 
Regulation 357/2022 of 2 March 2022: this Regulation adopts several narrow-scope 
amendments and clarifications to support entities in applying materiality judgements 
in illustrating accounting policies (amendments to IAS 1) and distinguishing between 
accounting policies and estimates (amendments to IAS 8). Therefore, it does not have 
significant impacts on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, even though it could be a useful 
reference for analyses and for improving financial statement disclosure. 
 
• 
Regulation no. 1392/2022 of 11 August 2022: the European Commission adopted the 
amendment to IAS 12 Income Taxes “Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities 
Arising from a Single Transaction”, published by the IASB on 7 May 2021. The 
amendments clarify how companies have to account for deferred taxes on transactions

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
such as leases and decommissioning obligations and aim to reduce diversity in the 
reporting of deferred tax assets and liabilities on those transactions. These 
amendments don’t have significant impacts on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
 
• 
Regulation no. 2468/2023 of 8 November 2023: this Regulation amends IAS 12 
Income Taxes with respect to the international tax reform. The amendments 
introduced a mandatory temporary exception from accounting for deferred taxes 
arising from the implementation of the OECD’s Pillar Two model rules, as well as 
targeted disclosures for affected entities to be provided in interim and annual financial 
statements. 
 
Regulation endorsement in force since 1st January 2024: 
 
• 
Regulation no. 2579/2023 of 20 November 2023: this Regulation amends IFRS 16 
Leases with respect to lease liabilities in a sale and leaseback transaction, published 
by the IASB on 22 September 2022. The limited amendments introduced relate to the 
recognition of sale and leaseback transactions by the seller-lessee in the event of 
variable lease payments and when the transfer of the asset is a sale pursuant to IFRS 
15. The amendments are mandatory for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2024. These amendments are not particularly significant for the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group given the characteristics of its existing sale and leaseback 
agreements, which have no variable or insignificant variable payments.  
 
• 
Regulation no. 2822/2023 of 19 December 2023: this Regulation introduces some 
limited amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. The clarifications 
aim to promote consistency in applying IAS 1 across companies to determine 
whether, in the statement of financial position, payables and other liabilities with an 
uncertain settlement date are to be classified as current (due or potentially to be paid 
within one year) or non-current. Given the content of the amendment and the 
obligation to apply the formats set forth in Bank of Italy Circular no. 262/05, the 
proposed limited amendments to IAS 1 are not significant for banks. 
 
• 
Regulation no. 1317/2024 of 15 May 2024: this Regulation amends IAS 7 Statement 
of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments. The proposed amendments concern 
entities that enter into finance agreements in the role of purchasers, and not the 
financing entities. Therefore, the case has no direct effect for the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, which acts solely as a financier in supply finance arrangements. 
 
The 2024 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements, drawn up in euro as the functional 
currency, are prepared in condensed form as permitted by IAS 34, and contain the 
consolidated Balance sheet as at 30 June 2024, the consolidated Income statement, the 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income, the Changes in consolidated shareholders' 
equity, the consolidated Statement of cash flows for the six month period then ended and the 
explanatory notes. They are also complemented by information on significant events which 
occurred in the period, on the main risks and uncertainties to be faced in the remaining months 
of the year, as well as information on significant related party transactions. The amounts 
indicated in the financial statements and explanatory notes are expressed in millions of euro, 
unless otherwise specified. In addition to the amounts for the reporting period, the financial 
statements also indicate the corresponding comparison figures for the period ended 30 June 
2023 for the Income statement and as at 31 December 2023 for the Balance sheet. The 
Explanatory notes contain specific dedicated chapters that set out several detailed tables of the

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Income Statement and the Balance Sheet in the format established by Bank of Italy Circular 
262 on Notes to Annual Financial Statements, regarding the composition of the main financial 
statement captions concerning banking operations and insurance operations, these last tables 
drawn up in compliance with the disclosure tables set out by IVASS as required by the 8th 
update to Circular 262. 
 
As reported in the half-yearly financial information below as at and for the six months ended 
on 30 June 2024 and taking into account the updated information published in the Interim 
Statement at 30 September 2024, since the conditions pursuant to IFRS 5 have been met, the 
assets held for sale as at 30 September 2024 mainly include: (i) the investment in Cronos Vita 
Assicurazioni, in which Intesa Sanpaolo Vita holds a 22.5% interest, as part of the system-
wide transaction aimed at protecting the policyholders of Eurovita involving the five leading 
Italian insurance companies, for which there was a clear intention from the outset on the part 
of the shareholder companies to hold the investment for a limited period of time (already held 
for sale at the end of December 2023); (ii) properties, including those subject to transfer under 
the agreement between Intesa Sanpaolo and COIMA, signed by the parties on 19 April 2024, 
for a total value of around €0.5 billion, due to be completed in the first half of 2025; (iii) 
portfolios of non-performing loans totalling 0.5 billion euro gross (0.4 billion euro net) due to 
be sold to alternative investment funds that invest in credit exposures under a comprehensive 
project initiated in the second quarter of 2024 and completed in October 2024. With regard to 
the portfolio comprised of both unlikely-to-pay exposures and high-risk performing positions, 
for a gross book value of around €0.2 billion (0.1 billion euro net), which were classified 
among assets held for sale as at 31 December 2023, the sale of almost all of the exposures was 
finalised on 15 April 2024, with residual marginal exposures that will be sold in the final part 
of the year. 
 
The 2024 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are complemented by certification of 
the Managing Director – CEO and the Manager responsible for preparing the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's financial reports pursuant to Article 154-bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 
(Consolidated Law on Finance) and have been reviewed by the Independent Auditors EY 
S.p.A.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A.  
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET  
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 
 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2022 
presented according to the 8th update of the Bank of Italy Circular 262 and adjusted for the application 
of IFRS 9 - IFRS 17 by the Insurance Companies of the Group. As a result, these comparative figures 
have been identified as unaudited. 
 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Assets 
Audited 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Cash and cash equivalents ..........................................................................................................  
89,270 
112,924 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ....................................................  
144,594 
150,616 
a) financial assets held for trading .............................................................................................  
38,163 
42,607 
b) financial assets designated at fair value ................................................................................  
1 
1 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value .....................................................  
106,430 
108,008 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ...........................  
140,753 
119,508 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ...............................................................................  
518,950 
528,081 
a) due from banks.......................................................................................................................  
32,899 
32,884 
b) loans to customers .................................................................................................................  
486,051 
495,197 
Hedging derivatives ...................................................................................................................  
7,006 
10,075 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) .................................................  
-5,695 
-9,752 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ..............................................  
2,501 
2,013 
Insurance assets ..........................................................................................................................  
813 
151 
a) insurance contracts issued that are assets .............................................................................  
412 
18 
b) reinsurance contracts held that are assets .............................................................................  
401 
133 
Property and equipment .............................................................................................................  
9,825 
10,505 
Intangible assets .........................................................................................................................  
9,524 
9,237 
of which: ....................................................................................................................................  
 
 
- goodwill ...................................................................................................................................  
3,672 
3,626 
Tax assets ...................................................................................................................................  
14,533 
18,130 
a) current ...................................................................................................................................  
1,932 
3,520 
b) deferred .................................................................................................................................  
12,601 
14,610 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations ....................................................  
264 
638 
Other assets ................................................................................................................................  
31,232 
22,461 
Total Assets ...............................................................................................................................  
963,570 
974,587

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A.  
 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET  
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 
 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2022 
presented according to the 8th update of the Bank of Italy Circular 262 and adjusted for the application 
of IFRS 9 - IFRS 17 by the Insurance Companies of the Group. As a result, these comparative figures 
have been identified as unaudited. 
 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
Audited 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ......................................................................... 
642,119 
670,127 
a) due to banks ........................................................................................................................... 
93,242 
138,132 
b) due to customers .................................................................................................................... 
440,449 
454,595 
c) securities issued ..................................................................................................................... 
108,428 
77,400 
Financial liabilities held for trading ........................................................................................... 
43,493 
46,512 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value ............................................................................... 
72,782 
63,007 
Hedging derivatives ................................................................................................................... 
5,188 
5,517 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) ............................................ 
-3,967 
-8,031 
Tax liabilities ............................................................................................................................. 
1,946 
2,021 
a) current ................................................................................................................................... 
458 
303 
b) deferred ................................................................................................................................. 
1,488 
1,718 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations ........... 
2 
15 
Other liabilities .......................................................................................................................... 
12,741 
10,763 
Employee termination indemnities ............................................................................................. 
767 
852 
Allowances for risks and charges ............................................................................................... 
4,523 
4,960 
a) commitments and guarantees given ....................................................................................... 
524 
711 
b) post-employment benefits ....................................................................................................... 
98 
139 
c) other allowances for risks and charges .................................................................................. 
3,901 
4,110 
Insurance liabilities .................................................................................................................... 
119,849 
117,575 
a) insurance contracts issued that are liabilities......................................................................... 
119,674 
117,561 
b) reinsurance contracts held that are liabilities ........................................................................ 
175 
14 
Valuation reserves ...................................................................................................................... 
-2,009 
-2,458 
Redeemable shares ..................................................................................................................... 
- 
- 
Equity instruments ..................................................................................................................... 
7,948 
7,211 
Reserves ..................................................................................................................................... 
14,697 
15,073 
Interim dividend (-) .................................................................................................................... 
-2,629 
-1,400 
Share premium reserve ............................................................................................................... 
28,003 
28,053 
Share capital ............................................................................................................................... 
10,369 
10,369 
Treasury shares (-) ..................................................................................................................... 
-140 
-124 
Minority interests (+/-) ............................................................................................................... 
164 
166 
Net income (loss) (+/-) ............................................................................................................... 
7,724 
4,379 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity ............................................................................ 
963,570 
974,587

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF INCOME  
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 
2022 presented according to the 8th update of the Bank of Italy Circular 262 and adjusted for the 
application of IFRS 9 - IFRS 17 by the Insurance Companies of the Group. As a result, these 
comparative figures have been identified as unaudited.  
 
31.12.2023 
Audited 
31.12.2022 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Interest and similar income ...........................................................................................................  
32,525 
15,709 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method ...............................  
28,482 
15,185 
Interest and similar expense ..........................................................................................................  
-15,589 
-3,874 
Interest margin ............................................................................................................................  
16,936 
11,835 
Fee and commission income .........................................................................................................  
10,528 
10,925 
Fee and commission expense ........................................................................................................  
-2,727 
-2,552 
Net fee and commission income .................................................................................................  
7,801 
8,373 
Dividend and similar income ........................................................................................................  
660 
645 
Profits (Losses) on trading ............................................................................................................  
513 
36 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting ..................................................................................  
-59 
33 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: ...............................................................................  
-467 
-474 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost .............................................................................  
-58 
167 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income..........................  
-445 
-669 
c) financial liabilities ....................................................................................................................  
36 
28 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  
2,367 
-5,443 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value .............................................................  
-3,619 
5,866 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value ........................................................  
5,986 
-11,309 
Net interest and other banking income ......................................................................................  
27,751 
15,005 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risk associated with: ....................................................................  
-1,416 
-2,636 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost .............................................................................  
-1,359 
-2,579 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income..........................  
-57 
-57 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition ....................................................  
-29 
-5 
Net income from banking activities ...........................................................................................  
26,306 
12,364 
Insurance service result .................................................................................................................  
2,038 
1,961 
a) insurance revenue arising from insurance contracts issued......................................................  
3,118 
3,195 
b) insurance service expenses arising from insurance contracts issued ........................................  
-1,090 
-1,206 
c) insurance revenue arising from reinsurance contracts held......................................................  
177 
138 
d) insurance service expenses arising from reinsurance contracts held ........................................  
-167 
-166 
Balance of financial income and expenses related to insurance operations ...................................  
-5,318 
3,691 
a) net financial expenses/revenue related to insurance contracts issued .......................................  
-5,319 
3,691 
b) net financial expenses/revenue related to reinsurance contracts held ......................................  
1 
- 
Net income from banking and insurance activities ...................................................................  
23,026 
18,016 
Administrative expenses: ..............................................................................................................  
-11,505 
-11,058 
a) personnel expenses ...................................................................................................................  
-6,781 
-6,455 
b) other administrative expenses ...................................................................................................  
-4,724 
-4,603 
Net provisions for risks and charges .............................................................................................  
-326 
-469 
a) commitments and guarantees given ..........................................................................................  
50 
-209 
b) other net provisions ..................................................................................................................  
-376 
-260 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment ..........................................................  
-684 
-681 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets ......................................................................  
-973 
-869 
Other operating expenses (income) ...............................................................................................  
910 
934 
Operating expenses .....................................................................................................................  
-12,578 
-12,143 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ...................  
163 
232 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets measured at fair value .........  
-33 
-46 
Goodwill impairment ....................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments...................................................................................  
168 
16 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations ..............................................................  
10,746 
6,075 
Taxes on income from continuing operations................................................................................  
-2,994 
-1,673 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations ................................................................  
7,752 
4,402 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations ..................................................................  
- 
- 
Net income (loss) .........................................................................................................................  
7,752 
4,402 
Minority interests ..........................................................................................................................  
-28 
-23

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
31.12.2023 
Audited 
31.12.2022 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Parent Company's net income (loss) ..........................................................................................  
7,724 
4,379 
Basic EPS – Euro ........................................................................................................................  
0.42 
0.23 
Diluted EPS – Euro .....................................................................................................................  
0.42 
0.23

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30 JUNE 2024 
 
The half-yearly information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2023. 
Assets 
30.06.2024 
Unaudited 
31.12.2023 
Audited 
 
 
(in millions of €) 
10. 
Cash and cash equivalents .......................................................................................  
55,500 
89,270 
20. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ..................................  
144,792 
144,594 
a) financial assets held for trading ..........................................................................  
37,743 
38,163 
b) financial assets designated at fair value ..............................................................  
6 
1 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value ..................................  
107,043 
106,430 
30. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ........  
147,084 
140,753 
40. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ............................................................  
514,168 
518,950 
a) due from banks ....................................................................................................  
35,201 
32,899 
b) loans to customers ...............................................................................................  
478,967 
486,051 
50. 
Hedging derivatives .................................................................................................  
7,406 
7,006 
60. 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) ...............................  
-6,783 
-5,695 
70. 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ............................  
2,626 
2,501 
80. 
Insurance assets .......................................................................................................  
658 
813 
a) insurance contracts issued that are assets ...........................................................  
439 
412 
b) reinsurance contracts held that are assets ..........................................................  
219 
401 
90. 
Property and equipment ...........................................................................................  
9,131 
9,825 
100. 
Intangible assets ......................................................................................................  
9,465 
9,524 
of which: ..................................................................................................................  
- goodwill ................................................................................................................  
3,663 
3,672 
110. 
Tax assets ................................................................................................................  
14,094 
14,533 
a) current.................................................................................................................  
2,297 
1,932 
b) deferred ...............................................................................................................  
11,797 
12,601 
120. 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations ..................................  
1,139 
264 
130. 
Other assets .............................................................................................................  
35,142 
31,232 
Total assets ..........................................................................................................................  
934,422 
963,570

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30 JUNE 2024 
The half-yearly information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2023. 
 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
30.06.2024 
Unaudited 
31.12.2023 
Audited 
 
 
(in millions of €) 
10. 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ....................................................... 
608,512 
642,119 
 
a) due to banks ......................................................................................................... 
48,885 
93,242 
 
b) due to customers .................................................................................................. 
445,467 
440,449 
 
c) securities issued ................................................................................................... 
114,160 
108,428 
20. 
Financial liabilities held for trading ......................................................................... 
45,088 
43,493 
30. 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value ............................................................. 
74,089 
72,782 
40. 
Hedging derivatives ................................................................................................. 
4,058 
5,188 
50. 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) .......................... 
-5,234 
-3,967 
60. 
Tax liabilities ........................................................................................................... 
2,699 
1,946 
 
a) current ................................................................................................................. 
506 
458 
 
b) deferred ............................................................................................................... 
2,193 
1,488 
70. 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and discontinued 
operations ................................................................................................................. 
17 
2 
80. 
Other liabilities ........................................................................................................ 
15,598 
12,741 
90. 
Employee termination indemnities ........................................................................... 
733 
767 
100. 
Allowances for risks and charges ............................................................................. 
3,786 
4,523 
 
a) commitments and guarantees given ..................................................................... 
495 
524 
 
b) post-employment benefits ..................................................................................... 
92 
98 
 
c) other allowances for risks and charges ................................................................ 
3,199 
3,901 
110. 
Insurance liabilities .................................................................................................. 
119,676 
119,849 
 
a) insurance contracts issued that are liabilities ...................................................... 
119,659 
119,674 
 
b) reinsurance contracts held that are liabilities...................................................... 
17 
175 
120. 
Valuation reserves .................................................................................................... 
-2,445 
-2,009 
130. 
Redeemable shares ................................................................................................... 
- 
- 
140. 
Equity instruments ................................................................................................... 
8,652 
7,948 
150. 
Reserves ................................................................................................................... 
17,076 
14,697 
155. 
Interim dividend (-) .................................................................................................. 
- 
-2,629 
160. 
Share premium reserve ............................................................................................. 
27,601 
28,003 
170. 
Share capital ............................................................................................................. 
10,369 
10,369 
180. 
Treasury shares (-) ................................................................................................... 
-744 
-140 
190. 
Minority interests (+/-) ............................................................................................. 
125 
164 
200. 
Net income (loss) (+/-) ............................................................................................. 
4,766 
7,724 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity ...........................................................................  
934,422 
963,570

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024  
The half-yearly financial information below includes comparative figures for the six months ended 30 June 
2023

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
30.06.2024 
Unaudited 
30.06.2023 
Unaudited 
 
 
(in millions of €) 
10. 
Interest and similar income ......................................................................... 
17,974 
14,562 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method
 ................................................................................................................. 
15,175 
13,031 
20. 
Interest and similar expense ........................................................................ 
-8,855 
-6,630 
30. 
Interest margin .......................................................................................... 
9,119 
7,932 
40. 
Fee and commission income........................................................................ 
5,580 
5,306 
50. 
Fee and commission expense ...................................................................... 
-1,332 
-1,366 
60. 
Net fee and commission income ................................................................ 
4,248 
3,940 
70. 
Dividend and similar income ....................................................................... 
436 
359 
80. 
Profits (Losses) on trading ........................................................................... 
20 
69 
90. 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting ................................................ 
-5 
-57 
100. 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: ............................................. 
105 
-97 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost............................................ 
81 
72 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ..................................................................................................... 
20 
-187 
c) financial liabilities................................................................................... 
4 
18 
110. 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss ...................................................................... 
1,387 
1,630 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value ........................... 
-2,850 
-2,281 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value ...................... 
4,237 
3,911 
120. 
Net interest and other banking income .................................................... 
15,310 
13,776 
130. 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risk associated with: ................................... 
-573 
-725 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost............................................ 
-593 
-669 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ..................................................................................................... 
20 
-56 
140. 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition .................. 
-7 
3 
150. 
Net income from banking activities .......................................................... 
14,730 
13,054 
160. 
Insurance service result ............................................................................... 
854 
1,064 
a) insurance revenue arising from insurance contracts issued .................... 
1,569 
1,518 
b) insurance service expenses arising from insurance contracts issued ...... 
-686 
-458 
c) insurance revenue arising from reinsurance contracts held .................... 
62 
73 
d) insurance service expenses arising from reinsurance contracts held ...... 
-91 
-69 
170. 
Balance of financial income and expenses related to insurance operations . 
-2,828 
-2,648 
a) net financial expenses/revenue related to insurance contracts issued ..... 
-2,827 
-2,652 
b) net financial expenses/revenue related to reinsurance contracts held ..... 
-1 
4 
180. 
Net income from banking and insurance activities ................................. 
12,756 
11,470 
190. 
Administrative expenses:............................................................................. 
-5,341 
-5,256 
a) personnel expenses .................................................................................. 
-3,090 
-3,067 
b) other administrative expenses ................................................................. 
-2,251 
-2,189 
200. 
Net provisions for risks and charges ............................................................ 
-209 
-130 
a) commitments and guarantees given ......................................................... 
31 
32 
b) other net provisions ................................................................................. 
-240 
-162 
210. 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment ........................ 
-317 
-336 
220. 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets .................................... 
-499 
-451 
230. 
Other operating expenses (income) ............................................................. 
423 
462 
240. 
Operating expenses.................................................................................... 
-5,943 
-5,711 
250. 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to joint 
control ...................................................................................................... 
93 
194 
260. 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets 
measured at fair value .............................................................................. 
2 
-22 
270. 
Goodwill impairment .................................................................................. 
- 
- 
280. 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments ................................................. 
- 
160 
290. 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations ............................ 
6,908 
6,091 
300. 
Taxes on income from continuing operations .............................................. 
-2,130 
-1,846 
310. 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations ............................... 
4,778 
4,245 
320. 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations ................................. 
- 
- 
330. 
Net income (loss) ........................................................................................ 
4,778 
4,245 
340. 
Minority interests ........................................................................................ 
-12 
-23 
350. 
Parent Company's net income (loss) ........................................................ 
4,766 
4,222 
Basic EPS - Euro ......................................................................................... 
0.26 
0.23 
Diluted EPS - Euro ...................................................................................... 
0.26 
0.23

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
 
Changes in regulatory framework  
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of 
Italy, the CONSOB, the ECB and the European System of Central Banks and is also subject to 
the authority of the Single Resolution Board (SRB). Certain entities within the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group are also subject to supervision by the Italian Institute for the Supervision of 
Insurance and Intesa Sanpaolo is also subject to rules applicable to it as an issuer of shares 
listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. The banking laws to which the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is 
subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the 
safety and soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing 
and selling practices. New acts of legislation and regulations may be introduced in Italy and 
the European Union that may affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, including proposed regulatory 
initiatives that could significantly alter the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of 
measures consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee).   
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the 
regulatory framework being implemented at the European Union level, the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group has in place specific procedures and internal policies to monitor, among other things, 
liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and detection of money laundering, 
privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration 
and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be 
no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s results of operations, business and financial condition. In addition, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been recently 
approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being 
developed. 
The CRD IV Package 
The Basel III framework began to be implemented in the EU from 1 January 2014 through 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms (the “CRD IV”) and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms (the “CRR” and together with the CRD IV, the “CRD IV 
Package”), Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2016/313. The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (“CRD V") 
and, recently, by CRD VI and CRR III (both as defined below). Unless otherwise stated in this 
Base Prospectus, any reference to CRD shall be read as referencing to CRD IV, as 
subsequently amended and reinstated, and any reference to CRR, shall be read as referencing 
to CRR as subsequently amended and reinstated from time to time.. 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in 
over a period of time (the requirements were largely fully effective by 2019 and some minor 
transitional provisions provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
implementation of the EU Banking Reform Package (as defined below) are provided in the 
paragraph “Revisions to the CRD IV Package” below. 
The provisions of the CRR are supplemented, in Luxembourg, by the CSSF Regulation N°18-
03 on the implementation of certain discretions contained in the CRR and implementing 
Guideline (EU) 2017/697 of the ECB of 4 April 2017 on the exercise of options and 
discretions available in Union law by national competent authorities in relation to less 
significant institutions and by technical regulatory and execution rules relating to the CRD IV 
and the CRR published through delegated regulations of the European Commission and 
guidelines of the EBA. The CRD IV was implemented in Luxembourg by the Luxembourg act 
of 23 July 2015 amending, among others, the Luxembourg law of 5 April 1993 on the 
financial sector, as amended (the Banking Act 1993). The CSSF has supplemented the 
Banking Act 1993 by adopting certain regulations. 
The provisions of the CRR are supplemented in Ireland by the European Union (Capital 
Requirements) (No. 2) Regulations 2014 of Ireland with respect to technical requirements and 
offences in order that the CRR can effectively operate in Irish law. The CRD IV was 
transposed into Irish law by the European Union (Capital Requirements) Regulations 2014 of 
Ireland. The CRR and CRD IV are also supplemented in Ireland by the document published 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in 2014 entitled "Implementation of Competent Authority 
Discretions and Options in CRD IV and CRR" (with respect to implementation in Ireland of 
certain discretions and options available to Member States under the CRD IV Package) and by 
technical rules relating to the CRD IV and the CRR published through delegated regulations 
of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 
(Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the “Circular No. 285”) which 
came into force on 1 January 2014, and has been amended over time in order to implement, 
inter alia, the CRD IV Package, as amended by the EU Banking Reform Package (as defined 
below), and set out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised at EU 
level. Circular No. 285 has been constantly updated after its first issue, the last update being 
the 43rd update published on 5 December 2023. The CRD IV Package, as amended by the EU 
Banking Reform Package (as defined below), has also been supplemented in Italy by technical 
standards and guidelines relating to the CRD IV and the CRR finalized by the European 
Supervisory Authorities (ESAs), mainly the EBA and ESMA, and delegated regulations of the 
European Commission and guidelines of the EBA which can be either of direct application 
under Italian law or built into the Bank of Italy’s supervisory guidance as the case may be. 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions are required at all times to satisfy the 
following own funds requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital ratio of 
4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6%; (iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8% and; (iv) a leverage 
ratio of 3%. According to Articles from 129 to 134 of CRD IV, these minimum ratios are 
complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 capital, reported below: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 
129 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285); 
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer (“CCyB”): set by the relevant competent authority 
between 0% - 2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home 
Member State, other Member States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 
% where the competent authority considers that the conditions in the Member State 
justify this), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 and applying temporarily in 
the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit growth excessive 
(pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III of

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the CCyB 
(relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for the fourth quarter of 
2024; 
• 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”): set as an 
"additional loss absorbency" buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which 
the globally systemically important institutions ("G-SIIs") are divided into. The lowest 
sub-category shall be assigned a G-SII buffer of 1 % of the total risk exposure amount 
calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR and the buffer assigned to each 
sub-category shall increase in gradients of at least 0,5 % of the total risk exposure 
amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR. G-SIBs is determined 
according to specific indicators (size, interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the 
services provided, global cross border activity and complexity); and being phased in 
from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, 
Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285), became fully effective on 1 January 2019. 
Based on the most recently updated list of G-SIIs published by the Financial Stability 
Board (“FSB”), neither the Issuer (nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) is a 
G-SIB and therefore they do not need to comply with a G-SIB capital buffer 
requirement (or leverage ratio buffer); and 
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level (O-SIIs): (the 
category to which Intesa Sanpaolo currently belongs): up to 3.0% as set by the relevant 
competent authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that 
such banks represent to the financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and 
Title II, Chapter 1, Section IV of Circular No. 285). Recently, the Bank of Italy 
identified Intesa Sanpaolo Group as an O-SII authorised to operate in Italy in 2024 and 
has imposed on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group a capital buffer for O-SII of 1.25%, to be 
applied from 1st January 2024. The same O-SII buffer (i.e. 1.25%) would also apply 
from 1st January 2025. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV each Member 
State may introduce a systemic risk buffer in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-
cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks not covered by the CRD IV Package.  
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 was 
amended in order to provide, inter alia, the introduction of: 
• 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer (SyRB) for 
banks and banking groups authorised in Italy. In particular, the requirement to 
maintain a systemic risk buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent and 
mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered with the macro-
prudential instruments provided for by the CRR, the anti-cyclical capital buffer and 
the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic risk can be 
applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more 
subsets of banks with similar risk profiles; and 
• 
some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans 
(so-called "borrower-based measures"). Specifically, these are measures that are not 
harmonised at European level, which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving 
from developments in the real estate market and from high or rising levels of 
household and non-financial corporate debt.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
The Bank of Italy exercised its authority to introduce a SyRB on 26 April 2024. The Bank of 
Italy has decided to apply to all licensed banks in Italy a SyRB equal to 1.0 per cent. of credit 
and counterparty risk-weighted exposures to residents in Italy. The target rate of 1.0 percent is 
to be achieved gradually by building up a reserve equal to 0.5 percent of material exposures 
by 31 December 2024, and the remaining 0.5 percent per cent. by 30 June 2025. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular 285 was amended in order to 
align its provisions with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD V Directive. In particular, the 
amendments introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular 285 provide, inter alia, 
the introduction of: 
• 
a clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary 
perspective and the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which 
supervisory authorities may require banks to hold; and 
• 
the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence 
of excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and 
Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio). 
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above (the 
“Combined Buffer Requirement”) may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to 
the so-called Maximum Distributable Amounts (“MDA”) and the need for the bank to adopt a 
capital conservation plan and/or take remedial action (Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV).A 
further rule introduced by the CRR II, applicable in respect of liabilities issued before 27 June 
2019, allows for the “grandfathering” of instruments as, respectively, Additional Tier 1 
instruments, Tier 2 instruments and eligible liabilities, even if they do not fully comply with 
certain requirements of the CRR II. This treatment is available until 28 June 2025 at the latest. 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the “LCR”). This is a 
stress liquidity measure based on modelled 30-day outflows. Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity 
coverage requirement for credit institutions (the “LCR Delegated Act”) was adopted in 
October 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015. 
On 20 May 2022, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official 
Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and applied 
as of July 2022. Most of these amendments were introduced to better allow the credit 
institutions issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity coverage 
requirement for a 30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool 
liquidity buffer requirement, as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (“Covered Bond Directive”).  
The Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) is part of the Basel III framework and aims to 
promote resilience over a longer time horizon (1 year) by creating incentives for banks to fund 
their activities with more stable sources of funding on an on-going basis. The NSFR were 
introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and is applicable from June 
2021.   
Revisions to the CRD IV Package  
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of 
reforms to further strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the “EU 
Banking Reform Package”). The EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing 
provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (as such terms 
are defined below). These proposals were agreed by the European Parliament, the Council of

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
the EU and the European Commission and were published in the Official Journal of the EU on 
7 June 2019, entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions are 
applicable as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the new provisions.  
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(a) revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk;  
(b) changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting 
requirement, pending the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as 
defined below) published in January 2019 by the BCBS and then the application of own 
funds requirements as of 1 January 2023; 
(c) a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a 
backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution’s Tier 1 
capital;  
(d) a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to 
finance their long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources 
of funding (liabilities) in order to increase banks’ resilience to funding constraints). This 
means that the amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an 
institution’s liabilities and regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their 
degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a 
minimum level of 100%, indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to 
meet its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed 
conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at individual and a consolidated level 
starting from 28 June 2021, unless competent authorities waive the application of the 
NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the date of entry into force of the EU 
Banking Reform Package; 
(e) changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(f) improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure 
projects.  
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the “EU Banking Reform Package” regarding 
the banking sector have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, 
together with the amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as 
regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures 
to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, 
and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments proposed better align the current 
regulatory framework to international developments in order to promote consistency and 
comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 
June 2021, excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or 
subsequent), b) the CRD V and BRRD 2 were to be implemented into national law by 28 
December 2020 excluding some provisions entered into force subsequently.  
On 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021, implementing the 
BRRD 2, was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 2021.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) 
concluded the review process of the models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk 
and market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on 
the use of internal models and introducing the so-called “output floor” (setting a minimum 
level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully 
implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). 
The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. The new 
framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new 
framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. Basel III and 
Basel IV (as defined below) should be fully implemented with the reform package proposed 
by the European Commission in October 2021.  
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a legislative proposal to amend 
CRD IV and CRR II (the "2021 Banking Reform Package"). In particular, the 2021 Banking 
Reform Package aims at implementing in the EU the 2017 Basel Accord and further elements 
not included in such international framework contributing to financial stability and to the 
steady financing of the economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. On 19 
June 2024, Directive (EU) 1619/2024 of the European Parliament and Council of 31 May 
2024 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country 
branches, and environmental, social and governance risks ("CRD VI") and Regulation (EU) 
1623/2024 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards requirements for credit risks, credit valuation 
adjustment risk, operational risk and the output floor ("CRR III") were published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union and entered into force on 9 July 2024. Save for certain 
exemptions, most of the provisions set forth in CRR III will apply from 1st January 2025, 
while the domestic acts and regulations enacted by the Member States to implement the 
changes brought by CRD VI shall become effective on 11 January 2026. The date of the 
application of the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) framework has been 
postponed to 1st January 2026 in accordance with Commission delegated regulation 
2024/2795).   
The main changes CRD VI and CRR III are about to introduce relate to: 
(i) 
The introduction of the output floor to reduce the excessive variability of banks’ 
capital requirements calculated with internal models. Notably, the output floor works 
as a lower limit (“floor”) on the capital requirements (“output”) that banks calculate 
when using their internal models. The output floor aims at enhancing the confidence in 
risk-based capital requirements and to improve the solidity of banks that make use of 
internal models, making capital requirements more comparable cross banks.  
(ii) 
Implementation of the Basel III agreement to strengthen Union banks’ resilience face 
at the main risk areas (credit risk; market risk; and operational risk).  
(iii) 
Environmental, Social and Governance risks (ESG). Under the newly introduced 
banking package, banks would need to draw up transition plans under the prudential 
framework that will need to be consistent with the sustainability commitments banks 
undertake under other pieces of Union laws, such as the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive. Competent authorities will oversee how banks handle ESG risks 
and include ESG considerations in the context of the annual supervisory examination 
review (i.e. SREP); and 
(iv) 
Strengthened supervision. The supervisory powers and tools have been increased and 
further harmonized. Notably, supervisors will be given more powers to check if

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
certain transactions (e.g. large acquisitions) undertaken by banks are sound and do not 
entail excessive risks for banks;  
(v) 
Clear rules for third country banks operating in the European Union. The CRD VI will 
introduce minimum harmonizing conditions for on the establishment of third-country 
banks in the EU.  
Once CRD VI and CRR III are fully implemented and transposed in the European Union, the 
regulatory changes brought by these pieces of legislation will impact the entire banking 
system and consequently could determine changes in the capital calculation and increase 
capital requirements, which as at the date of this Base Prospectus cannot be entirely foreseen. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the 
Basel III framework on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in 
parallel with the BCBS (the "Basel III Monitoring Exercise"). This exercise assesses the 
impact of the latest regulatory developments at BCBS level in the following area: (a) global 
regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems; (b) the Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the leverage ratio framework and 
disclosure requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) 
Tier 1 capital shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the 
capital amount that banks need to fulfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to the EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373 concerning information required for 
the monitoring of Basel supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021, as 
subsequently amended, (“EBA Decision”), the Basel III Monitoring Exercise is mandatory, 
on an annual basis, for a representative set of EU and EEA credit institutions identified by the 
relevant competent authorities. 
On 4 October 2024, the EBA published its third mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which 
assesses the impact that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2033. 
According to this assessment, the full Basel III implementation would result in an average 
increase of 7.8% at the full implementation date in 2033 of the current Tier 1 minimum 
required capital. The main contributing factors are the output floor and the operational risk. 
Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks would need EUR 0.9 billion of additional 
Tier 1 capital.On 4 May 2020, the EBA published its final draft technical standards on 
specific reporting requirements for market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the 
provisions of the CRR II. 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (ITS) introduced uniform reporting 
templates, the template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the 
definitions and the IT solutions for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce 
the first elements of the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU 
prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. Based on the ITS submitted by the 
EBA, the European Commission adopted the Implementing Regulation no. 2021/453/EU of 
15 March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. 
On July 24, 2024, the European Commission adopted the delegated act designed to postpone 
the application of the new FRTB (Fundamental Review of the Trading Book) framework for

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
the capital requirement to January 1, 2026. Subsequently, on August 12, 2024, the EBA 
published a No-Action Letter and included in the document "EBA considerations on the 
postponement of the application of the FRTB in the EU" some considerations on technical and 
implementation issues arising from the delay, which are considered essential for achieving a 
harmonized implementation of the market risk framework. The delegated act was published in 
the EU Official Journal on October 31 and it will be applicable starting from January 1, 2025, 
with the entry into force of CRR3, and it will postpone the new FRTB framework to 2026. 
As a final note, on 18 January 2024, the EBA launched a public consultation on draft 
Guidelines on the management of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks. The 
draft Guidelines set out requirements for institutions for the identification, measurement, 
management and monitoring of ESG risks, including through plans aimed at addressing the 
risks arising from the transition towards an EU climate-neutral economy. The consultation ran 
until April 2024 but, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no Final Report has been published 
yet. 
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector   
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel 
IV and the EU Banking Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of 
finalisation, which represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have 
the potential to impact the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's business and operations. These initiatives 
include, amongst others, a revised EU securitisation framework. On 12 December 2017, the 
European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the "Securitisation 
Regulation") which entered into force in January 2019, while a number of underlying 
regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the EBA and ESMA are being 
adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes to the existing securitisation 
framework in relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due diligence 
requirements, the introduction of an adverse selection test for certain assets and a new 
framework for so-called "simple transparent and standardised securitisations" which will 
receive preferential capital treatment subject to a number of conditions. 
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") published its final Total Loss-
Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs maintain 
significant minimum amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or 
structurally) to liabilities excluded from TLAC, such as guaranteed insured deposits, 
derivatives, etc. and which forms a new standard for G-SIBs. The TLAC Principles and Term 
Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of G-SIBs in 
resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in the form of an 
internationally agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum 
TLAC requirement for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) 
and 18% of RWA (as of 1 January 2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio 
requirement (as of 1 January 2019), and 6.75 % (as of 1 January 2022). Liabilities that are 
eligible for TLAC include capital instruments and instruments that are contractually, 
statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain "excluded liabilities" (including insured 
deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down or converted into equity by 
relevant authorities) in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of compensation 
claims or successful legal challenges. 
With a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking 
Reform Package and the BRRD II introduce minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities ("MREL"), which apply to EU credit institutions, including G-SIIs (global 
systematically important institutions). Consistent with the TLAC standard, MREL 
requirements allow resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
that G-SIIs comply with a supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the 
resolvability analysis of a given G-SII. Based on the most recently updated list of G-SIIs 
published by the FSB on 27 November 2023, neither the relevant Issuer nor any member of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has been identified as a G-SIB in the 2023. 
The BRRD II includes important changes as it introduces a new category of banks, the so-
called top-tier banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs but are part 
of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion. ISP is a top-tier bank for this 
purpose. At the same time, the BRRD II introduces a minimum harmonised MREL 
requirement (also referred to as a "Pillar 1 MREL requirement") which applies to G-SIIs 
and top-tier banks. In addition, resolution authorities will be able, on the basis of bank-
specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top- tier banks comply with a supplementary 
MREL requirement (a "Pillar 2 MREL requirement"). A subordination requirement is also 
generally required for MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD II, but exceptions apply. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on 
TLAC, the BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to 
comply with its MREL requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with 
CET1 Capital that would otherwise be counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer 
requirement. However, under certain circumstances, BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace 
period before restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders of regulatory capital 
instruments senior management of the bank and employees take effect due to a breach of the 
combined capital buffer requirement. Delegated regulation 2021/763 (EU), applicable since 
28 June 2021, lays down implementing technical standards for the application of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council and Directive 2014/59/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to the supervisory reporting and 
public disclosure of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities.  
On 12 March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds 
(the On 12 March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered 
bonds (the "CB Directive Proposal") laying down the conditions that these bonds have to 
respect in order to be recognised under EU law and a proposal for amendments to art. 129 of 
the CRR, concerning the prudential treatment of covered bonds. The CB Directive Proposal 
together with amendments to art 129 of the CRR have been approved and published in the 
Official Journal on 18 December 2019. Member States have an 18 month period to implement 
the directive. The CB Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of 
Legislative Decree 5 November 2021, No. 190 which modified Law 30 April 1999, No.130 
and entered into force on 1 December 2021. 
With reference to the rececent amendments and updates to the regulatory framework relating 
to Covered Bonds, please refer to “Covered Bonds Legislative Package” below. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) 
No. 1024/2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions (the “SSM Regulation”) for the establishment of 
a single supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory Mechanism” or “SSM”). The 
SSM Regulation provides the ECB, in conjunction with the national competent authorities of 
the Eurozone and participating Member States, with direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in those Member States. "Banks of significant importance" 
include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 
billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets 
over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct 
assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism 
and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established 
banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border 
assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised 
entity and a significant supervised group pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation 
(EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 (the “SSM Framework Regulation”) and, 
as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of Intesa 
Sanpaolo and its subsidiaries, for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as 
consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of 
third country banks. The ECB is exclusively responsible for the prudential supervision of 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw 
authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; (iii) ensure compliance with all 
prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, 
higher prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by 
EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal capital 
adequacy assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability 
of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may 
exercise options and discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive  
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) 
(the “BRRD”) entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a 
credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an institution that is failing 
or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy 
and financial system. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be 
used alone (except for the asset separation tool) or in combination where the relevant 
resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of 
such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public 
interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm 
or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge 
institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) 
asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more 
publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together 
with another resolution tool only) and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the 
power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other 
instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to 
acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in 
shares or other instruments of ownership) (the “general bail-in tool”). Such shares or other 
instruments of ownership could also be subject to any exercise of such powers by a resolution 
authority under the BRRD.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have 
the further power to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of 
ownership at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (“non-
viability loss absorption”). The point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which 
the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution (but 
no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or its group will no longer be 
viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written down/converted or extraordinary 
public support is to be provided.  
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt 
instruments issued by an institution under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable 
under such instruments, the date on which the interest becomes payable (including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the termination rights of holders of 
such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after having assessed and 
exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. Resolution authorities may provide public equity 
support to an institution and/or take the institution into public ownership. Such measures must 
be taken in accordance with the EU state aid framework and will require a contribution to loss 
absorption from shareholders and creditors via write-down, conversion or otherwise, in an 
amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary 
public support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State 
guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ 
conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in 
the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU 
state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders contribute to the costs of 
restructuring. 
The SRM provides for the setting up of a Single Resolution Fund in the relevant Member 
State (the “SRF” or the “Fund”), established under the control of the SRB, as of 1 January 
2016 in which the national resolution funds had been pooled together. The SRF is intended to 
ensure the availability of funding support while a bank is resolved and will contribute to 
resolution if, and only after, at least 8% of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the 
bank have been subject to bail-in. The SRF is expected to reach a target of around €80 billion 
(the basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the 
Eurozone). Once this target level is reached, in principle, institutions will have to contribute 
only if the resources of the SRF are used up in order to deal with resolution action taken by 
the relevant authorities. In February 2024, the SRB announced that the financial means 
available in the SRF at 31 December 2023 represented €78 billion and therefore reached the 
target level of at least 1% of covered deposits held in the Member States participating in the 
SRM. As such, no regular annual contributions are being collected in 2024 from the 
institutions in scope of the SRF, including the Issuer. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by 
the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, 
the BRRD Decrees), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which 
implements the provisions of BRRD relating to resolution actions, while Legislative Decree 
No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Law (Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended) and deals principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes 
to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Decrees entered into force on 16 November, 2015, save

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
that: (i) the bail-in tool applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a "depositor preference" granted 
for deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of 
individuals and SME's applied from 1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, 
resolution authorities may not exercise the bail-in powers in relation to secured liabilities, 
including covered bonds or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these 
powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds 
and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or 
collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu 
ranking liabilities may be treated unequally.  
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in 
Article 44(2)(g) of the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security 
contributions or to employees benefit from privilege under Italian law and as such are 
preferred to ordinary senior unsecured creditors in the context of liquidation proceedings. 
Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency 
regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises 
in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant 
to the BRRD have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the 
ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. In addition, 
the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national 
insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher 
than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has 
amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms 
to resolution as well as compulsory liquidation procedures by providing that, as from 1 
January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and 
excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will benefit from a preference in respect of senior 
unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for 
individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 
October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission agreed on 
elements of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the was amended 
by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and publish relevant 
laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the amendment to 
the creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new class of so-called 
"senior non-preferred debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending 
BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, 
the Directive has been implemented with the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the 
statutory rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect 
prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. The 
powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
The BRRD also established that institutions shall meet, at all times, their MREL requirement. 
Under Article 45 of the BRRD, MREL is to be calculated as the amount of own funds and 
eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution 
or based on the leverage ratio exposure measure, according to Article 429 and 429a of the 
CRR II.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Revisions to the BRRD framework  
The EU Banking Reform Package included Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a 
number of significant revisions to the BRRD (known as "BRRD II"). BRRD II provides that 
Member States are required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 
with certain requirements relating to the implementation of the TLAC standard applying from 
January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is 
foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 
January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other things: 
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the 
existing MREL regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes 
to the calculation methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can 
be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting 
and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution 
entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed 
€100 billion; 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and 
requirements on the contractual stays in resolution; and 
(iv) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-
in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment 
firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 ("Decree No. 193"), 
implementing the BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending 
Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 ("Decree no. 180") and the Banking Law. 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory 
framework regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the 
provisions set forth in BRRD II. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be 
determined by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria: 
(a) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is 
adequate to meet the resolution's objectives; 
(b) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same 
corporate group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to 
ensure that, if the bail-in tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were 
to be applied to them, looses could be absorbed and that it is possible to restore the 
total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to a level necessary to enable 
them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according to the 
regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the 
possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be 
transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(c) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
(d) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial 
stability, due to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities 
or with the rest of the financial system. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the Regulation establishing the Single 
Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution 
Mechanism (the “SRM Regulation”) entered into force. The SRM Regulation became 
operational on 1 January 2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those 
concerning the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the 
SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. The 
SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the EU Banking Reform Package in June 
2019. The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined above), applies to all 
banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (“SRM II Regulation”) amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization of credit institutions and investment firms.  
Lastly, the SRM Regulation was amended by the Daisy Chain Act. As better detailed in the 
SRB Communication on the Daisy Chain Act, published on 30 September 2024, according to 
Article 12d(2a) of the SRM Regulation, as amended by Article 2 of the Daisy Chain Act: (i) 
the SRB shall not determine the MREL for liquidation entities unless it considers justified to 
determine said requirement in an amount exceeding the amount sufficient to absorb losses. As 
per the definition laid down by the SRM Regulation, “liquidation entity” shall be read as 
referencing to an entity in respect of which the group resolution plan or, for entity that is not 
part of a group, the resolution plan, provides that the entity is to be wound up under the 
normal insolvency proceedings, or an entity, within the resolution group other than a 
resolution entity, in respect of which the group resolution does not provide for the exercise of 
write-down and conversion powers; and (ii) Article 77(2) and Article 78(a) of the CRR, 
setting forth the prior authorisation regime to reduce eligible liabilities instruments, shall not 
apply to liquidation entities for which the board of the SRB has not determined the MREL. 
The above changes apply from 14 November 2024. The SRB announced that – in line with the 
principles of good administration and legal certainty – in the course of 2024 resolution 
planning cycle, the previously adopted decisions setting the MREL at the level equal to the 
loss absorption amount will be repealed with effect as of 14 November 2024 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution 
authorities, there will be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions 
for the resolution of banks being supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with 
the changes to BRRD II described above, revisions to the provisions of the SRM Regulation 
(in relation to MREL) are due to change in due course. In this context, as mentioned above, it 
is also worth mentioning that, as part of the CMDI Reform, amendments to the SRM, have 
been recently proposed by the European co-legislator. The main purpose of this legislative 
reform is to build on the objectives of the crisis management framework and to ensure a more 
consistent approach to resolution so that any bank in crisis can exit the market in an orderly 
manner, while preserving the financial stability, taxpayer money and ensuring deposit 
confidence. 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce the amount of non-
performing exposures in bank’s balance sheets within adequate levels, the following are worth 
mentioning: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and 
Addendum to the Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 
2018: the NPL guidance contains recommendations and lays out the bank’s approach, 
processes and objectives regarding the effective management of the exposures. The guidance 
addresses all non-performing exposures (“NPEs”), as well as foreclosed assets, and touches 
on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning non-performing, such as “watch-list” 
exposures and performing forborne exposures. According to the guidance, the banks need to 
establish a strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self assessment of the 
internal capabilities to effectively manage; the external conditions and operating environment; 
and the impaired portfolios specifications. 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out 
supervisory expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to 
nonperforming exposures (NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the “ECB Addendum”). In addition, the 
ECB's bank-specific supervisory expectations for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs 
(before 31 March 2018), was set out in its 2018 SREP letters and the ECB will discuss any 
divergences from these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future 
SREP exercises. 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential 
provisioning of new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into 
account the adoption of Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013) as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures published in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 25 April 2019, also known as the “Pillar 1 backstop 
Regulation”, which introduces Pillar 1 provisioning requirements, following principles similar 
to those already guiding the finalisation of the ECB Addendum. 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In 
contrast, the European Commission’s requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). Therefore, the 
above-mentioned guidelines result in three “buckets” of NPEs based on the date of the 
exposure’s origination and the date of NPE’s classification: 
• 
Loans classified as NPEs before 31 March 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage 
buckets 
for 
unsecured/secured 
NPEs, 
subject 
to 
supervisory 
coverage 
recommendations and phase-in paths as communicated in SREP letters; 
• 
Loans originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows) and classified as NPEs 
after 31 March 2018: 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by 
immovable property/secured by immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs 
guaranteed or insured by an official export credit agency are subject to a special 
treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% is applicable to export credit exposures 
after more than 7 years of NPE status; 
• 
Loans originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows) and then classified 
as NPEs: 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable 
property/secured by immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed 
or insured by an official export credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. 
coverage expectation of 100% is applicable to export credit exposures after more than 
7 years of NPE status.  
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector 
published by the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
based on a mix of four policy actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt 
recovery frameworks; the development of secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the 
banking industry restructuring. An updated Action Plan was published in December 2020 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA 
on 31 October 2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools 
and frameworks in place to manage effectively their NPEs and to substantially reduce the 
presence of NPEs on the balance sheet. Only for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio 
above 5 per cent., the EBA asked to introduce specific strategies, in order to achieve a 
reduction of NPEs, and governance and operational requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 
17 December 2018 (as amended on 12 October 2022): in force since 31 December 2019, the 
Guidelines set enhanced disclosure requirements and uniform disclosure formats applicable to 
credit institutions' public disclosure of information regarding nonperforming exposures, 
forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. The amending Guidelines published on 12 October 
2022 will apply from 31 December 2022. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-
performing exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential 
treatment of the non-performing exposures for loans originated prior to 26 April 2019, 
requiring a deduction from own funds where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions 
or other adjustments. The Regulation’s purpose is to encourage a timely and proactive 
management of the NPEs. Loans are divided in vintage buckets of 3/7/9 years and a 
progressive coverage path is applied for each bucket. A 100% coverage is applicable to: (i) 
unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures secured 
by immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as 
defined in CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured 
exposures, from the seventh year after the classification as NPE. 
Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral 
(COM/2018/0135): the proposal is aimed to achieve (i) a better management of NPLs by 
increasing the efficiency of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct 
common accelerated extrajudicial collateral enforcement (the “AECE”) procedure; (ii) the 
development of secondary markets for NPLs in the EU’s markets by harmonising the 
regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers. The European Commision 
finalised and published on 8 December 2021, in the Official Journal of the European Union, 
the Directive No. 2021/2167 on credit services and credit purchasers (the “NPLs Directive”). 
The NPLs Directive entered into force on the twentieth day following that of its publication in 
the Official Journal (i.e. 28 December 2021) and it had to be implemented by the Member 
States by 29 December 2023. The part of the Directive related to the AECE mechanism 
remains not adopted. 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by 
the EBA on 23 October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/2401 (the “Securitisation Regulation”) to the particular characteristics of NPEs 
by removing certain constraints imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions 
using securitisation technology to dispose of NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the 
European Commission, the EBA outlined the fact that the securitisations can be used to 
enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and larger rate than 
otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations’ structure 
in tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse 
investor pool with a different Risk Appetite.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission 
presented amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate 
the securitisation of non-performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE 
securitisations by assigning different risk weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the 
European Parliament at the end of March, on 6 April 2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/557 which 
introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2021/558 
amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the securitisation framework 
to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis were published on the 
Official Journal of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 2021. 
In order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks' balance sheets as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the European Commission proposed a series of actions with four main 
goals: (i) further develop secondary markets for distressed assets (in particular by finalizing 
the Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral; establishing 
a data hub at European level and reviewing the EBA templates to be used during the disposal 
of NPLs); (ii) reform the EU's corporate insolvency and debt recovery legislation; (iii) support 
the establishment and cooperation of national asset management companies at EU level; (iv) 
introduce precautionary public support measures, where needed, to ensure the continued 
funding of the real economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and 
State aid frameworks. As a result, the European Commission published on 18 October 2022 
the Communication on the guidelines for a best-execution process for sales of non-performing 
loans on secondary markets. The main objectives of such communication are to (i) encourage 
good sell and buy-side processes for NPL transactions in EU secondary markets and, in 
particular, (ii) to help sellers and buyers that may have less experience with secondary market 
transactions throughout the sale process. 
To further improve the transparency and efficiency of secondary market for NPLs, on 16 June 
2021 the European Commission released a public consultation aimed at identifying and 
gathering information on remaining obstacles to the proper functioning of secondary markets 
for NPLs as well as possible enabling actions that could be taken to foster these markets by 
improving the quantity, quality and comparability of NPL data. The public consultation ended 
on 8 September 2021. 
Publication of Key EU Financial Regulations and Directives 
On 14 November 2024, Regulation (EU) 2024/2809 of European Parliament and Council of 
23 October 2024 amending Regulations (EU) 2017/1129 (“Prospectus Regulation”), (EU) 
No 596/2014 (“Market Abuse Regulation”, MAR) and (EU) No 600/2014 (“Markets in 
Financial Instruments Regulation”, MiFIR) to make public capital markets in the Union 
more attractive for companies and to facilitate access to capital for small and medium-sized 
enterprises was published in the Official Journal of the EU.  
On 14 November 2024, Directive (EU) 2024/2811 of European Parliament and Council of 23 
October 2024 amending Directive 2014/65/EU (“Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive”, MiFID II) to make public capital markets in the Union more attractive for 
companies and to facilitate access to capital for small and medium-sized enterprises and 
repealing Directive 2001/34/EC was published in the Official Journal of the EU. 
On 14 November 2024, Directive (EU) 2024/2810 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 23 October 2024 on multiple-vote share structures in companies that seek 
admission to trading of their shares on a multilateral trading facility was published in the 
Official Journal of the EU.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking 
and financial market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian 
Banking Association ("ABI") and the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting 
suspension or extension was extended to loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium 
refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized companies affected by the COVID-19 
outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments may be requested to be suspended 
for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The suspension is applicable to 
medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the issue of 
agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the 
suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through 
an agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to 
credit to households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed 
loans and unsecured loans repayable in instalments. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a 
comprehensive set of monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, 
safeguarding liquidity conditions in the banking system through a series of favourably-priced 
longer term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, protecting the continued flow of credit 
to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration of targeted longer term refinancing 
operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing tightening of financing conditions for the 
economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP). 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable 
terms during the period from June 2020 to June 2022 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding 
during that time. Throughout this period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will 
be 50 basis points below the average rate applied in the Eurosystem's main refinancing 
operations. 
Recently, a significant upward revision in the outlook for medium-term inflation (since the 
end of 2021) as well as in 2022 an unexpected high increase of energy costs, supply 
deficiencies and trade disruption, mainly due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, caused a 
material rise in inflation which call for a reassessment of the appropriate monetary policy 
stance. 
As part of this re-evaluation package, on 27 October 2022, the Governing Council adopted 
decision no. 2022/2128 ("ECB Decision No. 2128"), whereby it decided that from 23 
November 2022 until the maturity date or early repayment date of each outstanding TLTRO 
III operations ("TLTRO III Operations"), the interest rate on TLTRO III Operations will be 
indexed to the average applicable key ECB interest rates over this period and no longer over 
the entire life of the program tranche. The measures laid down by ECB Decision No. 2128 
have modified the TLTRO III program in a more restrictive way by removing almost all 
remuneration incentives and resulted in a sharp worsening of the funding rate and thus ECB 
introduced a new early repayment window on the date of the change effectiveness to allow 
banks to exit the program before relative conditions change. 
The Governing Council also added a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of 
€120 billion until the end of 2020, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector 
purchase programmes. On 18 March 2020 this was followed by the announcement of the €750 
billion Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program (the "PEPP"), increased with a further €600 
billion on 4 June 2020. As per the monetary policy decision published on 17 October 2024,

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
the Governing Council announced its intention not to reinvest the principal payments from 
maturing securities purchased under the PEPP, reducing the PEPP portfolio by €7.5 billion per 
month on average. The Governing Council intends also to discontinue reinvestments under the 
PEPP at the end of 2024. In any case, the Governing Council will continue applying flexibility 
in reinvesting redemptions coming due in the PEPP portfolio, with a view to countering risks 
to the monetary policy transmission mechanism related to the pandemic. Similarly, also the 
APP portfolio is declining at a measured and predictable pace, as the Eurosystem no longer 
reinvests the principal payments from maturing securities 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the 
epidemiological emergency due to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 
18 (Cura Italia Decree) was adopted. The Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures 
derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order to simplify 
the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen the intervention of the Guarantee 
Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA relating to losses that 
can be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the amount of the ACE ("Aiuto alla 
Crescita Economica") notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per 
cent. of the impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank 
Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to 
increase operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial 
stability priorities resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation 
timeline of the outstanding Basel III standards: 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional 
arrangements for the output floor has also been extended by one year to 1 January 
2028. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 
2019 has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in 
December 2018 has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (the "Liquidity 
Decree") was issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. 
The Liquidity Decree, in addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE 
Simest ("SACE"), a company of the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further 
strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules for accessing, by including 
also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well as increasing the 
guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree 
(provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes 
further exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, which will be 
applicable until 31 December 2020. The Government is going to extend such measures until 
31 December 2021 (the prorogation will be provided by the Law Decree of the end of April 
2021). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") 
was published in the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, 
work and economic support, as well as social policies, related to the epidemiological 
emergency caused by COVID-19.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid 
until 31 December 2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing 
their insolvency risk. Particular reference is made to two public tools: "Patrimonio PMI" fund, 
which is aimed at subscribing new bonds issued by SME corporates with €10 million 
turnover, which have been impacted by COVID-19 a turnover reduction of 33 per cent. in 
April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to other investors <20 per cent. of the 
investment> in such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated which have suffered 
losses <50 per cent. of the losses which exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, but in the 
limit of the 30 per cent. of the capital increase>); and the so-called "Patrimonio rilancio" 
(Dedicated assets within CDP) which is aimed at subscribing new bonds (mainly convertible 
bonds) and shares in order to support the real economy. 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree "August" (Law Decree 14 August 
2020, No. 104, converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent 
measures in support of health, work and economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The 
measures introduced by the Law regard the extension of the moratorium for SME until 31 
January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) and, for tourist sector, until 31 March 2021. Such 
prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly waived by the beneficiary company. They 
also provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Law Decree Cura Italia No. 
18/2020) to convert the DTAs into tax credits (application to special regimes, such as 
consolidated and transparency). The decree above mentioned also widens the scope of the 
public guarantee, too, extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies which already got a 
prorogation of the guarantee due to temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including 
financial intermediation and holding financial assets activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It 
also extends SACE guarantee scope also to companies admitted to the arrangement procedure 
with business continuity (or certified plans and restructuring agreements) if their exposures 
are not classifiable as non-performing exposures (at the date of submission of the application), 
they don't present amounts in arrears and the lender can reasonably assume the full repayment 
of the exposure at maturity. 
Sustainable Finance Regulation 
The banking system needs to be able to collect high quality data on companies' sustainable 
activities and projects to contribute to the radical transformation towards climate neutrality 
and sustainability, which are the basis for green finance decision-making and necessary to 
ensure that the banks shall comply with the regulations on the disclosure of financial and non-
financial information. 
Starting from May 2018, the European Commission published several legislative measures in 
order to promote a sustainable finance in line with the objectives of its action plan of March 
2018 (and the successive reviewed sustainable finance strategy, published in July 2021), as 
better outlined below. 
On 21 April 2021, the Commission published a proposal for the review of the Non-Financial 
Reporting Directive (Directive (EU) 2014/95) (the "NFRD"). The new Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (the "CSRD") proposes to extend the scope to listed SMEs 
(excluding listed microundertakings) and to not listed large companies; introduces the 
requirement to report according to common EU sustainability reporting standards envisaging 
specific standards for listed SMEs while non-listed SMEs may decide to use those standard on 
a voluntary basis, and a transition period of three years since the application of the Directive; 
requires mandatory assurance of the reported information that should be published as part of 
the company's management report and in machine readable format. On November 2022 the 
CSRD text has been adopted by both the co-legislators and entered into force on 5 January 
2023. On the 31st of July 2023, the European Commission adopted the final Delegated Act

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
(DA) (Annex I including standards and Annex II including glossary) on the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) mandated under the CSRD. The CSRD’s 
sustainability reporting obligations apply to financial years starting with 1 January 2024 
(reporting in 2025), according to a three stages-timeline. 
On 9 December 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability ‐ related disclosures in the 
financial services sector (SFDR - Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation) (the "SFDR") 
was published, which lays down harmonised rules for financial market participants and 
financial advisers on transparency. The SFDR entered into force from March 2021, but the EC 
was mandated to adopt regulatory technical standards regarding the ESG disclosure 
requirements. The three ESAs (EBA, EIOPA and ESMA) published their report in February 
2021 which was finally adopted by the EC in April 2022 and are applicable from January 
2023. On 14 September 2023 the Commission published a targeted consultation to seek 
feedback on the SFDR from industry and other stakeholders, running until 15 December 2023. 
The consultation was aimed to assess the current requirement and also to explore potential 
changes to disclosures and the possible creation of a product categorization system. 
  
On 9 March 2020, the European Commission Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance 
("TEG") published its final report on the taxonomy, following the public consultation 
launched after the publication of the June 2019 report. The EU Taxonomy Regulation, which 
is part of the Action 1 of the Action Plan on financing sustainable growth published on 8 
March 2018 by the Commission, aims to establish a unique classification system for the 
economic activities which can be classified as sustainable. The EU Taxonomy Regulation was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 June 2020 and entered into 
force on 12 July 2020. So far certain delegated acts under the EU Taxonomy Regulation have 
been adopted by the European Commission including a first delegated act on technical 
screening criteria on climate change mitigation and adaptation objectives has been adopted in 
April 2021; a second delegated act, supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation, 
on taxonomy-related disclosures has been adopted in July 2021 (specifying the content, 
methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial 
undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in 
their business, investments or lending activities); a third delegated act, complementary to the 
first, including technical screening criteria on nuclear and gas energy activities has been 
adopted in February 2022; a fourth delegated act establishing the technical screening criteria 
on the four environmental objectives (sustainable use and protection of water and marine 
resources, transition to a circular economy, pollution prevention and control and protection 
and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems); a fifth delegated act amending the first 
delegated act on climate change mitigation and adaptation. 
In July 2021, the European Commission adopted a legislative proposal for EU GBS, which 
has been adopted by co-legislators and published in the EU Official Journal, was approved by 
the European Parliament on 5 October 2023 and by the Council on 23 October 2023. Finally, 
on 30 November 2023, the regulation on the “European Green Bonds and optional disclosures 
for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds” was 
published in the Official Journal and will enter into force on the 20 December 2023; the 
regulation will be applicable from 21 December 2024 with a transition period for certain 
requirements until 21 June 2026 . 
On 20 January 2021, the European Commission opened a targeted consultation on the 
establishment of a European single access point ("ESAP") for financial and non-financial 
information publicly disclosed by companies. The establishment of ESAP is the first point of 
the new action plan on the Capital Markets Union 2020 aiming to create a register of ESG 
data at EU level to provide easily accessible, comparable and machine readable information

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
through standardization of formats to remove the difficulties encountered by the various 
stakeholders in accessing, comparing and using companies' financial and sustainability related 
information. The consultation closed on 12 March 2021. On 27 November 2023, the Council 
of the European Union adopted the final texts of the ESAP legislative package. Regulation 
(EU) 2023/2859 of 13 December 2023 was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 20 
December 2023, establishing a European single access point providing centralised access to 
publicly available information of relevance to financial services, capital markets and 
sustainability. By 10 July 2027, ESMA shall establish and operate the ESAP, providing 
centralised electronic access to the relevant information. 
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission published a package of measures on Sustainable 
Finance, which included proposals for inclusion of ESG into the existing MiFID II. Starting 
from August 22 the financial advisors are required to gather information about ESG 
preferences of clients and take them into consideration when providing advice or propose 
financial products. Additionally, the financial institutions are requested to integrate 
sustainability factors, risks and preferences into organizational and operational processes. The 
delegated acts, namely Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1253 and Commission 
Delegated Regulation 2021/1269, were published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 2 August 2021 and applied from 22 November 2022. 
On 12 October 2023, the EBA published a report on the role of environmental and social risks 
in the prudential framework of credit institutions and investment firms. Taking a risk-based 
approach, the report recommends targeted enhancements to accelerate the integration of 
environmental and social risks across the Pillar I. In particular, the EBA proposed to: (i) 
including environmental risk as part of stress testing programmes under both the internal 
ratings-based (IRB) and the internal model approaches (IMA) under the Fundamental Review 
of the Trading Book; (ii) encourage inclusion of environmental and social factors as part of 
external assessment by the credit rating agencies; (iii) encourage the inclusion of 
environmental and social factors as part of the due diligence requirements and evaluation of 
immovable property collateral; (iv) require institutions to identify whether environmental and 
social factors constitute triggers of operational risk losses; and (v) progressively develop 
environment-related concentration risk metrics as part of supervisory reporting.  
Covered Bond Legislative Package  
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending 
the CRR have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union and apply starting 
from 8 July 2022. 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, 
public supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 provides for a number of more complex structural requirements, 
such as the dual recourse and the bankruptcy remoteness tools. The Directive at hand also 
establishes specific requirements for a liquidity reserve and introduces the possibility of joint 
funding and intragroup pooled covered bond structures in order to facilitate the issuance of 
covered bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 provides 
the authorities of the Member States with the task of monitoring compliance of covered bond 
issuances with the abovementioned requirements and regulates the conditions for obtaining 
the authorisation to carry out the activity of issuance of covered bonds in the context of a 
covered bond programme. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, 
providing for additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant 
preferential treatment. In particular, the Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to 
credit institutions rated in credit quality step 2 up to a maximum of 10% of the total exposure

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing institution, without the 
need to consult the EBA. The Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 also requires a minimum level of 
over-collateralization in order to mitigate the most relevant risks arising in the case of the 
issuer’s insolvency or resolution. 
Moreover, several additional changes to the LCR Delegated Regulation has been proposed in 
order to align the LCR Delegated Regulation with Article 129 of the CRR, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160. The consultation remained opened until 24 November 2020. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegated Law 2019 has entered into force. It delegates the 
Italian Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162. According to the 
European Delegated Law 2019: 
• 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
• 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by 
Article 17 of Directive (EU) 2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with 
extendable maturity structures; and 
• 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise 
the option to set for covered bonds a minimum level of over-collateralization lower 
than the thresholds set out under Article 1 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 
5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
The Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of 
Legislative Decree 5 November 2021, n. 190 which modified Law dated 30 April 1999, n.130 
and entered into force on December 1st 2021.  
On 30 November 2021 the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the Decree 
190/2021) implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 was published in the Official Gazette No. 
285 of 30 November 2021 and entered into force on 1 December 2021. In this respect, it is 
worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to exercise the following options provided 
by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the 
cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered 
bonds with extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of 
the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by 
taking as a reference the final maturity date for the payment of principal. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for 
the public supervision of the covered bonds, which was entrusted with the issuing of the 
implementing regulations by 8 July 2022. In accordance to such regulations, the Bank of Italy 
had been entrusted also to assess whether to exercise the option provided for in the Directive 
that allows Member States to lower the threshold of the minimum level of 
overcollateralization. 
The national legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 
2019/2162: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited 
to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable 
maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement 
of the cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the 
final maturity date for the payment of principal.  
The Decree 190/2021 repealed Articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of the Italian Law No. 130 of 
30 April 1999 (as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations) and 
introduced the new Title I-bis of Law 130, which sets out the legislative framework applicable

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
to covered bonds issued as of the adoption by the Bank of Italy of new the supervisory 
instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” 
dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended from time to 
time (the BoI OBG Regulation). In accordance with the Decree 190/2021:  
• 
until the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered 
bonds have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 
as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations, the Decree of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310, the previous 
version of the Bank of Italy “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 17 
December 2013 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013) and the previous version of 
article 129 of the CRR; and  
• 
as of the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered 
bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of Title I-bis of Law 130, the BoI 
OBG Regulations and the Article 129 of the CRR as amended by the Covered Bond 
Regulation.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BOND GUARANTOR 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose 
of guaranteeing the Covered Bonds. 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. was incorporated in the Republic of Italy as a limited liability 
company (società a responsabilità limitata) pursuant to Law 130, operating under Italian law, 
with fiscal code and registration number with the Companies’ Register of Milano-Monza-
Brianza-Lodi No. 05936180966. 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. belongs to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and is subject to the direction 
and coordination (direzione e coordinamento), pursuant to Article 2497-bis of the Italian Civil 
Code, of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., with the 60 per cent. of the quota capital controls ISP CB 
Ipotecario S.r.l. 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. was incorporated on 14 November 2007 and its duration shall be until 
31 December 2100. 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. has its registered office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan, Italy. 
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of the Issuer is Euro 120,000.00. 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Covered Bond Guarantor is 81560064FFDF9E189E07. 
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. is to purchase from banks, against payment, 
assets which are eligible for the purposes of Article 7-bis of Law 130, as applicable until the 
31 March 2023 (the Implementation Date) (which has been replaced by Title I-bis of Law 
130), and the relevant implementing regulations, and in compliance with the provisions 
thereof, by means of subordinated loans granted or guaranteed also by the selling banks, as 
well as to issue guarantees for the covered bonds issued by such banks or other entities. 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. has granted the Covered Bond Guarantee to the benefit of the 
Covered Bondholders, of the counterparts of derivatives contracts entered into with the 
purpose to cover the risks inherent the purchased credits and securities and of the counterparts 
of other ancillary contracts, as well as to the benefit of the payment of the other costs of the 
transaction, with priority in respect of the reimbursement of the other loans, pursuant to 
paragraph 1 of Article 7-bis of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree as applicable until 
the Implementation Date, and to Articles 7-sexies, Paragraph 1, letter (c) and 7-quaterdecies 
of Law 130 as applicable from the Implementation Date. 
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. can carry out 
the ancillary transactions to be stipulated in view of the performance of the guarantee and the 
successful conclusion of the issue of covered bonds in which it participates or, however, 
auxiliary to the aim of its purpose, as well as the re-investment in other financial activities of 
the assets deriving from the management of the credits and the securities purchased, but not 
immediately invested for the satisfaction of the Covered Bondholders’ rights. 
Since the date of its incorporation, ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. has not engaged in any business 
other than the purchase of the Portfolio and the entering into of the Transaction Documents 
and other ancillary documents. 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. shall not, 
without the consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, incur any other 
indebtedness for borrowed monies or engage in any business (other than acquiring and 
holding the assets backing the Covered Bond Guarantee, assuming the Subordinated Loan,

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
issuing the Covered Bond Guarantee and entering into the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party), pay any dividends, repay or otherwise return any equity capital, have any 
subsidiaries, employees or premises, consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or 
transfer its property or assets to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in the Conditions 
or the Intercreditor Agreement) or guarantee any additional quota. 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are 
detailed in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
The directors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are:  
 
Director 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Mario Masini 
Chair 
Director of Mediolanum Gestione 
Fondi S.G.R.p.A.; 
Director of ILME S.p.A.; 
Director of IMAC S.p.A.; 
Member of Supervisory Board (ODV) 
in RWE Renewables Italia S.r.l. 
Andrea Calamanti 
Director 
None 
Vanessa Gemmo 
Director 
Professor of Organization Science and 
Information 
Systems 
at 
IULM 
University, Department of Business, 
Law, 
Economics 
and 
Consumer 
Behaviour, Milan. 
 
The statutory auditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are: 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Lodovico Tommaseo 
Ponzetta 
Chair 
Chartered accountant and auditor; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
Sintesi S.p.A.; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
55.11 S.p.A.; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
David S.p.A.; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
Stampiave S.r.l.; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
Consvif S.r.l.; 
Chair of Statutory auditor in David

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Capital S.p.A.; 
Chair of Statutory auditor in Ica 
Sistem S.r.l.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Körber 
Technologies S.p.A.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Ecofin 
S.r.l.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Logica 
22 S.p.A.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Legnox 
S.p.A.; 
Sole 
Indipendent 
Auditor 
in 
Automobili Vendramini S.r.l.; 
Sole Indipendent Auditor in Marex 
S.r.l.; 
Sole Indipendent Auditor in Plastigraf 
Trevigiana S.r.l; 
Sole Indipendent Auditor in Logica 
S.r.l.; 
Sole Indipendent Auditor in Treviso 
Macchine S.r.l; 
Sole 
Indipendent 
Auditor 
in 
Immobiliare Mecbon S.r.l.; 
Sole Director of Ginestra Investimenti 
S.r.l. 
Elena Fornara 
Statutory auditor (regular) 
Chartered accountant and auditor; 
Adjunt 
Professor 
School 
of 
Economics C. Cattaneo University – 
LIUC, Castellanza (Varese); 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Gruppo 
Lactalis Italia S.r.l.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Lactalis 
Italia S.p.A.; 
Statutory auditor (single) Italatte 
S.r.l.; 
Statutory auditor (single) BPA Italia 
S.r.l.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Ambrosi 
S.p.A.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Brera

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Sec S.r.l.;  
Statutory auditor (regular) Clara SEC 
S.r.l.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Fineurop 
S.p.A. 
Statutory 
auditor 
(regular) 
in 
Addivision SIM S.p.A 
Statutory auditor (regular) in PGA 
S.p.A. 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Secam 
S.p.A.; 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
(ODV) Interpump Hydraulics S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
(ODV) Stoccaggi Gas Italia S.p.A.; 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
(ODV) GNL Italia S.p.A. 
Enrico Rossi 
Statutory auditor (regular) 
Chartered accountant and auditor; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
Somi S.p.A.; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
Officine Riva S.p.A.; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
I.F.P. S.p.A.; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
Future Electronics S.r.l.; 
Chair of the Statutory Auditors in 
CEL General Contractor S.p.A.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Novatex 
Italia S.p.A. 
Statutory 
auditor 
(regular) 
in 
Metallurgica Alta Brianza S.p.A.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in SCI 
Maro S.r.l.; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Futura 
Invest S.p.A.; 
 
 
All the statutory auditors are registered with the Register of the Statutory Auditors (Registro 
dei Revisori Legali).

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory 
Auditors is ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l., Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan. 
Conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private 
interest and or other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The Quotaholders are as follows: 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
60 per cent. of the quota capital; 
Stichting Viridis 2 
40 per cent. of the quota capital. 
Intesa Sanpaolo, with the 60 per cent. of the quota capital controls the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, which belongs to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. In order to avoid any abuse, certain 
mitigants have been inserted in the Quotaholders’ Agreement, as better described below. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains, inter alia, a call option in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo 
to purchase from Stichting Viridis 2, and a put option in favour of Stichting Viridis 2 to sell to 
Intesa Sanpaolo, the quota of the Covered Bond Guarantor held by Stichting Viridis 2 and 
provisions in relation to the management of the Covered Bond Guarantor. Each option may 
only be exercised from the day on which all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or 
cancelled. 
In addition, the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will approve the payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor prior to the date on which all amounts of principal and 
interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to the Other Creditors have been paid in 
full. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position, and Profits 
and Losses  
The financial information of the Covered Bond Guarantor derives from the statutory financial 
statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022. The statutory financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor as 
at and for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 2022 have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS. EY S.p.A. issued the independent auditors’ reports on the statutory financial 
statements of ISP CB Ipotecario, the Covered Bond Guarantor, as at and for the years ended 
on 31 December 2023 and 2022, respectively on 18 March 2024 and 16 March 2023. The 
English translation of such financial statements, together with the English translation of the 
independent auditors’ reports of EY S.p.A., are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see the section headed “Documents incorporated by reference”).  
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of the Covered Bond Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as 
follows: 
Quota capital Issued and authorised 
Intesa Sanpaolo has a quota of Euro 72,000 and Stichting Viridis 2 has a quota of Euro 
48,000, each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan, in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this document, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including 
loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or 
acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
Documents on Display  
For the life of the Base Prospectus the following documents may be inspected at the specified 
offices of the Administrative Services Provider and the Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
 (a)  
the memorandum and articles of association of the Covered Bond Guarantor (also 
available on the following website: https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/it/investor-
relations/prospetti/emissioni-internazionali/obbligazioni-bancarie/programma-obg-
mutui-ipotecari-isp/programma-obg-mutui-ipotecari-isp 
and 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-
documents/covered-bonds/intesa-sanpaolo-obg-mortgage-programme--originator-
intesa-sanpao/obg-mortgage); 
(b)  
copies of the audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor for 
each financial year; 
(c)  
all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations 
and statements prepared by any expert at the Covered Bond Guarantor’s request any 
part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus; 
(d)  
the historical financial information of the Covered Bond Guarantor for each of the two 
financial years preceding the publication of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulations require that the Issuer 
appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to carry out specific controls on the 
regularity of the transaction, the integrity of the Covered Bond Guarantee and, following the 
latest amendments to the BoI OBG Regulations introduced by way of the Third Part, Chapter 
3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No 285 of 17 December 2013 
(as amended and replaced by the Implementing Provisions), the information provided to 
investors. 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulations, the asset 
monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled with the Register of Certified Auditors held 
by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 
January 2010 and the related regulations issued by the Ministry for Economy and Finance and 
shall not be the audit firm of the Issuer or of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be 
addressed to the Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
Further to the relevant appointment dated 30 December 2011, the Asset Monitor is Deloitte & 
Touche S.p.A., a joint stock company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy (an 
affiliated of Deloitte Central Mediterranean S.r.l. the affiliate for the territories of Italy, 
Greece and Malta of Deloitte NSE LLP, a member firm of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu 
Limited), having its registered office at Via Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the companies’ register of Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi No. 03049560166, and 
enrolled under No. 132587 with the register of accounting firms held by Ministero 
dell’Economia e delle Finanze pursuant to article 2 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 39 of 
27 January 2010 and related regulations issued by Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on or about the Programme Date, as 
subsequently amended, between the Issuer and the Asset Monitor, the Issuer has appointed the 
Asset Monitor in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information from the 
Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning the compliance of the Programme with Title 
I-bis of Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulations including, inter alia, (i) the compliance with 
the eligibility criteria set out under Law 130 with respect to the Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Portfolios; (ii) the compliance with the limits on 
the transfer of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets set out under the BoI 
OBG Regulations, Law 130 and Article 129 of the CRR; (iii) the compliance of the 
calculation performed by the Calculation Agent with the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Observed Eligible OC Amount; (iv) the 
effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any swap agreement entered 
into in the context of the Programme; and (v) the completeness, truthfulness and timeliness of 
the information provided to investors pursuant to Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulations. 
The engagement letter has been amended from time to time in order (i) to reflect latest 
amendments made to the BoI OBG Regulations and to be in line with the provisions contained 
therein in relation to the reports to be prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor to the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer and (ii) in order to specify in details the carrying out of 
certain procedures. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses 
by the Issuer to the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Furthermore, on the Programme Date, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into 
the Asset Monitor Agreement, as more fully described under “Description of the Transaction 
Documents — Asset Monitor Agreement”.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
The Portfolio consists primarily of receivables deriving from residential or commercial loan 
agreements pursuant to Article 129, Paragraph 1, lett. (d) and (f) of the CRR and Article 7-
novies of Law 130.  
In addition, the Portfolio may comprise (i) Integration Assets (being (a) the assets referred to 
in Article 129, Paragraph 1, letter (c) which meet the requirements of Article 129, Paragraph 
1, letter (a) of the CRR and of the art. 7-novies of Law 130, and (b) any debt securities or 
other exposures referred to in Article 129, Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR) and (ii) 
Liquid Assets (being the assets referred to in Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and 
(b) of Law 130, provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets 
under Article 129 of the CRR and Law 130 also in the form of substitution assets).  
Under the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor have 
agreed that the following criteria shall be applied on the relevant Selection Date in selecting 
the assets that will be transferred to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the 
provisions thereof. 
Criteria applicable to the Receivables 
Each of the Receivables included in any Further Portfolio shall comply, as of the relevant 
Selection Date, with the following criteria (the General Criteria):  
(a) 
in case of Receivables arising from residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari 
residenziali): 
(i) 
receivables deriving from loans secured by residential property up to the lesser of 
the principal amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 80% of the value 
of the pledged properties, in accordance with Article 129, par. 1, letter (d) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
receivables in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) 
applicable to the relevant mortgage has elapsed and the relevant mortgage is not capable of 
being challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the Insolvency Law, or Article 166 of Crisis Code 
or, to the extent applicable, Article 39, Paragraph 4, of the Banking Law;  
(iii) 
receivables arising from loans granted by Intesa Sanpaolo or a bank being part of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group at the time of the relevant assignment; 
(iv) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are governed by Italian law; 
(v) 
receivables which are not qualified as defaulted (in sofferenza), “unlikely-to-pay” or 
past due instalments (esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti deteriorate) within the meaning 
ascribed to such term under the Bank of Italy Circolare no. 272 dated 30 July 2008 (Matrice 
dei Conti); 
(vi) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which provide for the payment by the 
debtor of monthly, quarterly or semi-annual instalments; 
(vii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which have been granted to consumer - 
producer households (famiglie produttrici o consumatrici) (also acting in the form of 
informal partnership (società semplice and società di fatto) or individual concerns (impresa 
individuale)); 
(viii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are fully disbursed; 
(ix) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which do not provide for any subsidy or 
other benefit in relation to principal or interest (mutui agevolati);

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
(x) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which have not been granted to employees 
of companies being part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, or jointly (in cointestazione) with 
them; 
(b) 
in case of Receivables arising from commercial mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari 
commerciali): 
(i) 
receivables deriving from loans secured by commercial immovable property up to 
the lesser of the principal amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 
60% of the value of the pledged properties from, in accordance with Article 129, par. 1, 
letter (f) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
receivables in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) 
applicable to the relevant mortgage has elapsed and the relevant mortgage is not capable of 
being challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the Insolvency Law or Article 166 of the Crisis 
Code and, to the extent applicable, of Article 39, Paragraph 4, of the Banking Law; 
(iii) 
receivables arising from loans granted by Intesa Sanpaolo or a bank being part of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group at the time of the relevant assignment; 
(iv) 
receivables arising from loans which are governed by Italian law; 
(v) 
receivables which are not qualified as defaulted (in sofferenza), “unlikely-to-pay” or 
past due instalments (esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti deteriorate) within the meaning 
ascribed to such term under the Bank of Italy Circolare no. 272 dated 30 July 2008 (Matrice 
dei Conti); 
(vi) 
receivables arising from loans which provide for the payment by the debtor of 
monthly, quarterly or semi-annual instalments; 
(vii) 
receivables arising from loans which are fully disbursed; 
(viii) 
receivables arising from loans which do not provide for any subsidy or other benefit 
in relation to principal or interest (mutui agevolati); 
(ix) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which have not been granted to employees 
of companies which are part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, or jointly (in cointestazione) with 
them. 
All Receivables included in any relevant Portfolio shall also comply with the Specific Criteria 
set out under the relevant Transfer Agreement.   
Characteristics applicable to the Securities 
Each of the Securities included in any Portfolio shall comply, as of the relevant Selection 
Date, with all of the following characteristics: 
(a) 
until the Implementation Date, in case of securities deriving from securitisation 
transactions, the relevant Portfolio shall be constituted, for at least 95 per cent., of receivables 
or securities indicated under Article 2, Paragraph 1 (a) and (b) of the MEF Decree or issued in 
the context of a securitisation transaction which fulfils the requirements as set out (i) in article 
80 of the Guidelines (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 on 
the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60); (ii) in the 
regulation 575/2013/CE, in relation to covered bonds; and (iii) in the BoI OBG Regulations, 
(each of them, as amended and/or replaced from time to time),  
(b) 
until the Implementation Date in case of securities issued by a bank, (i) such bank 
shall have its registered office in an Eligible State or in a State which attract a risk weight

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
factor equal to 0 per cent. under the “standardised approach” to credit risk measurement and 
(ii) such securities shall have a residual maturity not longer than one year; 
(c) 
securities issued by central governments meeting the requirements of, (i) until the 
Implementation Date, Article 2, Paragraph 1, letter (c) of the MEF Decree, as amended and/or 
replaced from time to time; and (ii) from the Implementation Date, Article 129, Paragraph 1, 
lett. (a) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
Eligible States shall mean any States belonging to the European Economic Space and 
Switzerland. 
standardised approach is the approach to credit risk measurements as defined under 
Directive 2006/48/EC.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
COLLECTION AND RECOVERY PROCEDURES 
1. PAYMENT SYSTEMS FOR LOANS  
Payment systems and recording of collections 
The repayment of almost all loans starts on the first day of the second month following the 
date of signing of the agreement (unless full pre-amortisation periods are contractually 
provided for). From the signing date to the repayment start date the customer is in a pre-
amortisation period and only pays interest, which is usually received together with the first 
repayment instalment. 
By way of example, in the case of a loan with monthly repayment entered into on 5/10: 
 
5/10 
 
1/12 (start of repayment) 
1/01                                  
1/02 
 
 
Technical pre-amortisation                        First repayment instalment                 Second 
repayment instalment 
 
For this type of loans, the repayment generally begins with the first full repayment instalment 
following disbursement, depending on the frequency of the instalment (monthly, quarterly, 
half-yearly or annual). A pre-amortisation period may also be envisaged, in addition to the 
above-mentioned technical pre-amortisation, the duration of which, set at the time of approval 
of the loan, is in line with the duration, type and purpose of the loan. 
 
The payment methods for the outstanding loan instalments are essentially: 
automatic debit to the borrower’s current account opened at any Branch of the Bank  
payment from the borrower on the basis of an instalment payment notice by means of a 
deposit slip (MAV) to be made at the branches of the Bank or of another credit institution 
participating in the MAV circuit; 
automatic debit to the borrower’s current account opened at another bank (SDD Mandate); 
payment through a branch of the Bank and/or bank transfer made through another bank. 
For loans in line with past instalment payments, where the payments are made after the 
instalment due date but within the month prior to the next due date, the Bank adopts the 
practice of allowing default interest to be charged on the next due date or on the first 
accounting event for the loan (see repayment).   
1.1 Payment by automatic debit to current account  
For loans subject to this system of payment, the procedure identifies all instalments due on a 
given day and debits the amount to the current account (on that day). Where the account does 
not have a balance or only a partially sufficient balance, the system still debits the account, 
sending a list to each Branch (on each instalment due date) of the instalments whose debit has 
caused an overdraft on the current accounts. The Branch concerned has the option of reversing 
the instalments debited automatically by the system.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Any default is recorded in the Bank’s information system in real time, but the operator is still 
able to check the loan’s accounting situation at any time. 
In the case of instalments that are even only partially unpaid, the loan is not taken into account 
for the preparation of the next instalment debit flow.    
Every week, a recovery of unpaid instalments in arrears is automatically ordered, verifying the 
balances available in the customers’ accounts, in order to progressively reduce the arrears.   
1.2 Payment by pre-authorised debit  
In order to improve operations and offer customers services increasingly aimed at meeting 
their expectations, the Bank offers the possibility of making instalment payments by means of 
pre-authorised debits from current accounts at other credit institutions. 
The pre-authorised debit order with other banks, to be used only at the explicit request of 
customers, is an alternative to debits to a current account opened with the Bank. This option is 
useful for managing customers residing outside the Bank’s area of operations and for those 
that operate with other credit institutions. The service helps to reduce loans that do not have 
an associated current account. 
Several days before the instalment due date, currently 8 business days, for all instalments 
collectable by SDD mandate, the debit flow is automatically set up and forwarded to the 
paying banks. 
On the due date of the debit orders, the IT procedure credits the collections “subject to 
verification and collection” to a transit account and on the same day the “Loans” procedure 
debits the amount of the instalments due from the same account offsetting the amount 
credited. 
Unpaid orders returned by the correspondent banks are debited by the procedure from the 
transit account. 
Reversals of payments made by SDD mandate and referring to defaults are automatically 
executed by the procedure, and the Operating Points are also informed of the event. In view of 
the time taken by the banks to return the sums credited “subject to verification and collection” 
and the subsequent processing times, the actual collection (or default) can only be verified 
after around twenty business days. After the twentieth day, the receipts are processed and sent 
to the customers. 
In the event of a default, the debit subject to verification and collection is only guaranteed if 
the loan returns to performing status before the next instalment debit flow is set up.    
1.3 Payment by deposit slip (MAV) 
To enable speedier recording of the amounts paid, in relation to loan instalments at other 
credit institutions and to automate the related flow, an instalment due date form has been 
produced, in standard interbank format, which allows the use of the electronic bank MAV 
circuit for the credit to the Bank of the amounts collected. 
The MAV is a deposit slip that can be paid at any bank participating in the MAV circuit 
(essentially almost all Italian banks). 
The Bank sends the slip to the customer around 30 days in advance of the instalment due date 
for loans that have half-yearly or quarterly repayments, and 20 days for those with monthly 
repayments. If the payment is made at one of the Bank’s branches, the related recording in the 
loans procedure is made in real time. If the customer makes the payment at another bank, an 
electronic data flow with all the payment details is sent via the portfolio procedure.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
In addition to the speed of transmission of the data and consequent timelier updating of the 
loans ledger, this method minimises the manual allocation of payments.   
Usually, the outcome of a payment at another bank (electronic flow) is received within 3 days 
after the payment has been made. 
If the customer does not make an instalment payment, a reminder MAV is sent for loans with 
half-yearly and quarterly repayments. 
For the other due dates and for all the payment methods, a reminder letter is sent monthly, 
summarising all the amounts owed by the customers.  
1.4 Collection by cheque or money order 
Instalments may also be paid subject to verification and collection by banker’s drafts, bank 
cheques and postal money orders. 
Also in this case, the deadline for payment without default is the date indicated on the notice 
of instalment due date, which is only produced if the payment method is not by direct debit 
(MAV).  
Cheques and money orders must be issued to the order of the Bank. However, solely for 
customers known to the Branch, credit instruments with one or more endorsements may be 
accepted, in any event in compliance with the applicable regulations. In such case, the last 
endorsement must always correspond to that of the presenting customer. 
In the event of return of unpaid or rejected cheques/money orders, the regulations require the 
Branch: 
to seek to recover from the transferor the amount of the unpaid/rejected cheque and related 
charges plus late payment interest from the instalment due date until the date of recovery; 
if the recovery is not possible, to reverse the payment in the procedure, following the 
withdrawal of any receipts issued. 
1.5. Collection by bank transfer 
If the customer makes an instalment payment by bank transfer, the collection in the procedure 
is made directly by the Operating Point. Any credits received by the MLT Loans Office are 
routed to the Branch responsible for the loan.  
If the customer goes to a Group bank other than the one where the loan is established, the 
collection of an instalment and/or the completion of an early repayment is settled centrally at 
the Group’s back office structures. With the new business plan, this case is no longer 
significant, and any credits are passed on to the branches concerned. 
The collections must be made with the value date applied to the correspondent bank. 
1.6. Collection and management for securities  
Collection 
1.6.1. Payment to the Securities Principal Collections Account and the Securities Interest 
Collections Account 
The Parties acknowledge that all sums by way of repayment of principal, payment of 
interest and other amounts due for any reason in respect of the Securities will be paid 
by Monte Titoli or Clearstream (as applicable) to the custodian bank, on the securities 
account in the name of the Transferee, through the specific segregated settlement 
account specifically opened in Monte Titoli or Clearstream. The custodian bank will 
automatically and promptly pay the sums collected:

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
• 
as repayment of principal to the Securities Principal Collections Account; 
• 
as payment of interest to the Securities Interest Collections Account. 
1.6.2 
Other payments 
If, for whatever reason, the Servicer receives Collections other than those referred to 
in point 1.8.1, the Servicer will carry out the reconciliation of the received Collections 
within 20 (twenty) calendar days from the receipt of those amounts by the Borrowers 
and will credit the related Securities Collections Account, according to whether they 
relate to principal or interest, with the amounts received and reconciled within 3 
(three) Business Days from the date of reconciliation and with value date equal to the 
date of collection by the Servicer.  
1.6.3 
Verification of payment of collections  
Subsequent to each payment date of the Securities, in accordance with the provisions 
of the respective Supporting Documents of the Securities, the Servicer must verify 
that the amounts due in respect of principal, interest and for any other reason in 
relation to the Securities have been credited in full to the related Securities Collections 
Account, according to whether they relate to principal or interest, with value date 
equal to the related payment date of the Securities in accordance with the provisions 
of the respective Supporting Documents of the Securities. 
1.7 Tolerance periods for payments 
The payment deadline for all the types of loan (monthly, quarterly, half-yearly, annual) is the 
instalment due date, regardless of the payment method used by the customer. 
If that day is a public holiday, the due date is postponed to the next business day. 
 
2. MANAGEMENT OF LOANS WITHOUT MISSED PAYMENTS 
2.1 Loan renegotiation policies 
In recent years, the loan market has seen a significant increase in the granting of 
“replacement/renegotiation” loans. 
This increase has been favoured both by structural elements, such as the liberalisation of the 
market resulting from the legislative changes introduced by the Bersani Law Decree (Law 
Decree no. 7 of 31 January 2007, converted by Law no. 40 of 2 April 2007, so-called “loan 
portability”, and elimination/reduction of full repayment penalties) – now Law Decree no. 70 
of 13 May 2011, converted with amendments by Law no. 106 of 12 July 2011 – and by 
cyclical factors connected with the trend in interest rates. 
In view of these changes in the regulatory and economic framework and the increasingly 
competitive mortgage loan market, the Bank, in compliance with its legal obligations, decided 
to undertake commercial initiatives aimed primarily at increasing its attention to the needs of 
existing customers, offering them competitive conditions and, ultimately, establishing the 
conditions for their retention. As a result, the Branches will be able to undertake retention 
actions to protect their portfolios, by renegotiating loans, without the access to those offers 
requiring proof of (i) problems with the position or (ii) clear difficulty in servicing the debt or 
(iii) the decision to fully repay the loan thanks to the new opportunities offered by the market 
under the loan portability rules. The renegotiation is authorised within the limits of the 
existing delegated powers.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
The possible solutions consist of: 
a) extension of the duration of floating-rate and fixed-rate loans: the end date of the 
repayment plan cannot exceed a duration of 40 years and, solely for Retail 
customers, a duration of 41 years and 6 months in case of exercise of the 
contractual extension options  that are provided by the products in the catalogue; 
the borrower cannot be more than 80 years old ( 81 years and 6 months in case of 
exercise of the contractual extension options  that are provided by the products in 
the catalogue ) or any different limits in force from time to time under the Parent 
Company’s policy and subject to the cases identified in point e) below;  
b) change in the indexation parameter or transformation of the loan from a floating-
rate to a fixed-rate loan and vice versa, with possible change in the frequency of 
the instalments, usually at the standard catalogue conditions in force at the time 
for the type of counterparty; 
c) renegotiation of the spread and/or fixed rate; 
d) shortening of the duration (only for Retail customers); 
e) possibility of suspending the payment of instalments on the basis of: 
- statutory or regulatory provisions, such as: 
a) the provisions contained in the Implementing Regulation (adopted by 
Ministerial Decree no. 132 of 21 June 2010) for the “Solidarity Fund” 
(so-called Gasparrini Fund) for loans for the purchase of a first home 
established by Article 2, paragraph 475 et seq. of Law no. 244/2007 
(2008 Budget Act); 
b) measures for natural disasters or humanitarian emergencies; 
- initiatives undertaken from time to time by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group in favour 
of customers or in support of credit quality; 
- contractual clauses. 
Suspensions normally have a maximum duration of 12 months, save for different terms 
specified in the agreement or on the basis of different statutory or regulatory provisions (see, 
for example, “Solidarity Fund”) with a postponement in the repayment plan and consequent 
extension of the final duration of the loan for a period corresponding to the duration of the 
suspension. 
The suspension may concern: 
- the entire instalment (principal and interest amount), in which case the interest 
accruing during the suspension will be paid, without default interest, upon resumption 
of the loan repayment according to the terms agreed with the borrower;  
- the principal amount only, in which case the borrower, during the suspension period, 
continues to pay interest calculated in accordance with the contractually agreed terms. 
Depending on the type of suspension, unpaid instalments in arrears may or may not be 
included. Specifically:

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
- 
Domus contractual suspensions cannot be initiated if there are unpaid instalments;  
- 
suspensions for natural disasters envisage the inclusion of unpaid instalments in 
arrears from the date of the event, while the unpaid instalments prior to the event remain in 
arrears and accrue default interest; 
- 
the suspensions granted by the Bank include all the unpaid instalments in arrears and 
default interest will not be due. 
The Branch – in accordance with the policy adopted from time to time by the Bank – may also 
propose to replace the loan with a new loan that meets the customer’s needs, with the option 
of subrogation in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo.  
2.2 Other exposures with forbearance measures - Forbearance policies on performing 
loans  
When the conditions are met, for regulatory and operational purposes, this category includes 
other credit exposures falling into the category of “Forborne performing exposures”, as 
defined, relating to performing counterparties.  
“Exposures with forbearance measures” are defined as loans whose original contractual terms 
have been modified and/or provide for the partial or total refinancing of the debt due to the 
customer experiencing financial difficulties that would not allow for the original contractual 
terms to be met. 
The concept of “exposures with forbearance measures” is transversal with respect to the 
classifications of non-performing and performing loans and constitutes a further element for 
defining the credit quality of the customer, supplementing and not superimposing the 
classifications in use. 
A very important aspect is the minimum period of "monitoring" to which a forborne exposure 
is subject to. This period, which differs according to the administrative risk status assigned to 
the counterparty, is 24 months in the case of performing positions (“probation period”). This 
calculation starts from the date the forbearance measures are applied. At the end of the period 
the forborne attribute may lapse, provided that the following conditions are met: 
• 
the borrower has made at least one payment within the 12th month (only for 
instalment loans); 20 
• 
the borrower has paid a significant amount of principal or interests connected with the 
check of presence of overdrafts related to the credit line  being monitored. 
Should the forbearance measure (or the set of repeated forbearance measures on the same 
credit line) granted to a performing counterparty result in a loss, in terms of Net Present Value 
(NPV), that exceeds the 1% threshold, the counterparty is automatically classified as non-
performing21. 
 
 
 
20 In case of non-payment within the 12th month, the monitoring application will automatically continue 
to verify this condition and, upon payment, will count a further 12 months from that date, necessary 
to reach the minimum period of stay in the Probation Period . 
 
21 The calculation is made by comparing the Net Present Value before and after renegotiation.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
The forborne performing from non-performing exposures require special attention. About 
these exposures if, during the probation period, at least one of these following characteristics 
occurs:  
- is subject to additional forbearance measures  
- is overdraft / past due by more than 30 days  
the exposure automatically reverts back to “forborne non-performing”, and the counterparty is 
consequently reclassified as Non-Performing. 
3. 
MANAGEMENT 
PROCESS 
FOR 
PROACTIVE 
CREDIT 
AND 
NON-
PERFORMING LOANS 
3.1. Proactive Credit 
Proactive Credit is defined as the series of processes that refer to loans to customers that have 
potential problem issues, that have not yet openly manifested themselves, but could, if not 
promptly resolved, later lead to contractual default with consequent deterioration in the 
quality of the risks undertaken by the Bank. If the default occurs, depending on its seriousness 
and duration, it could subsequently result in a classification of the whole position as Non-
Performing Loan. 
 
3.1.1 Proactive Credit Management Processes 
The processes for managing Proactive Credit represent the model dedicated to the 
management of customers that present potential problems and aim to identify and promptly 
intervene in respect of these anomalies when they first become apparent. This model is based 
on certain guiding principles: 
• 
making the Branch responsible for controlling positions;  
• 
differentiating processes in relation to the regulatory segment; 
• 
the establishment of both peripheral and central dedicated Structures, which intervene in 
the process based on the increasing seriousness of the risk represented;  
• 
rendering processes and credit management more efficient with the consequent 
simplification of the workflow and required activities, focusing on a practicable solution 
for the anomalies detected; 
• 
revision of detection criteria to ensure greater efficiency and effectiveness in the new 
processes, wherever possible anticipating the identification of events that could result in 
positions' deteriorating; 
• 
revision of the detection systems from the perspective of fully automating both the input 
and output from the process, thus reducing subjective assessment to a minimum; 
• 
integrating processes with Early Warning (EW) detection systems to make detection more 
predictive and anticipate the intervention even further;  
• 
the use of rating to support decision-making activities;

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
• 
the use of a dedicated structure, for customers belonging to the Retail (RE) regulatory 
segment, that has instruments and processes for the independent offering of negotiated 
solutions and the use of external companies specialised in recovery.    
As mentioned, in order to manage detected customers, Proactive Credit relies on dedicated 
structures at the Lending departments of the Regional Governance Centres of the BdT (Banca 
dei Territori) Division and CLO (Chief Lending Officer) Area, with the task of providing 
support to the Network in managing customers that present the first signs of difficulty. 
The objective of the processes included in the scope of Proactive Credit is to manage detected 
customers promptly and optimally. These are broken down according to the regulatory 
segment as follows: 
• 
Corporate and Corporate SME Process (extended to Retail SME positions under the 
responsibility of the CLO area and to Banks and Non-Banking Financial Institutions 
Process); 
• 
Retail SME Process (positions under the responsibility of the Regional Governance 
Centres);  
• 
Retail Process. 
The detection system is guided by the Early Warning system, which uses the calculation of a 
series of indicators to classify credit positions in relation to the counterparty's deterioration 
status; this status is represented/summarised using colour coding (traffic light signalling). The 
outputs from the calculation engine are differentiated according to the type of model: 
• 
Green, pale green, yellow, orange, red for counterparties with regulatory segment 
Corporate and Corporate SME; 
• 
Green, Yellow, Red with regulatory segment Retail (RE); 
• 
Green, pale green, orange, red for the remaining counterparties. 
 
In both cases are also present the light blue and dark blue results. 
The counterparties detected in the Proactive Credit process are:  
- 
for the Retail (RE) regulatory segment, counterparties with a Yellow and Red light in 
the presence of overdrafts 22; 
- 
for the Retail SME regulatory segment, counterparties with an Orange and Red light 
generated by “evident” critical issues 23,;  
- 
for the Banking and Non-Banking Financial Institutions regulatory segments, 
counterparties with Orange and Red light; 
- 
for the Corporate and Corporate SME regulatory segment, counterparties with Pale 
green, Yellow, Orange and Red. 
 
 
 
22  It’s necessary to consider the event of overdrafts of an individual  customer on a  single bank > o 
euro and an overdraft above the threshold of 50 euro for counterpart and for more than 5 days..  
23  Evident critical issues means an overdue unpaid amount (overdue instalment) or an overdraft of a 
current account

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
It should be noted that Retail SME, Corporate, Banks and Non-Banking Financial Institutions 
customers, with a Forborne approval certified by the competent head-office structures of the 
CLO Area, are handled under Proactive Management. 
 
3.1.2 Proactive Credit management phases 
 
The Proactive Credit processes are broken down into management phases, which also differ 
according to the type of process/customer segment. 
A) For Corporate, Corporate SME, Retail SME (under the responsibility of the CLO 
Area), and Banks and Non-Banking Financial Institutions customers, the process 
involves two different types of management paths: 
• 
 the “Proactive and Overdrawn – Branch” workflow, which is activated in the event of 
EWS system outcome Pale Green and Yellow (Corporate and SME Corporate 
segments), Orange with clear critical issues (SME Retail segment) and Orange (other 
segments), i.e. counterparties with less serious signals risk; 
• 
 the “Proactive and Overdrawn” workflow (specialist management), which is 
activated in the event of EWS system outcome being Orange or Red (Corporate and 
SME Corporate segments), Red with clear critical issues (SME Retail segment) and 
Red (other segments).  
 
In the first case: 
- the branch/relationship manager has the task of analysing the position and contacting the 
customer with the aim of defining the reasons underlying the detection of the position and the 
most effective strategy for regularizing the position, possibly through the identification of a 
specific negotiated solution (in this case the relevant proposal and approval process starts); 
- the specialist of the credit structure (Regional Management or CLO Area based on the 
perimeter assigned) must support the branch/manager (if necessary) in defining the strategy 
and he may also decide to manage the position directly; the manager also has the task of 
monitoring the execution of the actions initiated and the measures adopted, with the 
possibility of modifying the strategy, restarting the process or evaluating the transition of the 
positions to a worsening risk state. 
 
In the second case: 
- the branch/relationship manager must analyse the position and contact the customer, collect 
the necessary documentation for managing the position and propose, within 30 days of 
interception, an adequate strategy for resolving the identified problems; 
- the specialist of the credit structure (Regional Management or CLO Area based on the 
assigned 
perimeter) 
must 
analyse 
the 
manager's 
proposal 
through 
the 
information/documentary set provided in support, validate or modify the proposed strategy 
and manage the implementation of the action undertaken; the specialist must then also 
monitor the actions initiated and the measures adopted, with the possibility of modifying the 
strategy, restarting the process or evaluating the transition of the positions to a worsening risk 
state.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
The credit structure involved in the process is identified as follows: 
- exposures of less than 15 million euros of RWA: the positions fall within the scope of the 
Regional Directorates of the BdT Division (Credit Value Protection structure); 
- exposures exceeding 15 million euros of RWA: the positions fall within the scope of the 
Central Credit Value Management Department of the CLO Area (for customers of the 
Corporate & Investment Banking Division the activities are always carried out by the 
dedicated structures of the Area CLO). 
 
The goal of both these  management paths is to eliminate any critical issues from the 
perspective of continuing relations with the counterparty, and assisting the latter to avoid 
sliding into non-performing status. 
Positions that are not regularised remain classified under their status until a subjective 
classification assessment is made to move them to a higher risk status, with the relevant 
request submitted to the competent management functions. Positions also exit their status with 
worsening risk should objective deterioration conditions become evident (condition for 
classification as Non-performing past due exposures, recording a dark blue prejudicial reading 
etc.), resulting in the automatic classification to past due or unlikely to pay. 
Consequently, performing positions that are automatically assigned a high risk level that is 
confirmed over time or that present early predictive signs of potential difficulties, are 
promptly and automatically detected in the Proactive Management processes. 
For the purposes of credit quality, these positions are to all effects classified as "performing" 
and the responsibility for their management remains with the organisational structure that the 
counterparty is assigned to.  
The initiation and exit of proactive credit processes mainly occur automatically,  but it also 
exist the possibility to manually classify positions to "Proactive Management" status if critical 
issues not automatically intercepted are detected. 
 
B) For the Retail SME customers under the responsibility of the Regional Governance 
Centres, in view of their lower complexity and the higher number of counterparties involved, 
the process involves a more systematic approach with a guided operational workflow and 
direct involvement of the specialist “Retail SME Remediation” structures established within 
the Regional Governance Centres. 
The process involves: 
• 
the allocation to the “Branch Management” phase (“first processing”) of positions 
with an “evident” EWS Orange light; 
• 
the allocation to the centralised “Specialist Management” phase (“direct 
remediation”) of positions with an “evident” EWS Red light. 
In the first case: 
- 
the Branch/manager responsible for the commercial relationship is tasked with 
analysing the position and contacting the customer with the aim of defining, where 
possible, the regularisation of the position, where applicable using a negotiated

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
solution (in which case the relationship manager initiates the approval process in 
coordination with the specialist structure of the Regional Governance Centre, which 
monitors its progress); 
- 
positions for which it is not possible to identify a solution or the assessment/proposal 
phase is not completed within 30 days of detection, are automatically transferred by 
the system to “Specialist Management” (“second processing”) for centralised 
management. 
In the second case, the competent structure of the Regional Governance Centre centrally 
manages the position, carrying out the analysis, acquiring the necessary supporting 
documentation, and contacting the customer to identify the most appropriate negotiated 
solution (in which case the related approval process is carried out) or, where applicable, to 
move the position to a higher risk status. Thereafter, the position remains in a specific 
monitoring phase in order to verify the effectiveness of the solution adopted. 
C) For Retail customers, a specific “Retail Positions Management” Process (also known as 
“Pulse”) has been developed and progressively implemented by the Chief Lending Officer 
Governance Area. 
The process manages customers in the Retail segment with predefined characteristics 
transversally, developing uniform and specialist methods for contact and proposal of 
negotiated regularisation measures.  
 
The scope managed includes both performing counterparties detected by the EWS scoring 
engine at the first signs of difficulties (overdue amounts and/or arrears in debt repayment) and 
those that have subsequently “slid” into non-performing status (Past Due or Unlikely to Pay).  
 
The main features of the Retail Management Process are: 
• 
differentiated process for Retail customers (RE segment) depending on the 
characteristics of the position and the customer, also using external resources.  
• 
use of advanced routing based on the EWS Retail model.  
• 
structured, centralised and highly automated management process, with actions 
differentiated according to the risk level of the position, defined on the basis of 
management guidelines, with governance by a specialist unit. 
• 
progressive customer contact actions, i.e. telephone reminders and collection 
activities at the customer’s premises. 
• 
Overall management of all customer relationships at Group level.  
• 
extensive use of negotiated solutions for customer regularisation, for positions 
considered “eligible”, implemented by a dedicated structure of the Bank. 
• 
integrated, single and, where possible, automated and outsourced procedures 
• 
continuous monitoring of the management through dedicated reporting 
• 
continuous interaction of counterparties with the Bank’s internal specialist 
structures 
• 
dedicated workflows and differentiated contact tools, with decision-making engines 
and standardisable supporting products 
• 
customer clustering from a management perspective 
• 
an algorithm for selecting the most appropriate negotiated solution.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
• 
provision of a single management platform with integration and interaction between 
the management and recovery features within the new tool 
The governance of the Retail Management Process is the responsibility of the Retail 
Management Support function, which oversees and monitors the activities carried out by 
Pulse, the Outsourcers and Remediation, and provides cross-functional strategic support and 
coordination of all the structures. The process and the information exchanges with the 
Partners are managed through the Retail Management Portal (PGR), which is the application 
that the detected relationships flow into and that establishes the transitions between the 
various operational and management phases and incorporates the results of the activities 
carried out through the service platforms (Collection and Formalisation).  
Based on predefined rules relating to the characteristics of the customer, the products owned 
and the objective critical issues detected (risk level), an evolved algorithm (the Routing 
Engine) allocates the counterparties to the various players in the process, including the 
relationship Branches.  
This activity is transversal with respect to the administrative status of the customers (i.e. 
regardless of whether the position is classified as performing or non-performing). 
 
The credit granting and management powers are centralised in the Remediation function of 
the Credit Value Control Head Office Department, while customer relations through telephone 
contacts (Phone Collection) are mainly entrusted to the corresponding Pulse Function and to 
external suppliers, the Outsourcers specialised in the collection from borrowers, which also 
carry out home visits (Home Collection).  
The Remediation function then: 
• 
carries out the end-to-end management of the most critical positions (i.e. from 
contact with the customer and identification of the negotiated solution to the 
assessment and approval) 
• 
processes the assigned portfolio according to predefined management phases, 
focusing on renegotiation and the exercise of the credit powers 
• 
carries out the credit assessment and approval for the negotiated solutions proposed 
by Pulse or the Branches 
• 
carries out the classification (also on a bulk basis) to Unlikely to Pay or Bad Loan 
status of positions that cannot be regularised. 
The Retail Management Support function, in addition to overseeing and monitoring the 
entire process: 
 
• 
collects and routes the proposals for negotiated solutions channelled by the 
Outsourcers (both to the ordinary platform and to the Formalisation Platform); 
• 
monitors the finalisation of the negotiated solutions agreed by the other players in the 
process and channelled onto the Bank’s ordinary platforms and manages the 
centralised finalisation of the negotiated solutions (suspensions and renegotiations) 
established in the Formalisation Platform by the Pulse and Remediation functions. 
 
One of the players in the process is a phone collection and assessment unit within the Bank 
called Pulse, which maintains “direct contact with customers, according to standardised 
processing cycles (e.g., assignment to specific profiles in the collection unit) focused on 
proposed solutions for normalising loans”, using specifically developed workflows, tools, 
decision-making engines and products.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
Pulse then carries out the following: 
• 
first telephone contact and interview with customers 
• 
identification and simulation of negotiated solutions 
• 
sustainability check of identified solutions 
• 
preparation and sending of restructuring/suspension applications 
• 
updating of data on the basis of documentation received. 
To carry out their activities, both Pulse and Remediation use a number of dedicated 
applications that allow them to promptly identify possible situations of financial difficulty of 
Retail customers and centrally manage a large part of any restructuring operations, reducing 
the involvement of the Sales Network. 
Commercial partnerships have also been initiated with the aim of outsourcing the collection 
activities to partners specialised in both telephone and home credit recovery, in order to 
improve the efficiency of the management of customers with past due amounts and/or in 
arrears (as detailed in the next chapter).  
The outsourcing of these activities has been declared an Important Operational Function 
(ICF), also in light of the Bank of Italy guidelines.   
The allocations are made based on batches created daily by the procedure, and the duration of 
the management depends on the different recovery phases (30 to 90 days).  
With regard to the positions allocated, and up to the end of the assignment, the External 
Partner takes care of:  
• 
the regular and frequent contact with the customer based on the instructions 
provided by the internal structure 
• 
the recovery activities 
• 
gathering customer interest in renegotiating, restructuring or consolidating loans in 
the later phases of the process 
• 
providing daily feedback on the outcomes of the activities carried out.  
The Outsourcers do not directly negotiate and/or propose restructuring products, but only 
gather customer interest in possible negotiated solutions that are established and approved by 
the Remediation Function.  
The agreement type adopted complies with the provisions of Bank of Italy Circular 285/2013 
and, based on the activity carried out, all the Partners are subject to the regulations pursuant to 
Article 115 of the Consolidated Law on Public Safety (TULPS), are licensed by the Police 
Commissioner and are supervised by the Ministry of the Interior. Their operations are 
regulated, in terms of form and procedures, by the code of ethics of the industry (UNIREC) 
and by national privacy regulations.  
 
The Branch Relationship Manager also plays a role in the process: 
• 
providing support to the contact unit for the in-depth customer analysis 
• 
maintaining customer relations for special cases (e.g. personal)  
• 
working with customers, leveraging their view over all the management phases of 
their branch, both internal or outsourced, and liaising with the specialist for the 
actions to be taken in the branch (e.g. meetings with customers) 
• 
formalising the negotiated solutions adopted. 
3.1.3 “Retail Positions Management” Process - Outsourced Management     
As mentioned above, for the out-of-court recovery of Proactive Credit and Non-Performing 
Loans not in bad loan status, and specifically for the process known as “Retail Positions

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
Management” (RE regulatory segment), Intesa Sanpaolo not only uses the Bank’s competent 
internal structures, but also specialist external companies that meet the necessary regulatory 
requirements. 
The partnership is governed by separate contractual conditions, as described in detail in the 
commercial partnership agreement (“Partnership Agreement”) signed with the external 
companies. 
In general, the external company carries out the services incumbent on it, organising and 
managing, at its own expense and as part of its independent management, all factors and 
productive resources. 
Subject to the provisions of the Partnership Agreement, the external company represents and 
warrants that it has – and will have for the entire duration of the Partnership Agreement – the 
necessary authorisations, licences and permits for carrying out its business activities and that 
it will perform its obligations with the utmost professionalism and diligence and in accordance 
with the regulations in force from time to time, as well as the agreed “General and Specific 
Terms and Conditions”. 
The Service specifically involves the following activities: 
 
• 
Phone Collection: understood as out-of-court credit recovery activities carried out 
through contacts by telephone.   
 
This activity is divided into two consecutive phases (Phone Collection 1 and Phone Collection 
2), depending on the criticality of the customer. The mandate for the management of the cases, 
for the recovery activities, lasts thirty days starting from the date of the assignment, except for 
extensions concerning the individual cases assigned, which must be agreed upon from time to 
time.  
 
The assignment period may then be changed, on an exceptional basis, upon assessment by the 
Bank, which will notify the external company specifically stating the new end date of the 
assignment, also by means of a specific entry within the Management Portal. 
 
The activities that the external company performs in the Phone Collection phase include but 
are not limited to the following:  
▪ 
notification of the problem to the customer; 
▪ 
request for regularisation and guidance on how to accomplish it; 
▪ 
notification of the possibility of a negotiated solution, subject to creditworthiness 
assessment by the Bank; 
▪ 
gathering an expression of interest from the customer to identify a regularisation 
strategy with the Bank; 
▪ 
directing the customer to the Bank’s structure responsible for implementing the 
negotiated solution. 
 
• 
Home Collection: understood as out-of-court credit recovery activities that include a 
home visit by the external company to the third-party borrower. This activity is divided into 
three consecutive phases (Home Collection 1, Home Collection 2, and Home Collection 3), 
depending on the criticality of the customer. The mandate for the management of the cases, 
for the recovery activities, lasts sixty days for the Home Collection 1 and Home Collection 2 
phases and ninety days for the Home Collection 3 phase, starting from the date of the 
assignment, except for extensions concerning the individual cases assigned, which must be 
agreed upon from time to time.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
The assignment period may then be changed, on an exceptional basis, upon assessment and 
order by the Bank, which will notify the external company specifically stating the new end 
date of the assignment, also by means of a specific entry within the Management Portal. 
 
The activities that the external company performs in the Home Collection phases include but 
are not limited to the following:  
 
a. notification of the problem to the customer; 
b. request for regularisation and guidance on how to accomplish it;  
c. notification of the possibility of accessing negotiated solutions, subject to 
creditworthiness assessment by the Bank;  
d. gathering an expression of interest from the customer to identify a 
regularisation strategy with the Bank; 
e. directing the customer to the Bank’s structure responsible for implementing 
the negotiated solution. 
 
The Service consists of performing the Phone Collection and/or Home Collection activities 
for the out-of-court recovery of unpaid amounts falling into the following categories: 
 
- 
amounts due relating to past due and unpaid instalments;  
- 
past due and unpaid amounts;  
- 
amounts due relating to default interest;  
- 
amounts due referring to current account drawdowns without a credit line or 
exceeding the credit line granted;  
- 
amounts due for expenses and ancillary costs and any other amount payable with 
regard to the outstanding credits, for which the assignment has been awarded.  
 
The mandate granting process, and therefore the creation of the assignment batches that 
allocate the mandate to operate, takes place on a daily basis, and the management process is 
also supported by a dedicated IT procedure that, also on a daily basis, provides details of the 
recovery actions implemented by the external companies and specific monitoring of the 
progress of the positions outsourced for collection. 
The partnership agreement for the provision of out-of-court credit recovery activities, signed 
with the external companies, includes the establishment of specific operational SLAs and 
management KPIs. 
 
In particular, the service levels are distinguished between “High Importance” and “Medium 
Importance”. 
The main “High Importance” service levels concern: 
 
• 
Misappropriation/delay in delivery of securities 
• 
Substantiated complaints/disputes regarding privacy and anti-money laundering 
breaches 
• 
Failure to comply with the rules laid down by the Data Protection Authority  
• 
Alleged aggressive behaviour towards customers 
 
The main “Medium Importance” service levels concern:

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
• 
Timely initiation of telephone and home recovery activities 
• 
Timely completion of activities 
• 
Timely issuance of invoices according to the operational instructions given 
 
Failure to comply with the Service Levels may result in the application of specific 
penalties/actions that differ based on both the type of Service Level not met and the extent of 
the breach. 
In addition, the Bank, over the time necessary for the governance of the outsourced process, 
will constantly monitor the performance indicators (management KPIs) that underpin the 
commission model and form the basis for assigning the positions to the different phases, 
including but not limited to: 
 
• 
net performance (amounts collected/amounts assigned): the ratio of the volumes of 
amounts collected (excluding amounts of expected collections, due beyond the 
mandate) relating to all the relationships within the scope to the volumes of past due 
amounts for that scope of relationships; 
• 
regularisations: for instalment-based products, number of agreements that have no 
past due and unpaid instalments at the end of the assignment; for current account 
overdrafts, agreements with a final overdraft amount of zero; 
• 
redemption: percentage of cases with fewer past due and unpaid instalments at the end 
of the assignment than at the beginning of the assignment out of the total number of 
cases assigned; 
• 
management duration: average duration of the management of cases. 
 
3.2 Non-Performing Loans 
For the purposes of identifying and classifying non performing financial assets, the Bank has 
implemented the provisions of Circular n.272 of 30 July 2008 of the Bank of Italy and the 
following updates ( Circular 272 ) and the EBA Guidelines  about the default definition ( 
following the article 178 of the Regulation EU n.575/2013 of the European Parliament and the 
Council ( EBA/GL2016/07 -Guidelines ). 
The different types of credit status that come under the above-mentioned category of “non-
performing financial assets”, with reference to the borrower’s overall exposure, are discussed 
below. 
“Non-performing financial assets” consist of on-balance-sheet assets (loans and debt 
securities) and off-balance-sheet assets24 (guarantees provided, irrevocable and revocable 
commitments to disburse funds, etc.) with borrowers:  
1) which present material exposures which are more than 90 days past due, or 
 
 
24 An “off-balance-sheet” transaction is considered non-performing if, when used, it can give rise to 
an exposure that has the risk of not being fully repaid, while complying with the contractual 
conditions. In any event, the guarantees must be classified as non-performing if the guaranteed 
exposure meets the conditions for being classified as non-performing.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
2) for which payment of the credit obligations in full without the enforcement of 
guarantees is considered unlikely, regardless of the existence of any past due 
amount or of the number of days past due.  
This is irrespective of whether there are any (collateral or personal) guarantees securing the 
assets. “Non-performing financial assets” do not include financial instruments within the 
“Financial assets held for trading” portfolio and derivatives. 
The Bank has chosen to adopt a “Single Borrower” approach for the identification of non-
performing loans. 
“Non-performing financial assets” are classified into the following categories, based on the 
principle of increasing severity: 
• 
Non-performing past due exposures  
• 
Unlikely to Pay 
• 
Bad Loans 
For the purposes of the classification as default, the European provisions on the subject (the 
“new definition of default”) are applied, with reference, in particular, to the EBA guidelines 
on the application of the definition of default under Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013. 
Once again in accordance with regulations, the definition of “Non-performing exposures with 
forbearance measures" was added to provide detail on the categories of non-performing loans 
at the level of specific exposure. 
Non-performing financial assets are subject to measurement for financial reporting, analytical-
statistical or analytical purposes. 
The measurement process for non-performing loans held by counterparties and classified as 
Past Due Exposures, Unlikely to Pay and Bad Loans, in accordance with reference accounting 
standards and the regulatory framework, results from the presence of objective signs of 
impairment, that support the view that the amount contractually expected from each asset is 
not fully recoverable. 
Generally, the loans classified: 
•    among the Non-Performing Past Due (regardless of the exposure amount) and those 
classified under Unlikely to Pay and Bad Loans (for an amount not exceeding the 
predefined relevance threshold, currently at 2,000,000 euro), are subject to analytical-
statistical measurement. This measurement is based on the application of specific Loss 
Given Default statistical tables to which the different Add-on components are added to 
take into account the management variables and forward-looking information relating to 
macroeconomic scenarios and the continuation of the risk status; 
•     among the Unlikely to Pay and Bad Loans (both above the relevance threshold of 
2,000,000 euro), are subject to an analytical-specific measurement process based on a 
quali-quantitative analysis of the counterparty’s economic, asset and financial position. 
The loss forecasts are formulated analytically by type of exposure, on the basis of the

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
implied risk level of the type of financing provided and of the correlated level of 
dependence on possible mitigating factors (guarantees). 
3.2.1 Non-Performing Past Due Exposures  
This category includes the on-balance sheet exposures other than those subsequently defined 
as bad loans or unlikely to pay, which at the reference reporting date, were past due for over 
90 days. 
The total exposure to a borrower must be recognised as past due if, at the reference reporting 
date, the amount of the principal, interest and/or fees not paid when due exceeds both of the 
following thresholds (hereinafter, collectively, the "Relevance Thresholds"): 
a) the absolute limit of 100 euro for retail exposures and of 500 euro for non-retail exposures 
(the “Absolute Threshold”), to be compared with the total amount past due from the 
borrower; 
b) the relative limit of 1%, to be compared with the ratio of the total amount past due to the 
total amount of all recognised exposures to the same borrower25 (the “Relative 
Threshold”). 
Classification to this status occurs automatically, at the level of the Banking Group, when a 
situation of past due exposure above the Relevance Thresholds persists over a period of over 
90 consecutive days. 
Classification to this status also occurs automatically due to the contagion of the default status 
from joint account holders to the jointly held account or from the jointly held account to joint 
account holders according to specific rules as explained in the related paragraph. 
 
3.2.2 Unlikely to Pay 
This category includes all of a borrower's on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures, 
when in the bank's opinion it is unlikely that the borrower will be able to fully meet the credit 
obligations (for principal and/or interest), without recourse to action such as the enforcement 
of the guarantees. This assessment is independent of the presence of any past due or unpaid 
amounts (or instalments). 
It is therefore not necessary to wait for an explicit symptom of a problem (for example, the 
default), when there are factors that point towards a situation of risk of default by the 
borrower (for example, a crisis in the borrower’s industry sector). The combination of the on-
balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures in respect of the same borrower in the above-
mentioned situation is referred to as "unlikely to pay", unless the conditions apply for the 
borrower to be classified under bad loans. 
Unlikely to pay positions also include the overall exposures to issuers that have not duly 
honoured their payment commitments (principal and/or interest) in relation to listed debt 
securities. To this end, the "grace period" stipulated in the contract is recognised or failing 
this, the period recognised for the listed securities market. 
The unlikely to pay category also includes the overall exposures to borrowers that have 
submitted an application for arrangement with articles 40 et seq. of the Business Crisis and 
Insolvency Code), which must be reported from the date of submission of the application and 
until the outcome of the request is known, this is the moment from which the classifications of 
 
 
25 When calculating the relative limit, account must be taken, in both the numerator and denominator, of 
exposures sold but not derecognised for financial reporting purposes to the same borrower of the bank 
and intermediaries included in the prudential scope of consolidation. Equity exposures are excluded.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
the exposures should be done following the ordinary regulation. This is without prejudice to 
the fact that the exposures in question are classified under bad loans when: a) new objective 
elements arise that lead the intermediaries based on their independent responsibility, to 
classify the borrower in this category; b) the exposures were already under bad loans at the 
time the application was submitted. 
The same criteria apply to credit exposures to borrowers subject to over indebtedness crisis 
resolution procedures pursuant to articles 65 et seq. of the Code.  
If the arrangement with creditors with the business continuing (art.84 articles 2 and 3 of the 
Code) as a going concern is implemented with the sale of the enterprise in operation or it is 
transferred to one or more companies (including newly-established companies) that do not 
belong to the borrower's economic group, the exposure is reclassified under Performing 
assets. 
This option is precluded however in the case of a sale or transfer to a company belonging to 
the borrower's same economic group, on the presumption that the parent/holding company 
was involved in the decision-making process resulting in the latter submitting the application 
for an arrangement with creditors in the interests of the entire group. In this situation, the 
exposure to the transferring company continues to be recorded under non-performing assets; it 
is also recognised under non-performing exposures with forbearance measures. 
Positions classified as Unlikely to Pay are divided into: 
- positions under internal management, i.e. in portfolios held at the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s 
organisational units and managed by the competent management structures; 
- positions under joint management, i.e. in portfolios held at the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s 
organisational units and assigned under joint management to the CLO Area contact 
structures and to a third-party company. 
The processing phases for the positions classified as Unlikely to Pay, regardless of the 
competent management structure, are supported and tracked through a specific application. 
The following positions automatically fall under "Unlikely to Pay": 
- in the “Expiring Past Due” status, when the expiry of that status has been exceeded and the 
related materiality threshold has become greater than 5%; 
- positions presenting a group administrative status that for more than 30 consecutive days is 
at “Unlikely to Pay” or “Bad Loan” and with exposure classified under one of the above, 
equal to or above 20% of the total exposure at banking group level (excluding positions 
that at single Bank/Group Company level present an exposure below 1,000 euro); 
- positions with the status “Forborne Unlikely to Pay” with the lapsing of the 90 consecutive 
days of past due above the threshold; 
- which have one of the following prejudicial events, namely judicial liquidation, arrangement 
with creditors, arrangement with minor creditors, extraordinary administration, compulsory 
administrative liquidation, arrangement in judicial liquidation proceedings, controlled 
receivership, and insolvency proceedings; 
-  due to the contagion of the default status from joint account holders to the jointly held 
account or from the jointly held account to joint account holders according to specific rules 
as detailed in the related paragraph.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
For management purposes among the “Unlikely to pay” category there is an additional 
unlikely to pay category called “Forborne Unlikely to Pay”26, which includes counterparties 
that have at least one exposure subject to duly observed forbearance measures or that remain 
in the risk status pending the completion of the legally imposed Cure Period (minimum of 12 
months). 
The following positions automatically fall under "Forborne Unlikely to Pay": 
- Performing Forborne positions, transferred from non-performing status, subject to 
subsequent forbearance measures on the same credit line of the previous intervention during 
the Probation Period; 
- Performing Forborne positions, transferred from non-performing status, with past due 
amount for over 30 consecutive days (applying a minimum tolerance threshold and with 
verification conducted on the forborne line) occurring during the Probation Period; 
- Forborne flagged positions, transferred from Bad Loan status closed with residual existing 
credit lines/drawdowns; 
- Non-performing past due exposures, where forbearance measures were granted with the past 
due brought down to zero or for less than 30 days or under the threshold; 
- positions presenting a group administrative status that for more than 30 consecutive days is 
at “Forborne Unlikely to Pay” and with exposure classified under said status equal to or 
above 20% of the total exposure at banking group level (excluding positions that at single 
Bank/Group Company level present an exposure below 1,000 euro); 
- performing counterparties, if the calculation of the Diminished Obligation (in the case of a 
new forborne classification) – at the time of the transaction is completed on the reference 
legacy application – produces a value above a threshold set at 1%. 
The Decision-Making Body can undertake a manual classification to "Unlikely to Pay" at any 
time if in accordance with regulations, this classification best represents the deterioration in 
the borrower's creditworthiness. In addition, the manual classification also takes place if the 
relevance threshold (5%) of the overall economic loss related to the sale of a credit obligation 
is exceeded. 
 
3.2.3 Observation period for non-performing past due exposures and unlikely-to-pay 
exposures 
Non-performing exposures must continue to be classified as such until at least three months 
have elapsed (the Probation Period) from the moment they no longer meet the conditions to be 
classified among non-performing past due exposures or unlikely-to-pay exposures, as the case 
may be. 
 
 
26 Status where the LGD tables are applied adjusted to the exposures' risk levels.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
Counterparties classified to the “Forborne Unlikely to Pay” category represent an exception: 
for such counterparties, the application of the 12-month Cure Period, during which they will 
be prevented from being reclassified as performing even if they have overcome their financial 
difficulties, prevails.  
During the Probation Period, the counterparty's behaviour must be assessed in the light of its 
financial situation (in particular by verifying the absence of past due amounts exceeding the 
Relevance Thresholds27). 
 
3.2.4 Effect of classification on other parties 
Any contagion effects must be taken into consideration when the occurrence of an event that 
results in classification to a worse risk status of a counterparty belonging to a group may have 
repercussions in terms of the potential default for other parties within the same group. 
In the light of the consequences (in terms of materiality) that the classification of a 
counterparty may have on the ability of other group entities to discharge their debt, it is 
determined whether the event is to be considered a negative symptom or a detrimental event, 
with the related consequences.  
Any consequences of the classification of a counterparty for other parties therefore presuppose 
a distinct legal and financial separation between them. Specifically, in the event of 
relationships formed with a sole partnership and the natural person that operates it, given the 
absence of distinct legal personality, classification to non-performing loans will apply to the 
overall exposure. 
With exclusive reference to counterparties included among retail exposures (Retail and Retail 
SME segments) that are connected to counterparties classified as unlikely to pay or non-
performing past due exposures, automatic classification criteria apply where accounts are 
jointly held and certain conditions have been met.  
In particular, in the case of the classification of a jointly held account among non-performing 
exposures, the exposures of the individual joint account holders will also be classified 
automatically, unless at least one of the following conditions is met: 
a) the delay in payment is the consequence of a dispute between the joint account 
holders that has been presented to a judge or has been raised in other out-of-court 
mediation proceedings whose outcome will result in a binding decision and there 
are no concerns regarding the individual joint account holders' financial 
situations.  
b) the credit obligation attributable to the jointly held account represents an 
insignificant portion28 of the joint account holder’s total exposure.  
 
 
27 In particular, if a past due amount exceeds 5 consecutive days, calculated from the date when both 
Relevance Thresholds are exceeded, the number of days in the Probation Period is reduced to zero. The 
count of the three months of the Probation Period will resume on the first day on which the past due 
amount returns below at least one of the two Relevance Thresholds. 
 
28 The term "insignificant portion of the joint account holder's total exposure" refers to the circumstance 
in which the jointly held account exposure does not exceed 20% of the joint account holder's exposure 
for a period of at least 10 consecutive days.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
Vice-versa, in the event of classification among the non-performing loans of all individual 
joint obligors, the joint obligation is automatically classified as Non Performing. 
Except for the foregoing cases of automatic classification, it will nonetheless be necessary to 
assess the effects that classification of a jointly held account as non-performing may have on 
the individual joint account holders and on any other relationships jointly held with third 
parties attributable to them.  
3.3 Non-performing exposures with forbearance measures - Forbearance policies on 
non-performing loans 
 
Individual on-balance sheet exposures and revocable and irrevocable commitments to disburse 
funds that, according to the circumstances, come under the bad loans, unlikely-to-pay 
exposures or non-performing past due exposures categories, and that are subject to 
forbearance measures are referred to as “Non-performing exposures with forbearance 
measures".  
 
Such exposures do not form an independent category of non-performing assets but are 
included in one of the classifications of non-performing loans, as the case may be. 
 
Forbearance measures do not include arrangements – reached between the borrower and a 
pool of lending banks – as a result of which the existing credit lines are temporarily “frozen” 
with a view to being formally restructured.  
For restructuring operations carried out by a pool of banks, those who do not subscribe to the 
restructuring agreement are required to verify whether the conditions are met for classifying 
their exposure under bad loans or unlikely-to-pay exposures. 
Exposures to borrowers that have submitted an application for arrangement with creditors 
with rights reserved to file ancillary documents at a later date must be classified under non-
performing exposures with forbearance measures when the application for the arrangement 
with creditors has been converted into a debt restructuring arrangement pursuant to Article 57 
of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code.  
Also in the event of approval of an application for an arrangement with creditors with the 
business continuing as a going concern, the exposure must be recognised under non-
performing exposures with forbearance measures, except for the cases described above of sale 
of the enterprise in operation or its transfer into one or more companies (including newly-
established companies) that do not belong to the borrower’s economic group, where the 
exposure must be reclassified under performing assets, provided that the buyer/transferee is 
not already classified under the non-performing exposures at the time of the sale/transfer. 
Before the forborne classification of non-performing counterparty exposures with forbearance 
measures can be removed, a minimum period of 36 months must elapse for positions 
classified as non-performing, consisting of: 
- 
a minimum period of 12-month Cure Period, calculated from the date the forbearance 
measure is applied or, if later, from the date the status becomes non-performing. It 
should be noted that if the restructuring agreement classified as a forbearance measure 
provides for a Grace Period during which payments are suspended, the calculation of 
the days in the Cure Period will start from the date the customer resumes making 
payments (i.e. the date the suspension or Grace Period ends). During the Cure Period, 
the counterparty will be prevented from being reclassified as performing even if they 
have overcome their financial difficulties. During the Cure Period a check must be 
done to verify that the scheduled payments on the credit line covered by the 
forbearance measure are regularly being made by looking for any continuous past due

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
payments. If a past due amount exceeds 30 consecutive days calculated from the date 
when both of the following materiality thresholds are exceeded: 
a) Absolute thresholds: 100 euro for Retail (RE segment) positions and 500 euro 
for all other segments 
b) Relative threshold: 1% of the exposure of the credit line being monitored 
 
the number of accumulated monitoring days at that date is reset to zero. The count 
will resume on the first day on which the past due amount returns below at least one 
of the two thresholds referred to in points a) and b).  
 
At the end of the 12 months, the position may be reclassified as performing (by means 
of a specific resolution29), provided that: 
- 
the borrower does not have any past due amounts 
- 
the borrower has paid a significant amount of principal and interest30 
- 
more in general, the criteria for counterparties to return to performing status 
have been met 
- 
an additional 24-month Probation Period, starting from the date the counterparty is 
reclassified to performing status. During this period, exposures are identified in a 
special category called “forborne performing from non-performing”. At the end of the 
24-month Probation Period, the exposure may exit from monitoring – and thus the 
forborne classification may be removed – provided that the above conditions are met 
(3.4 Renegotiation policies for loans not in line with payments 
3.4.1 Renegotiation of loans with payments in arrears – Retail 
Customers holding mortgage loans/unsecured loans that present at least one arrear in payment 
may request the renegotiation of the interest rate and/or duration of the repayment plan.  
With regard to positions classified as Proactive Credit, Non-performing past due exposures, 
Unlikely to Pay and Forborne Unlikely to Pay, the option to propose to the customer the 
renegotiation of the mortgage loan/loan requires prior agreement from the competent Credit 
Value Control and/or Management function based on the relevant lending or management 
authority. 
Renegotiation makes it possible to bring the loan in line and promotes its future sustainability 
by reformulating the repayment plan for the residual debt with the possible extension on the 
duration, so that the commitment corresponds more closely to the customer's effective 
available cash flows. 
The renegotiation operation must be decided by the structure with competence for lending, 
regardless of the position's status. Where the renegotiation also involves a waiver, the position 
must first be classified under Unlikely to Pay, and the operation must be decided by the 
structure with competence in terms of lending and management powers.  
 
 
29 The exceptions are positions for which automatic exit is permitted.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
For the positions detected in the “Retail Positions Management” process, the renegotiation is 
managed centrally through Pulse or the Outsourcers and approved at the minimum level of the 
Remediation Specialist within the Credit Value Control Head Office Department.  
 
The characteristics of this intervention are as follows: 
▪ 
only with regard to positions classified as Proactive Credit, Past Due or Unlikely to 
Pay/Forborne Unlikely to Pay is it possible to have a pre-amortisation period not 
exceeding 36 months, during which only interest instalments will be paid, with 
specific authorisation at the minimum level of the Remediation Specialist within the 
Credit Value Control Head Office Department or Credit Specialist for credit 
management at the Regional Governance Centre, solely for Retail counterparties;  
▪ 
for all customer types, interest accrued in the last 6 months and default interest can be 
extended and deferred on the renegotiated loan. In this case, the extension can be for 
up to a maximum of 36 months, and cannot in any case, exceed the residual duration 
of the renegotiated loan. These items are non-interest bearing, not subject to default 
even in the event of subsequent bankruptcy and will be collected on an instalment-
basis as from the first instalment after the ones referring only to interest (in the case of 
pre-amortisation period). 
This solution has significant implications, because: 
✓ it makes it possible to reformulate the repayment on the loan by extending the residual 
duration, thus making the payment of the related instalments more sustainable and in 
keeping with the effective spending capacity, in addition to being characterised by its 
simplicity and flexibility; 
✓ 
it enables the problem positions to be regularised in compliance with current rules and 
with special reference to the recent legislation introduced by the EU Regulator on 
Forborne exposures.   
Given the numerous types of loans and possibilities of renegotiation, the specific interventions 
are assessed and decided on a case-by-case basis, taking into account especially the borrower's 
creditworthiness and the specific nature of the individual loan contracts. 
In addition to the usual options to change the duration and type of repayment plan, it is also 
permitted: 
- for positions classified as Past due, Unlikely to Pay and Forborne Unlikely to Pay, to 
renegotiate the real estate mortgage loans/mortgages with the payment of part of the 
principal on the expiry of the last repayment instalment (“balloon plan”); 
Using a balloon plan makes it possible to customise the repayment plan based on the 
customer's current and prospective cash flows; the repayment plan with the final balloon 
portion therefore requires that part of the principal be paid on the last instalment of the 
repayment plan. The interest generated periodically by the balloon portion will be repaid 
together with the instalment for the loan portion instalment. 
The renegotiation operation with a balloon option is decided solely by the Remediation 
Specialist of the Credit Value Control Head Office Department or by the BdT Credit Head 
Office Department. 
- for positions classified as Unlikely to Pay/Forborne Unlikely to Pay, to renegotiate the 
real estate mortgage loans/mortgages with the partial write-off of the credit:

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
- if the position is subject to an analytical-specific measurement, the write-off is permitted 
within the limit of the value adjustments already applied to the position, and without prejudice 
to the management power limitations relating to waiving credits; 
- if the position is subject to a statistical analytical measurement, the write-off is permitted 
within the limit of the value adjustments already applied automatically on the position, 
without prejudice to the management power limitations relating to waiving credits; 
- as a priority, the write-off must always refer to the default interest component; the reduction 
rules referring to any additional written off amounts follow the accounting rules for instalment 
collection; 
- the LTV ratio of the loan subject to renegotiation must be over 70%. 
The renegotiation operation with a write-off can be decided at the minimum level of the 
Remediation Specialist of the Credit Value Control Head Office Department or Credit 
Specialist for credit management at the Regional Governance Centre. 
3.4.2   Renegotiation of loans to Retail Companies and Businesses (SME) in arrears 
Customers holding mortgage loans/unsecured loans that present at least one arrear in payment 
may request the renegotiation of the interest rate and/or duration of the repayment plan.  
With regard to positions classified as Proactive Credit, Non-performing past due exposures, 
Unlikely to Pay and Forborne Unlikely to Pay, the option to propose to the customer the 
renegotiation of the mortgage loan/loan requires prior agreement from the competent Credit 
Value Control and/or Management function (namely the Retail SME Remediation function of 
the Regional Governance Centre within the specific proactive management process referred to 
above) based on the relevant lending or management authority. 
Renegotiation makes it possible to bring the loan in line and promotes its future sustainability 
by reformulating the repayment plan for the residual debt with the possible extension on the 
duration, so that the commitment corresponds more closely to the customer's effective 
available cash flows. 
The renegotiation operation must be decided by the structure with competence for lending, 
regardless of the position's status. Where the renegotiation also involves a waiver, the position 
must first be classified under Unlikely to Pay, and the operation must be decided by the 
structure with competence in terms of lending and management powers.  
The characteristics of this intervention are as follows: 
▪ 
possibility to reincorporate the amount for the past due and unpaid instalments 
together with the residual debt, reformulating the repayment plan; the customer has 
the option of extending the loan's duration up to an additional 10 years on the original 
expiry, with a total residual duration including the extension of not more than 30 
years; 
▪ 
the renegotiation can be proposed up to a maximum of twice over the course of the 
loan's life cycle with a total residual duration including the extension of not more than 
30 years. The second renegotiation is only considered in the event of a further 
deterioration in the customer's repayment capacity, and is authorised at a minimum 
level by the II Tier Credit Specialist of the Regional Governance Centre of the Banca 
dei Territori Division/ I Tier Credit Specialist of the BdT Division Bank; 
▪ 
it is possible to have a pre-amortisation period not exceeding 36 months (including 
the extension granted), during which only interest instalments will be paid. Decision-
making powers are at the minimum level of the Credit Specialist for the Regional 
Governance Centre of the Banca dei Territori Division/Credit Specialist of the BdT 
Division Bank;

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
▪ 
as a priority, without prejudice to the requirement to collect at the same time as the 
renegotiation, the accrued interest from the last past due instalment until the 
transaction date, as well as the contract-based interest accrued on the past due 
instalments over the last six months and all the default interest, with specific 
authorisation at the minimum level of the Regional Governance Centre of the BdT 
Division; and with regard only to positions classified as Non-performing past due 
exposures, Unlikely to Pay or Forborne Unlikely to Pay, the last two items (interest 
accrued in the last 6 months and default interest) can be extended and deferred on the 
renegotiated loan. In this case, the extension can be for up to a maximum of 36 
months, and cannot in any case, exceed the residual duration of the renegotiated loan. 
These items are non-interest bearing, not subject to default even in the event of 
subsequent bankruptcy and will be collected on an instalment-basis as from the first 
instalment after the ones referring only to interest (in the case of pre-amortisation 
period). There is no exception permitted regarding collections on performing and 
Proactive Credit positions; 
▪ 
 the renegotiation is subject to confirmation of the guarantees that support the 
transaction. 
4.   MANAGEMENT OF BAD LOANS 
4.1 Reclassification to bad loans 
As a general rule, in accordance with regulations (Central Credit Register – Instructions for 
Participating Intermediaries of the Supervisory Authority), the reclassification to bad loans 
implies that the intermediary has assessed the customer's overall financial position and is not 
automatically triggered by the customer simply delaying the payment of a debt. A claim in 
respect of the credit is not in itself sufficient reason to move over to bad loans.  
On and off-balance sheet exposures in respect of insolvent customers (even if not established 
in court) or in situations that are essentially comparable fall into the Bad Loan category, in 
accordance with Bank of Italy Circular no. 272 of 30 July 2008, regardless of any loss 
forecasts formulated by the company. Therefore, this is irrespective of whether there are any 
(collateral or personal) guarantees securing the exposures. Exposures where the problem 
situation refers to profiles pertinent to country risk are excluded. 
Also included are: 
a) exposures in respect of Local Entities (Municipalities and Provinces) under 
financial distress for the portion subject to the pertinent liquidation procedure;  
b) receivables acquired from third parties with the principal borrowers classified 
under bad loans, regardless of the accounting allocation portfolio; 
c) exposures in respect of parties to whom the conditions for classification under 
bad loans are applicable and who have one or more credit lines that meet the 
definition for “Non-performing exposures with forbearance measures” as per 
Annex V, Part 2, paragraph 262, of the ITS. 
A customer is classified under the bad loan category:  
-  
in any case:

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
▪ 
whenever judicial liquidation or compulsory administrative liquidation has been 
ordered, or any other court order has been issued establishing a state of insolvency; 
▪ 
normally at the start of legal proceedings by the Bank according to current 
regulations; 
 
-  
after detailed assessment, if the following events have occurred: 
▪ 
admission to extraordinary administration proceedings, in the case of there being no 
material prospects for recovery in the business' economic-financial and asset balance; 
▪ 
legal proceedings initiated by third parties; 
▪ 
discontinuation of the business activity; 
▪ 
voluntary liquidation; 
▪ 
application for/admission to a composition, for a simplified liquidation arrangement, 
or an over-indebtedness procedure where a crisis status can, in fact, be considered to 
coincide with a state of insolvency; 
▪ 
admission of the debtor to the controlled liquidation procedure for over-indebted 
parties envisaged in Article 268 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code; 
▪ 
filing by the insolvent debtor of an application requesting debt discharge in 
accordance with Article 283 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code; 
 
▪ 
when the number of unpaid instalments in arrears exceeds the objective limits (12 
monthly instalments unpaid or equivalent delays for instalments with different 
frequencies for all loan types) in respect of counterparties with instalment-based 
loans, without prejudice to any out-of-court agreement and/or formalised remediation 
plans. 
 
It should be noted that when an application for “arrangement with creditors with rights 
reserved to file ancillary documents at a later date” or “arrangement with creditors with the 
business continuing as a going concern” is filed by the customer company, or in the case of 
procedures for compounding of the crisis from over-indebtedness without liquidation 
purposes envisaged by the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code (in particular consumer debt 
restructuring and arrangement with minor creditors initiated by the borrower), classification as 
a bad loan should only be made if: a) new objective elements emerge that would lead to such 
classification; b) the exposures were already classified as bad at the time the application was 
filed. 
For the purposes of the Transaction, Defaulted Loans will be loans classified as bad loans or 
those with an Arrears Ratio greater than or equal to: 
 
10, for loans with monthly instalments; 
 
4, for loans with quarterly instalments;  
 
2, for loans with half-yearly instalments.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Also, in the context of the Transaction and this Collection Policy, the Arrears Ratio indicates 
the ratio between the following at the end of each reporting month: (a) all the amounts due 
and unpaid in respect of principal and interest (excluding default interest) in relation to the 
Loan, and (b) the amount of the instalment relating to the Loan due immediately prior to the 
month-end date. The classification as Defaulted Loan is reversible.  
4.2 MANAGEMENT OF BAD LOANS BY THE FIRST SPECIAL SERVICER 
Once classified as bad loans, the positions are taken over by the designated credit recovery 
structure, either internal or external, which immediately initiates the most appropriate 
recovery measures. 
When deciding the procedures aimed at recovery, a careful cost-benefit analysis is made 
regarding the in-court and out-of-court solutions, whilst also taking into consideration the 
financial effect associated with the estimated recovery times.  
The analysis is carried out based on all the information available, and more specifically: 
- 
checking that the contract certifying the credit relationship with the customer has been 
correctly formalised (both credit and guarantees properly completed). 
- 
risks of claw-back/invalid guarantees and/or payments; 
- 
updated value of guarantees; 
- 
customer's financial and economic-asset position and possible guarantors; 
- 
outcome of any initiatives undertaken by the Bank to liaise with customers (meetings, 
responses to any written communications); 
- 
outcome of insolvency proceedings. 
The extent of the powers conferred, especially with regard to settlements, to the Head of the 
NPE Head Office Department and the Heads of the structures reporting to the latter, as well as 
the Servicer (for positions managed externally), allows for flexible and effective management 
of the recovery process. 
Legal actions for the recovery of bad loans are carried out: 
• 
as far as possible, directly for ex parte deeds (timely submission of proof of debt, 
declarations of claims in insolvency proceedings, etc.); 
as well as 
• 
through the appointment of external lawyers chosen from among the lawyers included 
in the specifically approved Register of Lawyers. 
The choice of appointing an external lawyer is, in principle, the responsibility of the Heads of 
the competent structures. In general, each new assignment can only be awarded to registered 
lawyers and signatories of the most recent agreement.  
In addition, for positions with significant amounts, and in the case of higher instances of 
proceedings than the first instance, specific authorisations are required for both the choice of 
external lawyers and the procedural strategy to be implemented. 
Relations with external lawyers (also regulated, in terms of the economic aspects, by an 
agreement) envisage (i) frequent updating based on documentation and information on the 
main aspects of interest to the Bank (e.g. borrower’s interest in an amicable solution of the 
dispute or submitting the credit as a claim) as well as (ii) monitoring in respect of their work

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
by those responsible for legal matters, under the supervision and with the assistance of their 
Heads of structure.  
With specific reference to the typical recovery activities for positions with significant 
amounts, when taking charge of the position, the latter is immediately examined and all the 
necessary and urgent actions are implemented so as to optimise the possibilities of recovery, 
including by way of acquiring new guarantees (e.g. judicial mortgages). 
An assessment is also made as to whether to submit an urgent application for the opening of 
judicial liquidation proceedings, should this be appropriate to prevent the consolidation of 
guarantees or deeds (e.g. payments) by the borrower in favour of third parties. 
After the first phase dedicated to the most urgent actions required to protect the credit, the best 
operating strategy is then formulated so as to maximise the credit recovery in the shortest time 
possible. 
From this perspective, it could be decided to: 
• 
proceed with the direct recovery of the single loan (by in or out-of-court procedures); 
• 
proceed with the sale without recourse of portfolios either en bloc or single loans for 
significant amounts, to primary national and international operators. 
Choosing one of these solutions does not obviously preclude seeking possible recourse to the 
others. 
With regard to the possible sale without recourse of non-performing or mixed loan portfolios 
or individual non-performing positions of significant amounts, the CFO Area maintains 
ongoing relations with the main investors operating in the Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) 
acquisition sector and keeps a list of possible investors. This knowledge of the market makes 
it possible to conclude the sales contract very quickly and under the best conditions, even in 
the case of selling individual loans. 
With regard to the possible sale without recourse of individual bad loan positions of smaller 
amounts, which in any case will have to be carried out in the interest of the holders of the 
securities, the parties appointed by the Servicer maintain ongoing relations with the main 
investors – mostly foreign – operating in the Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) acquisition 
sector. This knowledge of the market makes it possible to conclude the sales contract very 
quickly and under the best conditions, even in the case of selling individual loans. 
If on the other hand it is deemed preferable and more appropriate to directly recover the loan, 
the following options are available as applicable:  
• 
out-of-court proceedings; 
or 
• 
court proceedings (aiming for individual and/or insolvency enforcement). 
With regard to loans of significant amounts, it can often happen that out-of-court solutions - 
which do not however exclude concurrent recourse to court proceedings - are proposed by the 
borrower itself to all banking creditors. 
During these meetings, the Parent Company policy generally aims to avoid recourse to "new 
financing", always preferring solutions that would allow - wherever possible also with the 
support of third-party financial means - to arrive at a swift settlement of the outstanding 
amount, given that the credit recovery time obviously represents a burden for the Group's 
banks.  
If an out-of-court recovery is not deemed possible or appropriate, an assessment is made as to 
whether to undertake individual enforcement or bankruptcy proceedings according to the case 
in hand (risks of claw-back, guarantees and/or payment or expediency of opening judicial 
liquidation proceedings to avoid the consolidation of guarantees acquired by third parties).

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
Should the route of individual enforcement be decided, all the necessary activities are put in 
place (by also assigning the enforced sale to a notary or other professional) to ensure that 
assets are swiftly disposed of. 
In the case of insolvency proceedings, the timing is not controlled as easily, but in these cases, 
an attempt is made, to the extent permitted by the provisions of the Business Crisis and 
Insolvency Code, to accelerate the disposal and distribution of assets. 
For the management of the bad loans entrusted to the First Special Servicer, ISP CB 
Ipotecario s.r.l. grants the powers to be exercised autonomously within the scope of the 
delegated powers set out below, including initiating or bringing any type of legal action.  
The First Special Servicer will have the power to carry out part of its activities also through 
Intesa Sanpaolo’s structures. 
Collections on loans insured by AmTrust International Ltd 
The payment of compensation by the insurance company AmTrust International Ltd in 
relation to high LTV loans (LTV from 80.01% to 100% at the time of the loan disbursement) 
covered by an insurance policy is normally only requested by the Servicer once all the 
activities aimed at recovering the loans concerned have been carried out (such as, but not 
limited to, enforcement actions on the assets covered by the real estate collateral, enforcement 
of any other additional guarantees, and cases relating to the compensation of other insured 
damages and related disputes). 
4.2.1 First Home Guarantee Fund 
The Servicer may make a request to enforce the guarantee and adopt the other measures 
envisaged in the First Home Guarantee Fund, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 48, letter (c) of 
Law no. 147 of 27 December 2013, by the Inter-ministerial Decree of 31 July 2014 and by the 
Memorandum of Understanding of 8 October 2014 between the Ministry of the Economy and 
Finance and the Italian Banking Association (ABI), that Intesa Sanpaolo has signed up to. 
Delegated powers granted to the First Special Servicer on bad loans assigned to ISP CB 
Ipotecario s.r.l.  
A) Delegated powers in relation to settlements and waivers of irrecoverable loans 
The First Special Servicer shall have the power, through its own structures and its own 
employees specifically appointed by it, even when seconded by companies of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group, to: 
• 
authorise, with regard to the individual loans, write-offs of irrecoverable loans and 
settlements involving cash or non-cash collections (non-cash settlements are defined 
as those involving releasing credit takeovers) provided that the waiver (gross amount 
of the loan less expected collections, including any financial effect of discounting of 
repayment plans/moratoria) does not exceed 200,000 (two hundred thousand) euro. 
This condition will not apply in the case of write-offs of uncollectible loans following 
the closure of individual proceedings within the scope of already approved value 
adjustments, which may be authorised without limits of amount.  
All of the foregoing will take place by authorising: 
• 
waivers under any conditions, up to the limits stated above (including by means of the 
assignment of loans to third parties according to any terms and conditions), 
terminations of loans, participation in arrangements with creditors and arrangements

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
in judicial liquidation proceedings, extraordinary administration and debt 
restructuring agreements, including those envisaged in Article 57 of the Business 
Crisis and Insolvency Code, agreements for certified financial rehabilitation plans 
pursuant to Article 56 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code, as well as debt 
restructuring agreements and payment deferrals/moratoria, or the application of 
favourable rates (including zero rates); 
• 
waivers of enforcement acts, subrogations, cancellations, deferrals, reductions, 
restrictions, division into shares of loans and splitting of the pertinent mortgages, with 
the reduction of guarantees, all other formalities relating to mortgages, transcriptions, 
including attachments, and liens, even where the loan has not been extinguished and 
authorisation has not been rendered contingent on extinguishment of the loan in full; 
• 
repayment of sums as a required act; 
• 
waivers of the gross value of loans (sum of the amount recognised, gross of any write-
downs), such as disbursements to be made to settle third-party claims and the 
recognition of sums of the nature of out-of-period expenses and/or non-existence of 
the loan, when it is not a required act. 
 
B) Delegated powers in relation to value adjustments 
The First Special Servicer shall have the power, through its own structures and its own 
employees specifically appointed by it, even when seconded by companies of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group, to authorise value adjustments to Bad Loans in accordance with the 
delegated powers granted from time to time by the Assignor to Intesa Sanpaolo. 
C) Delegated powers in relation to the recognition of losses in connection with tax 
compliance, court proceedings and out-of-court settlements 
The First Special Servicer shall have the power, through its own structures and the employees 
specifically appointed by it, to: 
• 
recognise provisions in the financial statements in relation to court and out-of-court 
claims brought by third parties or in any case in relation to risks of loss, up to a 
maximum amount, per individual dispute, of 200,000.00 (two hundred thousand) 
euro; 
• 
negotiate the amicable settlement of disputes in and out-of-court, or to avoid such 
disputes, by authorising disbursements in settlement of third-party claims and 
recognise contingent liabilities or the waiver of the associated loans (without 
prejudice to the powers concerning settlements and waivers of irrecoverable loans) up 
to a maximum amount per individual dispute – inclusive of interest, legal fees and 
ancillary costs – of 1,000,000.00 (one million) euro; 
• 
order payments relating to the above-mentioned charges due as a result of measures 
taken by judicial, administrative or tax authorities up to a maximum amount of 
10,000,000.00 (ten million) euro per individual item. 
D) Delegated powers pertaining to the payment of taxes and duties

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
The First Special Servicer shall have the power, through its own structures and the employees 
specifically appointed by it, even when seconded by companies of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, 
to order payments in favour of the tax authorities for indirect taxes connected to bad loans. 
E) Additional delegated powers 
The First Special Servicer is also granted the power to authorise any and all legal, 
administrative and enforcement actions, in all competent venues and at all instances of 
proceedings, with the power to abandon such actions, discontinue legal transactions and 
actions and accept such discontinuation or waiver by other parties to the proceedings, with all 
of the resulting authority, and, more generally to do all that is necessary – in all venues – to 
ensure the best protection, including judicial protection, of loans. 
F) Delegated powers in relation to legal fees 
The First Special Servicer may establish spending allocations up to a limit of 60,000.00 (sixty 
thousand) euro per individual customer. 
4.3 MANAGEMENT OF BAD LOANS BY THE SECOND SPECIAL SERVICER 
(WHERE APPOINTED) 
Within this covered bond issuance programme, the Second Special Servicer (where appointed) 
will have as its objective the full recovery of the bad loans.  
The purpose of any waivers of loans made will be to enable recovery to be performed more 
quickly and for a greater amount than would be possible in the event of compulsory recovery. 
The powers of the Second Special Servicer (where appointed) in relation to the bad loans 
managed by it will be the same as those granted to it at individual customer level under any 
agreements between Intesa Sanpaolo and the Second Special Servicer. These powers shall be 
considered to be changed from time to time in the event of subsequent agreements between 
the First Special Servicer and the Second Special Servicer, on the understanding that these 
management powers are not, and will not be, broader than those of the First Special Servicer 
as set out in this Collection Policy. In the event of any change in the above-mentioned powers, 
the First Special Servicer will promptly inform ISP CB Ipotecario s.r.l. and the Covered 
Bondholders’ Representative.  
4.4 MANAGEMENT OF SECURITIES IN DEFAULT BY INTESA SANPAOLO S.P.A. 
Securities in Default – Monitoring of Default Events   
The Security will be classified as a Security in Default (i) if the related issuer is classified as 
being in default, or (ii) if there are any principal and/or interest payments outstanding for a 
period of more than 30 Business Days from the related due dates envisaged in the related 
Supporting Documents of the Securities, or (iii) in accordance with the rules governing the 
securities applicable to that Security and provided that an acceleration notice with respect to 
the redemption of the Security has been sent by the related trustee or bondholders’ 
representative. 
The Servicer must monitor the financial performance of the Securities and the fulfilment of 
the Borrowers’ obligations in respect of the Securities on an ongoing basis.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) will be direct, unsecured, unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Covered Bond 
Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee until (i) the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default, service 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bond Guarantor of either 
an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, or (ii) the 
occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan in order to pay interest or repay principal under the 
Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, 
as applicable, ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders: 
(i) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Tests are intended to ensure that the Portfolio is sufficient to repay the Covered 
Bonds at all times; 
(iii) 
among the Tests: (i) the Nominal Value Test is intended to maintain the sufficiency of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered Bonds and (ii) the 
Amortisation Test is intended to test the sufficiency of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s 
assets in respect of the Covered Bonds following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor;  
(iv) 
the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is intended to verify that the 
amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher 
than the maximum Net Cumulative Liquidity Outflow of the Programme; 
(v) 
the verification of the Exposure Limit is intended to to verify that the aggregate 
amount of the Integration Assets and the Liquidity Assets shall comply with the 
exposure limits set forth in Article 129, paragraph 1a, lett. (a), (b), (c) e (d) of CRR; 
(vi) 
the verification of the Observed Eligible OC Amount is a verification of the minimum 
legal over-collateralization, that is carried out after an Issuer Event of Default for 
purposes of ensuring compliance with the over-collateralization requirements of 
Article 129 of CRR. 
(vii) 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is intended to trigger the provision of liquidity for 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds when the Issuer’s credit ratings fall below a certain level; 
(viii) 
extendable maturity provisions are applicable to all Series of Covered Bonds other 
than Hard Bullet Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Certain of these factors are considered in more detail in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Covered Bond Guarantor guarantees payment 
of the Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date in respect of all Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will not guarantee any other 
amount payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for any other reason, including any 
accelerated payment following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 
Event. In this circumstance (and until a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served), the Covered Bond Guarantor’s 
obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date. 
See paragraph headed “Covered Bond Guarantee” under the section headed “Description of 
the Transaction Documents”, as regards the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Under the terms of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Issuer must ensure that the 
Portfolio is in compliance with the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure 
Limit and the Observed Eligible OC Amount described below on each Calculation Date or on 
any other date on which the verification of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the 
Exposure Limit and the Observed Eligible OC Amount is required pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents.  
If on any Calculation Date the Portfolio is not in compliance with: 
(i) 
the Mandatory Tests, then the Seller and, should the Seller fail to do so, any 
Additional Sellers, provided that the conditions indicated under the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement are met, shall sell Eligible Assets or Integration Assets or Liquid 
Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor in an amount sufficient to allow the Mandatory 
Tests to be met as soon as possible, in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement. To facilitate such a sale, the Seller and/or any Additional Seller shall 
grant additional amounts under the relevant Subordinated Loan for the purposes of 
funding the purchase of Eligible Assets or Integration Assets or Liquid Assets. If a 
breach of the Mandatory Tests is not remedied and for so long as such breach is 
continuing, no further Series of Covered Bonds will be issued and no payments under 
the Subordinated Loan will be effected; 
(ii) 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, if the Mandatory Tests are not breached and the 
Issuer event of Default has not occurred, then the Issuer (as Seller) shall sell, as soon 
as possible, upon receipt of a written notice in accordance to the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement 
or/by granting to the Covered Bond Guarantor funds under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement if needed in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount is reached as soon as practicable, in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement. If after an Issuer Event of Default and delivery 
of a Notice to Pay, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, and the 
Mandatory Tests are not breached, then the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient amount of assets 
necessary to reach the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, provided that such sale 
should not cause a breach of the Mandatory Test at the following Calculation Date. If 
a breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not remedied within the 
Calculation Date immediately following the notification of such breach as confirmed 
by the Asset Monitor Report, the Issuer shall not issue further series of Covered 
Bonds compliant with Law 130 and the Covered Bond Directive; 
(iii) 
the Exposure Limit, if, on any date until the occurrence of the Issuer event of Default 
and if the Mandatory Tests are not breached, then the Issuer shall, alternatively, (1) in 
its capacity as Seller, sell sufficient Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement, and/or 
(2) in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider, request the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to reimburse the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement; and/or (3) in its capacity as Cash Manager, invest part of the Liquid 
Assets in excess of the Exposure Limit in form of Securities eligible under Article 
129, Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR, in an aggregate amount sufficient to

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
ensure that the Exposure Limit is complied with as soon as practicable in accordance 
with the Portfolio Administration Agreement. After the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default and if the Amortisation Test is not breached, if the Exposure Limit is 
breached, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on the basis of the Asset Cover Report shall give 
instructions to the Cash Manager to invest all of part of the amounts standing on the 
Investment Account in Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under Article 129 
Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR; 
(iv) 
the Observed Eligible OC Amount, then (1) the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall give instructions to the Cash Manager to invest all or part of the 
amounts standing on the Investment Account in Liquid Assets in form of securities 
eligible under Article 129 Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR, and/or (2) 
instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non-eligible assets (if 
any) necessary to reach the Observed Eligible OC Amount.  
Tests 
For so long as any Covered Bond remains outstanding and provided that no Issuer Event of 
Default has occurred, the Issuer shall procure that, on a continuing basis (provided that such 
obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the following mandatory tests are satisfied 
on each Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which those mandatory tests are to be 
carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents), the following mandatory tests are satisfied and verified on each 
Calculation Date or any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
The calculations of the Mandatory Tests are performed consistently with the provisions set out 
in the Article 7-undecies, Paragraph 2, of Law 130. 
1. 
Nominal Value Test 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Nominal Value of the 
Portfolio shall be greater than or equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance 
of all Series of Covered Bonds (the Nominal Value Test). 
Nominal Value of the Portfolio will be an amount calculated on each Calculation 
Date by applying the following formula (without double-counting): 
A * P + B +EI2 + D – Y – Z 
where, 
"A" 
stands for the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of each 
Mortgage Loan, which shall be the lower of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as 
calculated by reference to the relevant Collection Date; and  
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to the Real Estate Asset of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan multiplied by M, 
where  
(a) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.80;

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
(b) 
for all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.60, 
subject in any case to the Aggregate Percentage Limitation (as defined under "D" 
below); and  
(c) 
for all Mortgage Loans that are Defaulted Loans M = 0; 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following reductions to the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio: 
(1) 
a Mortgage Loan (or any Security relating thereto) in relation to which a 
breach of the representations and warranties contained in the relevant Master Transfer Agreement has 
occurred and has not been remedied or which is subject to any indemnity and/or 
repurchase obligation of the Seller or any relevant Additional Seller, and in each case 
the Seller or any relevant Additional Seller, has not repurchased the Mortgage Loan or 
Mortgage Loans (each an Affected Loan) of the relevant Debtor, to the extent 
required by the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. In this event, the 
aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Portfolio (as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date) will be deemed to be reduced 
by an amount equal to the Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant 
Affected Loan or Affected Loans (as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date); 
and/or 
(2) 
the Seller or any Additional Seller is in breach of any other material warranty 
under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer is in breach of a 
material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate Adjusted 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio (as calculated 
on the relevant Calculation Date) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to 
the resulting financial loss incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor (such financial 
loss to be calculated by the Covered Bond Guarantor or on its behalf by the 
Calculation Agent without double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in 
cash or in kind) to the Covered Bond Guarantor by the Issuer, the Seller, any 
Additional Seller and/or the Servicer to indemnify the Covered Bond Guarantor for 
such financial loss); 
“P” stands for the Asset Percentage; 
"B" 
stands for the aggregate of: 
(i) the principal amounts standing to the credit of each Relevant Investment Account 
and the Liquidity Buffer Account; plus 
(ii) “EI1” (as defined below); plus 
(iii) “C” (as defined below); plus 
(iv) “X” (as defined below), 
provided that the above aggregate amount shall be calculated in compliance with and 
subject to Article 129, Paragraph 1, letter (a), of the CRR and in any case up to the 
Exposure Limit (unless with respect to the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
necessary to remedy a breach of the Nominal Value Test, in which the case the 
Exposure Limit shall not apply as stated by the paragraph 3(a) of the CRR). 
"C" stands for Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in the form of deposits 
according to Article 129, Paragraph 1(c), item (i), of the CRR; such item shall be 
considered for the purpose of calculation of “B” above, 2; 
"D" 
stands for the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (in form other than 
deposits according to Article 129, Paragraph 1(c), item (i), of the CRR); 
"EI1" stands for the aggregate amount of all Eligible Investments in the form of 
deposits according to Article 129, Paragraph 1(c), item (i), of the CRR; such item shall 
be considered for the purpose of calculation of “B” above (for the avoidance of any 
doubt these amounts constitute exposure towards financial institutions); 
 "EI2" stands for the aggregate amount of all Eligible Investments in form of 
exposures according to Article 129, Paragraph 1, letters (a) e (b) of the CRR (for the 
avoidance of any doubt not triggering any exposure towards financial institutions); 
“X” 
stands for an amount equal to the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Amount (if 
any);  
“Y” 
is equal to (i) nil, if (a) the portfolio consists of Securities only, and (b) in the 
event that the Portfolio includes Mortgage Loans, the Issuer’s ratings are at least “P-
2/Baa2” by Moody’s, or (ii) the Potential Set-Off Amount; and 
“Z” 
stands for the weighted average remaining maturity (expressed in years) of all 
Covered Bonds then outstanding multiplied by the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor.  
Negative Carry Factor means a percentage (which will never be less than 0.5%) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date or any other date on 
which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents, with reference to the weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds. 
2. 
Net Present Value (NPV) Test 
The aggregate Net Present Value of (i) the Eligible Portfolio (taking into account any 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Limit transferred 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement for purposes of complying with the 
Nominal Value Test) and (ii) each Asset Swap and Liability Swap, net of the 
Excluded Swaps and the transaction costs to be borne by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(including the payments of any nature expected to be borne or due with respect to any 
Swap Agreement) shall be greater than or equal to the Net Present Value of all Series 
of the outstanding Covered Bonds(the NPV Test). 
Discount Factor means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, 
calculated by the Servicer.  
Net Present Value means, as of any relevant date, (i) in respect of (a) the Eligible 
Portfolio, (b) each Asset Swap and Liability Swap and (c) the transaction costs to be 
borne by the Covered Bond Guarantor, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of the 
product of each relevant Discount Factor and expected payments (or Euro Equivalent

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
of the expected payments) to be received or to be effected by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (including the Liquidation Costs); and (ii) in respect of all Series of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds, an amount equal to the sum of the product of each 
relevant Discount Factor and expected interest and principal payments (or Euro 
Equivalent of such expected payments) to be effected in respect of such Series of 
outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Swap Curve means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in 
accordance with the best market practice and calculated based on market instruments. 
3. 
Interest Coverage Test 
The Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio (taking into account any 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Limit transferred 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement for purposes of complying with the 
Nominal Value Test) shall be greater than or equal to the Interest Payments (the 
Interest Coverage Test).  
Euro Equivalent means at any date, in relation to any amount or payment referred to 
a loan, a bond, an agreement or any other asset the amount or payment referred to 
such loan, bond, agreement or asset at such date denominated in Euro where the 
exchange rate corresponds to (i) the current exchange rate fixed by the Servicer in 
accordance with its usual practice at that time for calculating that equivalent should 
any currency hedging agreement be not in place or (ii) the exchange rate indicated in 
the relevant currency hedging agreement be in place. 
Expected Floating Payments means the amount (or the Euro Equivalent amount), 
determined on the basis of the Swap Curve, of expected principal and interest 
payments from the Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio, the expected Swap 
Agreements floating leg payments, or the expected interest payments on outstanding 
Series of floating rate Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
Fixed Component of the Eligible Portfolio means the Eligible Assets or Integration 
Assets or Liquid Assets being part of the Eligible Portfolio remunerated on the basis 
of a fixed rate of interest. 
Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio means the Eligible Assets or 
Integration Assets or Liquid Assets being part of the Eligible Portfolio remunerated 
on the basis of a floating rate of interest. 
Interest Payments means, as of a Calculation Date or any other relevant date, with 
reference to all following Guarantor Interest Periods up to the last Maturity Date, or 
Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be, an amount equal to the aggregate of (a) 
expected interest payments (or the Euro Equivalent of the expected interest payments) 
in respect of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (other than floating rate 
Covered Bonds) and (b) Expected Floating Payments in respect of interest on floating 
rate Covered Bonds. 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio means, as of a Calculation Date 
or any other relevant date with reference to all (x) following Guarantor Payment 
Dates, or (y) the relevant Guarantor Interest Periods, and (z) the relevant Collection 
Periods, as the case may be, up to the last Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date of 
any Series of Covered Bonds, as the case may be, an amount equal to the difference 
between (i) and (ii), where:

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
(i) 
is equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
interest payments (or the Euro Equivalent of the interest payments) from the 
Fixed Component of the Eligible Portfolio and payments and Expected Floating 
Payments in respect of interest from the Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio 
received or expected to be received;  
(b) 
any amount expected to be received by the Covered Bond Guarantor as 
payments under the Asset Swaps (which are not Excluded Swaps); 
(c) 
any amount (or the Euro Equivalent of any amount) expected to be received 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor as payments under the Liability Swaps (which are not 
Excluded Swaps); and  
(ii) 
is equal to the payments (or the Euro Equivalent of the payments) to be 
effected in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in priority to, and including, payments under the Swap Agreements (which 
are not Excluded Swaps).  
For the avoidance of doubt, items under (i) (a) above shall include interest expected to 
be received from the investment, into Eligible Investments, of principal collections 
arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible Portfolio. 
The Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test and the Interest Coverage Test are jointly defined as 
the Mandatory Tests. 
4. 
Amortisation Test and OC Verification 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, for so long as any Covered Bond 
remains outstanding and following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and service 
of a Notice to Pay by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer shall procure 
that on a continuing basis (provided that such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with 
if the following test is satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which 
that test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents), the following test and the following 
verifications are satisfied and verified on each Calculation Date. 
The Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount shall be greater than or equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the Amortisation Test and, together 
with the Mandatory Tests, the Tests) and the Observed Eligible OC Amount shall be greater 
than or equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the OC 
Verification): 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount will be an amount calculated on 
each Calculation Date by applying the following formula (without double-counting): 
A + B + EI2 + D – Y – Z 
where A, B, EI1, D,Y and Z parameters have the same definition and calculation 
method of the Mandatory Tests (par. 1 above) and 
Observed Eligible OC Amount will be an amount calculated on each Calculation 
Date by applying the following formula (without double-counting): 
A * MP + B + EI2 + D

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
where A, B, EI1, D parameters have the same definition and calculation method of the 
Mandatory Tests (par. 2.1 above)  
and  
“MP” stands for the ratio between 1 to K, expressed as a percentage and rounded 
down to the second decimal place, 
where 
K = 1 + the minimum legal OC (expressed in percentage) required at the date of the 
calculation pursuant to OBG Regulations. 
The Tests are fulfilled in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement. In 
particular, the Amortisation Test will be run only following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default, provided that such test is structured to ensure that the Portfolio contains sufficient 
assets to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Compliance with the Tests will be verified by the Calculation Agent and internal risk 
management functions of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (under the supervision of the 
management body (organo con funzione di gestione) of the Issuer) on each Calculation Date 
and on any other date on which the verification of the Tests is required pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents, and subsequently checked by the Asset Monitor on a semi-annual 
basis.  
In addition to the above, following the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Tests, based 
on the information provided by the Servicer with reference to the last day of each preceding 
calendar month (starting from the date on which such breach has been notified, and until 6 
(six) months after the date on which such breach has been cured), the Calculation Agent shall 
verify compliance with the Mandatory Tests not later than the thirty-fifth calendar day 
following the end of each preceding calendar month. In addition to the terms defined above, 
for the purposes of this section: 
Asset Percentage means the lower of (i) 93%, (ii) such other percentage figure as determined 
by the Issuer on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Rating 
Agency’s methodologies (after procuring the required level of over-collateralisation), and 
notified to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Asset Monitor and the Rating Agency, and (iii) 95.23% in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement. Any adjustment of the Asset Percentage from that 
previously notified will appear in the relevant Investor Report as the new Asset Percentage as 
determined in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Calculation Agent means the entity acting as calculation agent of the Tests, the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Limit, as appointed from time to time by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Calculation Date means, with respect to the Mandatory Tests, the Exposure Limit and the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, 7 January, 7 April, 7 July and 7 October in each calendar 
year or, if such date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day, provided that the first 
Calculation Date will be 7 January 2011. 
Defaulted Assets means any Mortgage Loan which has been classified by the Servicer on 
behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor as a Defaulted Loan and/or any Security which have 
been classified by the Servicer on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor as a Defaulted 
Security.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
Defaulted Securities means the Securities which may be classified as defaulted in accordance 
with the provisions of the Collection Policies. 
Defaulted Loan means a Mortgage Loan in relation to which the relevant Receivable is a 
Defaulted Receivable. 
Defaulted Receivable means a Receivable classified as defaulted in accordance with the 
provisions of the Collection Policies, as applied in compliance with the provisions of the Bank 
of Italy’s supervisory regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza della Banca d’Italia) and in 
accordance with a prudent management of the Receivables carried out with the highest 
professional standards; as at the date hereof, a Receivable is classified as defaulted if it is 
classified as in sofferenza in accordance with the provisions of the Bank of Italy’s supervisory 
regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza della Banca d’Italia) and with the provisions of the 
Collection Policies when the Arrears Ratio is at least equal to (i) 10, in case of Mortgage 
Loans providing for monthly instalments, (ii) 4, in case of Mortgage Loans providing for 
quarterly instalments and (iii) 2, in case of Mortgage Loans providing for semi-annual 
instalments. For the purposes of this definition, Arrears Ratio means, at the end of each 
monthly reference period, the ratio between (a) all amounts due and unpaid as principal and/or 
interest (excluding any default interest) in relation to the relevant Receivable and (b) the 
amount of the instalment of the relevant Receivable which was due immediately prior to the 
end of that month.   
Eligible Portfolio means the aggregate of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets, without any double counting (including any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts 
(other than the Expenses Account, the Corporate Account and the Quota Capital Account), 
and the Eligible Investments), excluding (a) any Defaulted Assets and those Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets in relation to which a breach of any of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Master Transfer Agreement has 
occurred and has not been remedied, (b) any Eligible Asset, Integration Asset and/or Liquid 
Assets included in the Portfolio consisting of receivables indicated under Article 129, 
Paragraph 1 (f) of the CRR) exceeds 10% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the assets included in the Portfolio, (c) the aggregate of Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in excess of the Exposure Limit; (d) unsecured receivables, in case a default pursuant 
to article 178 of the CRR occurs, as provided by article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (a) of 
Law 130. 
Liquidation Costs means any potential operational and administrative cost affecting the 
Guarantor following the Issuer Event of Default and related to the liquidation of the cover 
pool underlying the Programme. Such amount is estimated by multiplying the number of 
existing Covered Bonds maturing in different Guarantor Interest Periods for the estimated 
operational and administrative costs related to the potential sale of the underlying assets 
occurring at each Guarantor Interest Period where at least one Covered Bond is maturing. 
Unless different communication is provided by the Servicer this amount is set at Euro 
300,000.00 for each affected Guarantor Interest Period.  
Exposure Limit means the limits set forth in Article 129, Paragraph 1a, lett. (a), (b), (c) and 
(d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to Article 129 paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR such limits 
shall not apply to “cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement for 
purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test. 
Latest Valuation means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to 
the relevant Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance 
with the requirements provided for under the Bank of Italy prudential regulations for banks 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 27 December 2006 with Circular no. 263 (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time)) addressed to the Issuer or obtained from an independently

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
maintained valuation model, acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage 
lenders in Italy. 
Net Deposit means, for each Debtor under a Mortgage Loan, an amount, as calculated by 
reference to the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period, equal to the lower of 
(i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of the assets included in the Portfolio in relation to 
which such Debtor is a debtor, and (ii) the aggregate amount of cash or saving accounts 
deposited by such Debtor with the Seller, as of the date on which all the formalities relating to 
the assignment of the assets relating to such Debtor, as provided for under the Master Transfer 
Agreement, have been complied with, as calculated by reference to the last day of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period and as reduced from time to time following the 
satisfaction by the Seller of such Debtor’s claims. 
Net Liquidity Outflow means all payment inflows falling due one day from the assets 
segregated in the SPV (including any payment expected to be received under the swap 
agreement) net of all payment outflows falling on the same day (including any payment due to 
the swap counterparty and costs), calculated in accordance with article 7-duodecies of Law 
130 and Section III, paragraph 3 of the BoI OBG Regulation, it being understood that when a 
Series is subject to extension of the relevant Maturity Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of such Series to be taken into account shall be based on the relevant Extended Maturity Date.  
Net Cumulative Liquidity Outflow means the cumulative value, if negative, of the Net 
Liquidity Outflow calculated on each temporal bucket set out in the paragraph 3 of the BoI 
OBG Regulation and according to the methodology calculation indicated by the same law.  
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds or any other asset the aggregate nominal principal amount 
outstanding of such loan, bond, Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or asset at such date. 
Potential Set-Off Amount means, with reference to Eligible Assets consisting of Receivables 
only, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of such assets included in the Portfolio that 
could potentially be set-off by the relevant Debtors against any credit owed by any such 
Debtor towards Intesa Sanpaolo. Such amount, which, subject to the provision below, will 
never be lower than the Net Deposits, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (based on 
the aggregate information provided by the Servicer) on each Calculation Date and/or on each 
other date on which the Nominal Value Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of 
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, provided that when the Issuer’s ratings 
are at least “P-2/Baa2” by Moody’s, the Potential Set-Off Amount shall be equal to 0 (zero). 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and the BoI OBG 
Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on 
a continuing basis and on each Calculation Date or on any other date on which the calculation 
of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is required to be met pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents, that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to 
or higher than the maximum Net Cumulative Liquidity Outflow of the Programme (the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount). 
In accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets 
standing to the credit of the Accounts shall be considered to contribute to the Eligible 
Portfolio, provided that such liquid assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible assets 
set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter (a), of Law 130. 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Calculation Agent shall 
verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents – that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Calculation

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
Date and on any other date on which the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents.    
Exposure Limit 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Calculation Agent shall 
verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents – that the aggregate amount of the Integration Assets and the 
Liquidity Assets shall comply with the Exposure Limit on each Calculation Date and on any 
other date on which the verification of the Exposure Limit is required pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents.  
Observed Eligible OC Amount 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Calculation Agent shall 
verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents – that the Observed Eligible OC Amount is met on each Calculation 
Date and on any other date on which the verification of the Observed Eligible OC Amount is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test 
The Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is intended to provide liquidity for Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds when the Issuer’s long-term credit ratings fall below the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Required Rating. 
On any Business Day falling during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period prior to the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default (each a Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date), the Calculation Agent 
will determine if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test has been breached, and if so, it shall 
immediately notify the Issuer, the Seller, the Hedging Counterparties and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders.  
For the purpose of this paragraph the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is complied with on any 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date if, during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, the Issuer’s credit 
rating is greater than or equal to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Rating.  
Pre-Maturity Rating Period means the period preceding the Maturity Date of any Series or 
Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds which may be required by the Rating Agency from 
time to time, being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 12 months. 
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall:  
(a) 
make a cash deposit in an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount 
of the Series or Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test relates on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account, opened 
in its name with a bank whose ratings are at least equal to the Minimum 
Required Account Bank Rating provided for under the Transaction Documents 
and pledged in favour of the Covered Bondholders; or 
(b) 
obtain a first demand, autonomous guarantee (meeting the criteria set forth by 
the Rating Agency) for an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount 
of the Series or Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test relates, by an eligible entity whose ratings are at least 
equal to the Minimum Required Pre-Maturity Liquidity Guarantor Rating; or

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
(c) 
take action in the form of a combination of the foregoing which in aggregate 
add up to an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount of the Series or 
Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Test relates; 
and/or 
(ii) 
the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall sell, subject to any pre-
emption right of the Seller or any Additional Seller (as the case may be) pursuant to 
the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, Selected Assets and Integration Assets in 
accordance with the procedures set out in the Portfolio Administration Agreement, for 
an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount of the Series or 
Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test 
relates. 
If the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is 
breached and the Issuer or the Servicer (on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor) has not 
taken the required actions (as described above) following the breach by the earlier to occur of: 
(a) 
20 Business days from the date on which the Issuer is notified of the breach of the 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test; and 
(b) 
the Maturity Date of that Series of Covered Bonds, 
an Issuer Event of Default shall occur and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will 
serve a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
For the purposes of this section: 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount which is an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds plus or minus any swap 
termination amounts payable respectively by or to the Covered Bond Guarantor less amounts 
standing to the credit of the Accounts (excluding the Expense Account, the Corporate 
Account and the Quota Capital Account and all the amounts required to repay any Series of 
Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds and all the amounts to be applied on the following Guarantor Payment Date to repay 
higher ranking amounts in the relevant Priorities of Payments) less the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of any Eligible Investments. 
Set-Off Risk  
Pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken, upon 
occurrence of an Issuer Downgrade Event, to notify the Rating Agency, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of such 
events. Further to such downgrade, and for so long as the rating is not re-established above 
such levels, the Potential Set-Off Amount will be calculated and factored for the purposes of 
the Nominal Value Test. Upon occurrence of an Issuer Downgrade Event, the Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Rating Agency of the Potential Set-Off Amount on a quarterly basis.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS  
PART A 
The following provisions shall be applicable to any deposit and withdrawal in respect of the 
Accounts until the Change of Account Date indicated in the Change of Account Notice 
pursuant to Clause 3.2(b) of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
1. 
The Receivables Collection Account 
Deposits 
The Servicer shall transfer to the Receivables Collection Account all payments and recovery 
amounts received by the Servicer and/or the Special Servicer in relation to the Receivables, 
with value date as of the relevant date of receipt. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, Intesa Sanpaolo shall transfer any amount standing to the credit 
of the Receivables Collection Account to the Intesa Sanpaolo Investment Account on a daily 
basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt. 
(b) 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, Intesa Sanpaolo shall 
transfer to the Intesa Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the 
Receivables Collection Account, if any. 
2. 
The Securities Collection Accounts  
2.1 The Interest Securities Collection Account  
Deposits 
All interest amounts paid in relation to the Securities (other than the Securities constituting 
Liquid Assets), shall be transferred to the Intesa Interest Securities Collection Account, with 
value date as of the relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, the Relevant Account Bank shall transfer any amount standing 
to the credit of the Relevant Interest Securities Collection Account to the Intesa Investment 
Account on a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt.  
(b) 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Relevant Account 
Bank shall transfer to the Intesa Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited 
to the Relevant Interest Securities Collection Account, if any. 
2.2 The Principal Securities Collection Account 
Deposits 
All principal amounts paid in relation to the Securities (including any proceeds arising from 
the liquidation of the Securities) (other than the Securities constituting Liquid Assets), shall be 
transferred to the Intesa Principal Securities Collection Account with value date as of the 
relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, the Relevant Account Bank shall transfer any amount standing 
to the credit of the Relevant Principal Securities Collection Account to the Intesa Investment 
Account on a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
(b) 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Relevant Account 
Bank shall transfer to the Intesa Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited 
to the Relevant Principal Securities Collection Account, if any. 
3. 
The Investment Account 
Deposits  
The Relevant Account Bank shall transfer the following amounts to the Intesa Investment 
Account, on a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt: 
(a) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Receivables Collection Account and the 
Relevant Securities Collection Accounts; 
(b) 
the funds resulting from the reimbursement or liquidation of the Eligible Investments; 
(c) 
any amount to be credited to the Intesa Investment Account in accordance with the 
relevant Priorities of Payments;  
(d) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Relevant Payment Account, after (i) 
distribution in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payment, or (ii) payments due on 
the relevant CB Payment Dates, or (iii) payments of the purchase price to be paid in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement; 
(e) 
any proceeds arising from the liquidation of Receivables, with value date as of the 
relevant date of receipt, pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement and other 
Transaction Documents; 
(f) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account shall be 
transferred 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date;  
(g) 
the necessary funds needed to ensure payments due by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
shall be transferred from the Liquidity Buffer Account upon instructions of the Cash Manager. 
Withdrawals 
The Relevant Account Bank shall transfer the following amounts from the Relevant 
Investment Account: 
(a) 
no later than 2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, any amount 
standing to the credit of the Relevant Investment Account (other than the Liability Swap 
Principal Accumulation Amount (as provided for under the Payments Report delivered by the 
Calculation Agent) and the Interest Accumulation Amount), shall be transferred to the Intesa 
Payment Account;  
(b) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date, any amount to be paid under the 
Liability Swaps on such CB Payment Date (as provided for under the Payments Report 
delivered by the Calculation Agent), shall be transferred to the Intesa Payment Account; 
(c) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date, the Interest Accumulation Amount 
shall be transferred to the Intesa Payment Account; 
(d) 
2 Business Days prior to each date on which a purchase price is to be paid under the 
Master Transfer Agreement, an amount equal to the relevant purchase price to be paid by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall be transferred to the Intesa Payment Account; 
(e) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
(which has not been withdrawn), any amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB 
Payment Date shall be transferred to the Intesa Payment Account;

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
(f) 
on the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of 
interest accrued and credited to the Relevant Investment Account shall be transferred to the 
Intesa Payment Account. 
4. 
The Securities Account 
Deposits  
Intesa Sanpaolo will deposit and keep in the Intesa Securities Account all the Eligible Assets 
and Integration Assets consisting of securities (other than the Eligible Investments), further to 
the relevant purchase in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Withdrawals 
All Eligible Assets and Integration Assets consisting of securities (other than the Eligible 
Investments) will be (a) liquidated in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, or (b) sold to the relevant Seller in accordance with the Master 
Transfer Agreement, and the proceeds thereof shall be credited by Intesa Sanpaolo to the 
Relevant Investment Account. 
5. 
The Eligible Investments Account 
Deposits 
The Relevant Account Bank will deposit (i) all securities constituting Eligible Investments 
purchased by the Cash Manager on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor with the amounts 
standing to the credit of the Relevant Investment Account in the Intesa Eligible Investments 
Account pursuant to any order of the Cash Manager; and (ii) all securities being Liquid 
Assets. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
No later than 3 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date falling prior to 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event, or following service of an 
Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has subsequently been withdrawn), the Eligible Investments 
standing to the credit of the Relevant Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated for an 
amount equal to the Interest Accumulation Amount and proceeds thereof shall be credited by 
the Relevant Account Bank to the Intesa Investment Account, unless there are sufficient funds 
already deposited in the Intesa Investment Account to cover the Interest Accumulation 
Amount. 
(b) 
No later than 3 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date falling after 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 
74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), all the Eligible Investments standing to the 
credit of the Relevant Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated and proceeds thereof 
shall be credited by the Relevant Account Bank to the Intesa Investment Account. 
(c) 
No later than 3 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all the Eligible 
Investments and Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Relevant Eligible Investments 
Account will be liquidated and proceeds thereof shall be credited to the Intesa Investment 
Account. 
(d) Upon instructions of the Cash Manager, all the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the 
Relevant Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated and proceeds thereof shall be 
credited to the Investment Account. 
6. 
The Quota Capital Account 
Deposits

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
All the sums contributed by the Quotaholders as quota capital of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and all interest accrued from time to time thereon. 
Withdrawals 
Upon liquidation of the Covered Bond Guarantor, all sums standing to the credit of the Quota 
Capital Account shall be distributed in accordance with the financial statements prepared by 
the liquidator of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
7. 
The Expenses Account 
Deposits 
The Account Bank shall transfer into the Expenses Account on the Guarantor Payment Date 
falling in January of each calendar year, an amount equal to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Disbursement Amount.  
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account to pay all general expenses 
incurred in connection with the Programme (the Expenses), other than corporate costs and 
expenses of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank shall 
transfer to the Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Expenses 
Account. 
8. 
The Corporate Account 
Deposits  
The Account Bank shall transfer into the Corporate Account on the Guarantor Payment Date 
falling in January of each calendar year, an amount equal to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Retention Amount. 
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Corporate Account to pay all the corporate expenses 
which are due and payable from time to time. 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank shall 
transfer to the Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Corporate 
Account. 
9. 
The Payment Account 
Deposits  
The Relevant Account Bank shall transfer, or procure the transfer of, or the following amounts 
shall be paid into, the Intesa Payment Account: 
(a) 
2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date:  
(i) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Relevant Investment Account;  
 
(ii) 
any amounts to be paid by the Asset Hedging Counterparty under the Asset 
Swaps;  
(iii) 
any amount of interest accrued and credited to each of the Relevant 
Investment Account, the Relevant Securities Collection Accounts, the Receivables 
Collection Account, the Expenses Account and the Corporate Account;

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
(b) 
2 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date:  
(i) 
from the Relevant Investment Account any amount to be paid under the 
Liability Swaps on such CB Payment Date;  
(ii) 
any amounts to be paid by the Liability Hedging Counterparty under the 
Liability Swaps; 
(iii) 
any Interest Accumulation Amount deposited on the Relevant Investment 
Account; 
(c) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
(which has not been withdrawn), from the Relevant Investment Account, any amount to be 
paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB Payment Date; 
(d) 
2 Business Days prior to each date on which a purchase price has to be paid under the 
Master Transfer Agreement, from the Relevant Investment Account, an amount equal to the 
relevant purchase price which shall have to be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(e) 
any drawdown under the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager will execute payments or credit 
the relevant amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments (including the 
purchase price of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets funded through 
Available Funds), provided that on the Business Day immediately following each Guarantor 
Payment Date, any remaining amount will be transferred to the Intesa Investment Account.  
(b) 
On each relevant CB Payment Date, the Cash Manager will execute payments of any 
amount due and payable under the Liability Swaps. 
(c) 
1 Business Day prior to each CB Payment Date (or on each CB Payment Date, if so 
agreed between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Paying Agent) falling after an 
Issuer Event of Default, an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which 
has not been withdrawn) or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Cash Manager 
will transfer to the Paying Agent the amounts necessary to execute payments of interest and 
principal due in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Default Priority of Payments or Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments (as the case may 
be).  
(d) 
2 Business Days following the relevant CB Payment Date, any amount in excess, after 
payments of the amounts mentioned above, will be transferred by the Cash Manager to the 
Intesa Investment Account. 
(e) 
On the date on which the purchase price of the relevant Portfolio is to be paid in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement, the Cash Manager shall 
transfer an amount equal to such purchase price to the Seller, it being understood that the Cash 
Manager will execute payments for the purchase of any Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets funded through the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the provisions of 
the Master Transfer Agreement. 
10. The Intesa Collateral Accounts 
If and when required in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement, the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty will post Swap Collateral into the relevant Intesa Collateral 
Account. Payments into and withdrawals from the Intesa Collateral Accounts shall be made in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
11. The Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account  
If a Hard Bullet Covered Bond is issued, the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be opened 
in the name of the Issuer with Intesa Sanpaolo or, if the rating of Intesa Sanpaolo is not at 
least equal to the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating, CA-CIB. 
Deposit 
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer, subject to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, shall make a cash deposit in an amount equal to the Required Redemption 
Amount of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Test relates on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account. The amounts standing from time to time 
to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be pledged in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Secured Creditors. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
the pledge on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be released promptly and any 
amounts credited on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be returned to the Issuer if: 
(i) 
the Issuer’s credit rating is once again greater than or equal to the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Required Rating; 
(ii) 
the Maturity Date of the relevant a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds has 
occurred and the Issuer has made the relevant payments in respect thereof; and 
(iii) 
no Maturity Date in relation to any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds will occur in the following 12 months or such other time period as may be 
agreed from time to time; 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service 
of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), any amounts credited on the 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be credited to the Payment Account. 
12. The Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Account  
If, at the option of the Issuer, the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Amount is set greater than 
zero, the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Account shall be opened in the name of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo or, if the rating of Intesa Sanpaolo is not at least equal 
to the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating, CA-CIB. Payments into and withdrawals 
from the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Account (if and when opened) shall be made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement.  
13. 
The Liquidity Buffer Account 
Deposits 
(a) 
Liquid Assets (other than securities) shall be credited for the purpose of the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount, pursuant to the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments or 
the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments, as applicable, or in accordance with clause 3.4 
(Remedy of a Breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount) of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
the proceeds from the liquidation of the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the 
Eligible Investments Account will be credited. 
Withdrawals

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
(a)  
any amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account shall be 
transferred 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, into the Investment 
Account; 
(b)  
upon instructions of the Cash Manager, to transfer from the Liquidity Buffer Account 
to the Investment Account the necessary funds needed to ensure payments due by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. 
 
PART B 
The provisions of this Part B shall be applicable to any deposit and withdrawal in respect of 
the Accounts from the Change of Accounts Date (included) indicated in the Change of 
Account Notice pursuant to Clause 3.2(b) of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
1. 
The Receivables Collection Account 
Deposits 
The Servicer shall transfer to the Receivables Collection Account all payments and recovery 
amounts received by the Servicer and/or the Special Servicer in relation to the Receivables, 
with value date as of the relevant date of receipt. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, Intesa Sanpaolo shall transfer any amount standing to the credit 
of the Receivables Collection Account to the CA-CIB Collection Account on a daily basis by 
the end of the relevant day of receipt. 
(b) 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, Intesa Sanpaolo 
shall transfer to the CA-CIB Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to 
the Receivables Collection Account, if any. 
2. 
The CA-CIB Collection Account 
Deposits 
Intesa Sanpaolo shall transfer any amount standing to the credit of the Receivables Collection 
Account to the CA-CIB Collection Account on a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of 
receipt. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, CA-CIB shall transfer any amount standing to the credit of the 
CA-CIB Collection Account to the CA-CIB Investment Account on a daily basis by the end of 
the relevant day of receipt. 
(b) 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, CA-CIB shall 
transfer to the CA-CIB Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the 
CA-CIB Collection Account, if any. 
3. 
The Securities Collection Accounts  
3.1 The Interest Securities Collection Account  
Deposits 
All interest amounts paid in relation to the Securities (other than the Securities constituting 
Liquid Assets), shall be transferred to the CA-CIB Interest Securities Collection Account with 
value date as of the relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, the Relevant Account Bank shall transfer any amount standing 
to the credit of the Relevant Interest Securities Collection Account to the CA-CIB Investment 
Account on a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt.  
(b) 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Relevant 
Account Bank shall transfer to the CA-CIB Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued 
and credited to the Relevant Interest Securities Collection Account, if any. 
3.2 The Principal Securities Collection Account 
Deposits 
All principal amounts paid in relation to the Securities (including any proceeds arising from 
the liquidation of the Securities) (other than the Securities constituting Liquid Assets), shall be 
transferred to the CA-CIB Principal Securities Collection Account with value date as of the 
relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, the Relevant Account Bank shall transfer any amount standing 
to the credit of the Relevant Principal Securities Collection Account to the CA-CIB 
Investment Account on a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt.  
(b) 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Relevant 
Account Bank shall transfer to the CA-CIB Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued 
and credited to the Relevant Principal Securities Collection Account, if any. 
4. 
The Investment Account 
Deposits  
The Relevant Account Bank shall transfer the following amounts to the CA-CIB Investment 
Account, on a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt: 
(a) 
 any amount standing to the credit of the Receivables Collection Account, the CA-
CIB Collection Account and the Relevant Securities Collection Accounts; 
(b) 
the funds resulting from the reimbursement or liquidation of the Eligible Investments; 
(c) 
any amount to be credited to the CA-CIB Investment Account in accordance with the 
relevant Priorities of Payments;  
(d) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Relevant Payment Account, after (i) 
distribution in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payment, or (ii) payments due on 
the relevant CB Payment Dates, or (iii) payments of the purchase price to be paid in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement; 
(e) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account shall be 
transferred 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date; 
(f) 
any proceeds arising from the liquidation of Receivables, with value date as of the 
relevant date of receipt, pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement and other 
Transaction Documents. 
Withdrawals 
The Relevant Account Bank shall transfer the following amounts from the Relevant 
Investment Account: 
(a) 
no later than 2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, any amount 
standing to the credit of the Relevant Investment Account (other than the Liability Swap 
Principal Accumulation Amount (as provided for under the Payments Report delivered by the

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
Calculation Agent) and the Interest Accumulation Amount), shall be transferred to the CA-
CIB Payment Account;  
(b) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date, any amount to be paid under the 
Liability Swaps on such CB Payment Date (as provided for under the Payments Report 
delivered by the Calculation Agent), shall be transferred to the CA-CIB Payment Account; 
(c) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date, the Interest Accumulation Amount 
shall be transferred to the CA-CIB Payment Account; 
(d) 
2 Business Days prior to each date on which a purchase price is to be paid under the 
Master Transfer Agreement, an amount equal to the relevant purchase price to be paid by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall be transferred to the CA-CIB Payment Account; 
(e) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
(which has not been withdrawn), any amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB 
Payment Date shall be transferred to the CA-CIB Payment Account; 
(f) 
on the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of 
interest accrued and credited to the Relevant Investment Account shall be transferred to the 
CA-CIB Payment Account. 
5. 
The Securities Account 
Deposits  
CA-CIB will deposit and keep in the CA-CIB Securities Account all the Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets consisting of securities (other than the Eligible 
Investments), further to the relevant purchase in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Transfer Agreement. 
Withdrawals 
All Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets consisting of securities (other than 
the Eligible Investments) will be (a) liquidated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement, or (b) sold to the relevant Seller in accordance with the 
Master Transfer Agreement, and the proceeds thereof shall be credited by CA-CIB to the 
Relevant Investment Account. 
6. 
The Eligible Investments Account 
Deposits 
The Relevant Account Bank will deposit all securities constituting Eligible Investments 
purchased by the Cash Manager on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor with the amounts 
standing to the credit of the Relevant Investment Account in the CA-CIB Eligible Investments 
Account pursuant to any order of the Cash Manager. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
No later than 3 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date falling prior to 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event, or following service of an 
Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has subsequently been withdrawn), the Eligible Investments 
standing to the credit of the Relevant Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated for an 
amount equal to the Interest Accumulation Amount and proceeds thereof shall be credited by 
the Relevant Account Bank to the CA-CIB Investment Account, unless there are sufficient 
funds already deposited in the CA-CIB Investment Account to cover the Interest 
Accumulation Amount.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
(b) 
No later than 3 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date falling after 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 
74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), all the Eligible Investments standing to the 
credit of the Relevant Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated and proceeds thereof 
shall be credited by the Relevant Account Bank to the CA-CIB Investment Account. 
(c) 
No later than 3 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all the Eligible 
Investments standing to the credit of the Relevant Eligible Investments Account will be 
liquidated and proceeds thereof shall be credited to the CA-CIB Investment Account. 
7. 
The Quota Capital Account 
Deposits 
All the sums contributed by the Quotaholders as quota capital of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and all interest accrued from time to time thereon. 
Withdrawals 
Upon liquidation of the Covered Bond Guarantor, all sums standing to the credit of the Quota 
Capital Account shall be distributed in accordance with the financial statements prepared by 
the liquidator of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
8. 
The Expenses Account 
Deposits 
The Account Bank shall transfer into the Expenses Account on the Guarantor Payment Date 
falling in January of each calendar year, an amount equal to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Disbursement Amount.  
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account to pay all general expenses 
incurred in connection with the Programme (the Expenses), other than corporate costs and 
expenses of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank shall 
transfer to the Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Expenses 
Account. 
9. 
The Corporate Account 
Deposits  
The Account Bank shall transfer into the Corporate Account on the Guarantor Payment Date 
falling in January of each calendar year, an amount equal to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Retention Amount. 
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Corporate Account to pay all the corporate expenses 
which are due and payable from time to time. 
On the 2nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank shall 
transfer to the Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Corporate 
Account. 
10. The Payment Account

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
Deposits  
The Relevant Account Bank shall transfer, or procure the transfer of, or the following amounts 
shall be paid into, the CA-CIB Payment Account: 
(a) 
2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date:  
(i) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Relevant Investment Account;  
 
(ii) 
any amounts to be paid by the Asset Hedging Counterparty under the Asset 
Swaps;  
(iii) 
any amount of interest accrued and credited to each of the Relevant 
Investment Account, the Relevant Securities Collection Accounts, the Receivables 
Collection Account, the CA-CIB Collection Account, the Expenses Account and the 
Corporate Account; 
(b) 
2 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date:  
(i) 
from the Relevant Investment Account any amount to be paid under the 
Liability Swaps on such CB Payment Date;  
(ii) 
any amounts to be paid by the Liability Hedging Counterparty under the 
Liability Swaps; 
(iii) 
any Interest Accumulation Amount deposited on the Relevant Investment 
Account; 
(c) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
(which has not been withdrawn), from the Relevant Investment Account, any amount to be 
paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB Payment Date; 
(d) 
2 Business Days prior to each date on which a purchase price has to be paid under the 
Master Transfer Agreement, from the Relevant Investment Account, an amount equal to the 
relevant purchase price which shall have to be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(e) 
any drawdown under the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager will execute payments or credit 
the relevant amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments (including the 
purchase price of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets funded through 
Available Funds), provided that on the Business Day immediately following each Guarantor 
Payment Date, any remaining amount will be transferred to the CA-CIB Investment Account.  
(b) 
On each relevant CB Payment Date, the Cash Manager will execute payments of any 
amount due and payable under the Liability Swaps. 
(c) 
1 Business Day prior to each CB Payment Date (or on each CB Payment Date, if so 
agreed between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Paying Agent) falling after an 
Issuer Event of Default, an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which 
has not been withdrawn) or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Cash Manager 
will transfer to the Paying Agent the amounts necessary to execute payments of interest and 
principal due in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Default Priority of Payments or Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments (as the case may 
be).

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
(d) 
2 Business Days following the relevant CB Payment Date, any amount in excess, after 
payments of the amounts mentioned above, will be transferred by the Cash Manager to the 
CA-CIB Investment Account. 
(e) 
On the date on which the purchase price of the relevant Portfolio is to be paid in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement, the Cash Manager shall 
transfer an amount equal to such purchase price to the Seller, it being understood that the Cash 
Manager will execute payments for the purchase of any Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets funded through the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the provisions of 
the Master Transfer Agreement. 
11. The CA-CIB Collateral Accounts 
If and when required in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement, the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty will post Swap Collateral into the CA-CIB Collateral Account. 
Payments into and withdrawals from the CA-CIB Collateral Accounts shall be made in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
12. The Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account  
If a Hard Bullet Covered Bond is issued, the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be opened 
in the name of the Issuer with Intesa Sanpaolo or, if the rating of Intesa Sanpaolo is not at 
least equal to the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating, CA-CIB. 
Deposit 
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer, subject to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, shall make a cash deposit in an amount equal to the Required Redemption 
Amount of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Test relates on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account. The amounts standing from time to time 
to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be pledged in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Secured Creditors. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
the pledge on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be released promptly and any 
amounts credited on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be returned to the Issuer if: 
(i) 
the Issuer’s credit rating is once again greater than or equal to the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Required Rating; 
(ii) 
the Maturity Date of the relevant a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds has 
occurred and the Issuer has made the relevant payments in respect thereof; and 
(iii) 
no Maturity Date in relation to any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds will occur in the following 12 months or such other time period as may be 
agreed from time to time; 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service 
of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), any amounts credited on the 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account shall be credited to the Payment Account. 
13. The Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Account  
If, at the option of the Issuer, the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Amount is set greater than 
zero, the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Account shall be opened in the name of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo or, if the rating of Intesa Sanpaolo is not at least equal 
to the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating, CA-CIB. Payments into and withdrawals

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
from the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Account (if and when opened) shall be made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
14. 
The Liquidity Buffer Account  
Deposits 
(a) 
Liquid Assets (other than securities) shall be credited for the purpose of the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount pursuant to the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments or the 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments, as applicable, or in accordance with clause 3.4 
(Remedy of a Breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount) of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
the proceeds from the liquidation of the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the 
Eligible Investments Account will be credited. 
Withdrawals 
(a)  
any amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account shall be 
transferred 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, into the Investment 
Account; 
(b)  
upon instructions of the Cash Manager, to transfer from the Liquidity Buffer Account 
to the Investment Account the necessary funds needed to ensure payments due by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
CASH FLOWS 
This section summarises the cash flows of the Covered Bond Guarantor only, as to the 
allocation and distribution of amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts and their order of 
priority (all such orders of priority, the Priority of Payments) (a) prior to an Issuer Event of 
Default and a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following an Issuer Event of 
Default but prior to a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and (c) following a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
1. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a 
Notice to Pay (or following the withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay), the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds to make payments due on such Guarantor 
Payment Date or to make provisions towards payments due after such Guarantor Payment 
Date in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
of a higher priority have been made in full) (the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of 
Payments): 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any 
and all taxes due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor;  
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay 
any Covered Bond Guarantor’s documented fees, costs, expenses, in order to preserve 
its corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation and any other obligation relating to the Programme, to the extent that such 
costs and expenses are not to be paid under any other item ranking junior hereto 
and/or are not met by utilising any amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account and/or the Corporate Account and (b) to credit the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Disbursement Amount into the Expenses Account and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Retention Amount into the Corporate Account; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any 
amount due and payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Account Banks, the Cash Manager, the Calculation 
Agent, the Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Paying Agent, the 
Servicer, the Special Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special 
Servicer’s Delegates (if any), and the Swap Service Providers;  
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay 
any Hedging Senior Payments, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on 
such Guarantor Payment Date, under the Swap Agreements and (b) to credit to the 
Relevant Investment Account an amount equal to the Interest Accumulation Amount, 
to be used for any interest payment due on the CB Payment Dates falling during the 
immediately following Guarantor Interest Period, in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds in relation to which (i) no Liability Swaps have been entered into or (ii) the 
relevant Liability Swaps have been terminated; 
(v) 
fifth, if a Reserve Fund Rating Event occurs and is continuing, to credit to the 
Relevant Investment Account an amount equal to the Reserve Fund Required 
Amount; 
(vi) 
sixth, to credit to the Relevant Investment Account an amount equal to the amounts 
paid under item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments on any 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date and not yet repaid;

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
(vii) 
seventh, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, to credit all remaining Interest 
Available Funds to the Relevant Investment Account until such Servicer Termination 
Event is either remedied by the Servicer or waived by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or a new servicer is appointed to service the Portfolio; 
(viii) 
eighth, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test or any of the Tests is not satisfied on the 
Calculation Date immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date or an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default has occurred 
on or prior to such Guarantor Payment Date or the Issuer has not paid interest and 
principal due on the CB Payment Dates falling in the immediately preceding 
Guarantor Interest Period or on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to credit all 
remaining Interest Available Funds to the Relevant Investment Account until the 
following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay any amount arising out of any termination event under any Swap 
Agreements not provided for under item (iv) above; 
(x) 
tenth, to pay any other amount due and payable to the Seller, the Additional Sellers (if 
any) or the Issuer under any Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement);  
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof 
any amount due and payable as Base Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan, 
in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay any Additional Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan, in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement.   
2. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a 
Notice to Pay (or following the withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay), the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds to make payments due on such Guarantor 
Payment Date or to make provisions towards payments due after such Guarantor Payment 
Date in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
of a higher priority have been made in full) (the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of 
Payments): 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) to (iv) of the Pre-Issuer 
Default Interest Priority of Payments, to the extent that the Interest Available Funds 
are not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments in full;  
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay 
any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of principal due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date under the Asset Swaps and (b) to pay any Hedging Senior 
Payment in respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date 
under the Liability Swaps or to credit to the Relevant Investment Account an amount 
equal to the Liability Swap Principal Accumulation Amount to be used for Hedging 
Senior Payment under the Liability Swaps after the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iii) 
third, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test (if applicable) is satisfied, to pay, pari passu 
and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, the purchase price of the 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets offered for sale by the Seller 
or any Additional Sellers in the context of Revolving Assignment in accordance with 
the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement;

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account with an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 
the Principal Available Funds available under this item and (b) the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount;  
(v) 
fifth, to deposit on the Relevant Investment Account any residual Principal Available 
Funds in an amount sufficient to ensure that, taking into account the other resources 
available to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Tests are met;  
(vi) 
sixth, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, all residual Principal Available 
Funds to be credited to the Relevant Investment Account until such event of default of 
the Servicer is either remedied by the Servicer or waived by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or a new servicer is appointed to service the Portfolio; 
(vii) 
seventh, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test or any of the Tests and/or the Liquidity 
Reserve Target Amount are not satisfied on the Calculation Date immediately 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date or an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default has occurred on or prior to such Guarantor 
Payment Date or the Issuer has not paid interest and principal due on the CB Payment 
Dates falling in the immediately preceding Guarantor Interest Period or on the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to credit all remaining Principal Available Funds to 
the Relevant Investment Account or on the Liquidity Buffer Account, as the case may 
be; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay any amount arising out of any termination event under any Swap 
Agreements not provided for under item (ii) above; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay any other amount due and payable to the Seller, the Additional Sellers (if 
any) or the Issuer under any Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement) not already provided for under item (x) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
(x) 
tenth, to pay the amount (if any) due to the Seller as principal redemption under the 
Subordinated Loan (including as a consequence of richiesta di rimborso anticipato as 
indicated therein) subject to the provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
provided that the Tests, the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test and the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount are still satisfied after such payment. 
3. 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following either an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not 
been withdrawn) or an Issuer Event of Default, but prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default, the Covered Bond Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to 
make payments due on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make provisions towards 
payments due after such Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority set out below (in 
each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) 
(the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
expenses and taxes, in order to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in good 
standing and to comply with applicable legislation; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay 
any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Account Banks, the Cash Manager, the Administrative Services Provider, the 
Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Paying Agent, the 
Servicer, the Special Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the Swap Service Providers and the Back-up Servicer (if 
appointed), and (b) to credit the Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount into 
the Expenses Account and the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount into the 
Corporate Account;  
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay 
any Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on 
such Guarantor Payment Date, under the Swap Agreements and (b) to pay any interest 
amount due and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date 
falling on such Guarantor Payment Date or to credit to the Relevant Investment 
Account an amount equal to the Interest Accumulation Amount, to be used for any 
interest payment due on the CB Payment Dates falling during the immediately 
following Guarantor Interest Period (except if the relevant CB Payment Date falls on 
the first day of such immediately following Guarantor Interest Period), in respect of 
any Series of Covered Bonds in relation to which (i) no Liability Swaps have been 
entered into or (ii) the relevant Liability Swaps have been terminated;  
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay 
any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of principal due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date under the Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior 
Payment, in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date 
under the Liability Swaps or to credit to the Relevant Investment Account an amount 
equal to the Liability Swap Principal Accumulation Amount to be used for Hedging 
Senior Payments under the Liability Swaps during the next following Guarantor 
Interest Period, and (c) to pay any amount in respect of principal due and payable on 
each Series of Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date falling on such Guarantor 
Payment Date or to credit to the Relevant Investment Account any amount in respect 
of principal to be paid on each CB Payment Dates falling during the next following 
Guarantor Interest Period; 
(v) 
fifth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account with an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 
the Available Funds available under this item, and (b) the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount; 
(vi) 
sixth, to deposit on the Relevant Investment Account any residual amount until all 
Covered Bonds are fully repaid or an amount equal to the Required Redemption 
Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding has been accumulated; 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any amount arising out of any termination event under any Swap Agreement not 
provided for under items (iii) and (iv) above; 
(viii) 
eighth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been 
repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series 
of Covered Bonds outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, any other amount due and payable to the 
Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction Document 
(other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
(ix) 
ninth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been 
repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series 
of Covered Bonds outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as Base Interest Amount 
under the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement;

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
(x) 
tenth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been 
repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series 
of Covered Bonds outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as principal under the 
Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(xi) 
eleventh, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been 
repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series 
of Covered Bonds outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as Additional Interest 
Amount under the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
4. 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (or a receiver appointed on its behalf) will use the 
Available Funds to make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if 
and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) (the Post-
Guarantor Default Priority of Payments): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
expenses and taxes; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to 
pay any amounts due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Account Banks, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Administrative 
Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Servicer, the Special 
Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special Servicer’s Delegates (if 
any), the Swap Service Providers and the Back-up Servicer (if appointed), and (b) to 
credit an amount up to the Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount into the 
Expenses Account and the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount into the 
Corporate Account;  
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay 
any Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on 
such Guarantor Payment Date, under the Swap Agreements and (b) to pay any 
amount, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on each Series of Covered 
Bonds;  
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay 
any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of principal due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, under the Swap Agreements and (b) to pay any amount in 
respect of principal due and payable under each Series of Covered Bonds on such 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount arising out of any termination event under any Swap Agreements not 
provided for under items (iii) and (iv) above;  
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
other amount due and payable to the Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any) or the 
Issuer under any Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement);

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any amount due as Base Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan, in accordance 
with the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any amounts due as principal under the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any amount due as Additional Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan, in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds to the Issuer from the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will be used by 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group for general funding purposes.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS  
1. Master Transfer Agreement 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller assigned and transferred the Initial 
Portfolio to the Covered Bond Guarantor, without recourse (pro soluto) and in accordance 
with Law 130. Furthermore, the Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor agreed that the Seller 
may assign and transfer Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time, on a revolving basis, in the cases and subject to 
the limits for the transfer of further Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets. 
Assignment of Further Portfolios 
For each assignment of a Further Portfolio, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay the Seller 
an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all the Individual Purchase Prices of each 
Receivable and/or Security included in such Further Portfolio, to be calculated in accordance 
with the provisions set forth under the Master Transfer Agreement. 
On the relevant Selection Date (i) the Receivables included in each Further Portfolio shall 
comply with the General Criteria (and, if applicable in relation to the relevant issuance, the 
Specific Criteria) and (ii) the Securities included in each Further Portfolio shall comply with 
the characteristics set out in the Master Transfer Agreement. The Portfolio may also include 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets provided that the total amount of such Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets counted for the purposes of the Mandatory Tests does not exceed 
the Exposure Limit, ensuring the compliance with the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, as 
applicable. 
Each assignment of a Further Portfolio shall be aimed at: 
• 
issuing further Covered Bonds, to be funded through the amounts made available under 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement (an Issuance Collateralisation Assignment); or 
• 
purchasing additional Eligible Assets utilising the principal Collections received by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor with respect to the Eligible Assets which are part of the Portfolio in 
accordance with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments (a Revolving 
Assignment of Eligible Assets); or 
• 
purchasing additional Eligible Assets or Integration Assets or Liquid Assets, utilising the 
principal Collections received by the Covered Bond Guarantor with respect to the Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets which are part of the Portfolio in accordance 
with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments (a Revolving Assignment of 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets and, together with the Revolving Assignments of 
Eligible Assets, Revolving Assignments); or 
• 
complying with the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the 
Exposure Limit and preventing the breach of the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount or the Exposure Limit, in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement 
(an Integration Assignment). 
The obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to purchase any Further Portfolio is subject to 
the occurrence of certain conditions including, without limitation, (a) in respect of any 
Revolving Assignment or Integration Assignment carried out by way of payment by 
Collections, the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds on the Guarantor Payment 
Date immediately succeeding the relevant Calculation Date, as calculated on the basis of the 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments; and (b) the amount of money required for

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
funding an Issuance Collateralisation Assignments or Integration Assignments other than 
those referred to under letter (a) above which shall be drawn under the Subordinated Loan, 
together with all outstanding drawings thereunder, is not higher than the Maximum Amount. 
The obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to purchase any Further Portfolio is also 
subject to further conditions subsequent set out in the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Price Adjustments 
The Master Transfer Agreement provides for a price adjustment mechanism, pursuant to 
which: 
(a) 
if, following the relevant Selection Date, any Receivable included in any Further 
Portfolio does not meet the applicable Criteria, then such Receivable will be deemed 
not to have been assigned and transferred to the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to 
the Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
if, following the relevant Selection Date, a Receivable which has not been included in 
a Further Portfolio meets the applicable Criteria, then such Receivable shall be 
deemed to have been assigned and transferred to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement, with 
economic effects as of the Evaluation Date of the relevant Portfolio. 
Repurchase of Receivables and pre-emption right 
The Seller is granted, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, an option right (diritto di 
opzione) to repurchase Receivables and/or Securities and/or Liquid Assets and/or Integration 
Assets included in the relevant Portfolio, individually or in block, also in different tranches, 
on the terms and conditions set out in the Master Transfer Agreement. In particular, in order 
to exercise such option right, the Seller must pay the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount to 
be calculated under and in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
The exercise of the option right shall be conditional upon, inter alia, (a) verification by the 
Calculation Agent, and confirmation of the Seller, that the exercise of such right shall not 
cause a breach of the applicable Tests and/or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the 
Exposure Limit (provided that, inter alia, such letter (a) will not apply with reference to (i) 
Receivables and/or Securities and/or Liquid Assets and/or Integration Assets which value, for 
the purposes of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the Exposure Limit is equal 
to 0 (zero) and (ii) Receivables (other than the Receivables indicated under point (i) above) to 
be counted for the purposes of the Tests and/or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the 
Exposure Limit whose repurchase price, together with the repurchase price of Receivables 
repurchased during the same year, is cumulatively lower than, or equal to, €30 millions) and 
(b) the absence of an Insolvency Event (other than risoluzione or misure di intervento 
precoce) of the Seller. 
The Seller is also granted a pre-emption right (diritto di prelazione) to repurchase Receivables 
and/or Securities and/or Liquid Assets, which the Covered Bond Guarantor may wish to sell 
to third parties, at the same terms and conditions provided to such third parties. Such pre-
emption rights shall cease should the Seller be submitted to any of the proceedings set out 
under Title V of the Banking Law. 
Termination of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s obligation to purchase Further Portfolios 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
purchase Further Portfolios shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) a 
breach of the undertakings and duties of the Seller pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in 
the event such breach is not cured within the period specified in the Master Transfer 
Agreement, or it is otherwise not curable; (b) a material breach of the Seller’s representations

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
and warranties given in any of the Transaction Documents; (c) the occurrence of a Seller’s 
material adverse change; (d) the Seller becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding or 
similar proceedings as specified in the Master Transfer Agreement; (e) the Seller ceasing to be 
the holding company of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group; (f) a change in law and regulations, 
following which the Programme becomes impossible or less convenient for the parties, both 
from an economic and commercial point of view; (g) the Seller being notified of the 
commencement of a judicial proceeding which may reasonably cause the occurrence of a 
material adverse change of the Seller; (h) the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default notified 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders both to the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor; (i) the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default; and (j) the Programme 
Termination Date has been reached.  
Further to the occurrence of any of the events described above, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
shall no longer be obliged to purchase Further Portfolios, provided that the occurrence of any 
of the events indicated under (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j) above shall not prevent Integration 
Assignments. 
Undertakings 
The Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Seller in 
respect of its activities in relation to, inter alia, the Receivables or Securities or Liquid Assets. 
The Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from carrying out activities with respect to the 
Receivables or Securities or Liquid Assets which may prejudice the validity or recoverability 
of any Receivable or Security or Liquid Asset and, in particular, not to assign or transfer the 
Receivables or Securities or Liquid Assets to any third party or to create any security interest, 
charge, lien or encumbrance or other right in favour of any third party in respect of the 
Receivables or Securities or Liquid Assets. The Seller has also undertaken to refrain from any 
action which could cause any of the Receivables or Security or Liquid Assets to become 
invalid or to cause a reduction in the amount of any of the Receivables, Securities, Liquid 
Assets or any security relating thereto. The Master Transfer Agreement also provides that the 
Seller shall waive any set off rights in respect of the Receivables or Securities or Liquid 
Assets, and cooperate actively with the Covered Bond Guarantor in any activity concerning 
the Receivables or Securities or Liquid Assets. 
Representations and warranties 
Under the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller has made certain representations and 
warranties to the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Specifically, the Seller has made and will make to the Covered Bond Guarantor, inter alia, 
representations and warranties in respect of: (i) its status and powers, (ii) information and the 
documents provided to the Covered Bond Guarantor, (iii) the ownership of the Receivables 
and the Securities, (iv) the status of the Receivables and the Securities, and (v) terms and 
conditions of the Receivables and the Securities. Such representations and warranties will be 
made and repeated in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
The Seller has undertaken to fully and promptly indemnify and hold harmless the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents, from and against any and all damages, 
losses, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorney’s fees and disbursements and any value added tax and other tax thereon as well as 
any claim for damages by third parties) awarded against, or incurred by, any of them, arising 
from any representations and/or warranties made by the Seller under the Master Transfer 
Agreement being materially false, incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Seller to 
perform any of its obligations and undertakings as set out in the Master Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
Governing Law 
The Master Transfer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Master Transfer Agreement, is governed by Italian Law. 
2. Servicing Agreement 
Under the terms of the Servicing Agreement, inter alia, (i) the Servicer has agreed (A) to 
administer and service the Receivables (with the exception of the Defaulted Receivables 
classified as in sofferenza) and the Securities and to carry out the collection activities relating 
to the Receivables and the Securities, on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, and (B) to 
monitor the compliance of the transaction with the law and the Prospectus in accordance with 
the provisions of article 2, paragraph 6-bis, of Law 130; and (ii) the Special Servicer has 
agreed to administer and service the Defaulted Receivables classified as in sofferenza. 
The appointment of the Servicer and the Special Servicer is not a mandate in rem propriam 
and, therefore, the Covered Bond Guarantor is entitled to revoke or terminate the same in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Servicing Agreement. 
As consideration for the activities performed in accordance with the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement, the Servicer and the Special Servicer shall receive certain fees, and shall have the 
right to be reimbursed of certain expenses, which shall be payable by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of 
Payments. The Servicing Agreement provides that, for as long as the Seller and any Special 
Servicer are part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, no fee shall be due to the relevant Special 
Servicer. 
Activities of the Servicer and the Special Servicer 
In the context of its appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best 
diligence and highest professional standards, inter alia, the activities specified below: 
(i) administration and management of the Receivables (with the exception of the Defaulted 
Receivables classified as in sofferenza) and the Securities and collection of the Receivables 
and the Securities in accordance with the Servicing Agreement, the Collection Policies and the 
OBG Regulations; 
(ii) performance of certain activities with reference to the data processing pursuant to the 
Privacy Law; 
(iii) keeping and maintaining updated and safe the documents relating to the Receivables or 
Securities transferred from the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor; consenting to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders examining and 
inspecting the documents and producing copies thereof; 
(iv) upon the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Servicer shall 
follow only the instructions given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and 
disregard those instructions given by the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
In the context of its appointment, the Special Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best 
diligence and highest professional standards, inter alia, the activities relating to the 
administration and management of the Defaulted Receivables classified as in sofferenza and 
the commencement and management of the judicial and insolvency proceedings relating 
thereto, in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and the Collection Policies. 
Each of the Servicer and the Special Servicer are entitled to delegate the performance of 
certain activities to third parties, except for the supervisory activities which the Servicer shall 
be bound to carry out in accordance with the BoI Regulations. Notwithstanding the above,

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
each of the Servicer and/or the Special Servicer shall remain fully liable for the activities 
performed by any party so appointed by it, and shall maintain the Covered Bond Guarantor 
fully indemnified for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a 
party so appointed. 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit monthly and quarterly reports to, inter 
alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, 
the Rating Agency, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Hedging 
Counterparties and the Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, 
containing information about the Collections made in respect of the Portfolio during the 
preceding calendar month or Collection Period (respectively). The reports will provide the 
main information relating to the Servicer’s activity during the relevant period, including 
without limitation, a description of the Portfolio (outstanding amount, principal and interest) 
and information relating to delinquencies, defaults and collections. 
Successor Servicer and Successor Special Servicer 
According to the Servicing Agreement, upon the occurrence of a termination event, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall have the right to terminate the appointment of the Servicer 
and/or the Special Servicer (as the case may be) and, subject to the approval in writing of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to appoint a Successor Servicer and/or Successor 
Special Servicer (as relevant). The relevant successor shall have certain characteristics as set 
out under the Servicing Agreement and shall undertake to carry out the activities of the 
Servicer and/or the Special Servicer (as relevant) by entering into a servicing agreement 
having substantially the same form and contents as the Servicing Agreement and accepting the 
terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may terminate (revocare) the appointment of the Servicer upon 
the occurrence of any of the following termination events:  
 
(i) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to the Servicer or the 
Servicer resolving upon the entering into an Insolvency Proceeding or a voluntary 
liquidation; 
(ii) 
failure by the Servicer to observe or perform certain of its duties (as set out under 
the Servicing Agreement) and the continuation of such failure for a period of 15 
Business Days following receipt of written notice from the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, provided that such failure may prejudice the activities of the Servicer 
under the Servicing Agreement; 
(iii) 
inability of the Servicer to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy’s 
regulations for entities acting as servicer; 
(iv) 
termination of the appointment of the First Special Servicer, if the Servicer and the 
First Special Servicer are the same entity. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may terminate (revocare) the appointment of the Special 
Servicer upon the occurrence of any of the following termination events:  
(i) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to the Special Servicer or the 
Special Servicer resolving upon the entering into an Insolvency Proceeding or a 
voluntary liquidation; 
(ii) 
failure by the Special Servicer to observe or perform certain of its duties (as set out 
under the Servicing Agreement) and the continuation of such failure for a period of 15 
Business Days following receipt of written notice from the Covered Bond Guarantor,

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
provided that such failure may prejudice the activities of the Special Servicer under 
the Servicing Agreement; 
(iii) 
termination of the appointment of the Servicer, if the Servicer and the First Special 
Servicer are the same entity. 
Governing Law 
The Servicing Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Servicing Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
3. Subordinated Loan Agreement 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Provider granted the 
Covered Bond Guarantor a Subordinated Loan for a maximum amount equal to Euro 
45,000,000,000, or such other higher amount which will be notified by the Subordinated Loan 
Provider to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement (the Maximum Amount). Under the provisions of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, upon the relevant disbursement notice being filed by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Subordinated Loan Provider shall make advances to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in amounts equal to (i) with respect to the first advance, the purchase price of the 
Initial Portfolio, and (ii) for any subsequent advance, the amount from time to time necessary 
to (a) purchase Further Portfolios transferred in the context of Integration Assignments (aimed 
at purchasing Eligible Assets and Integration Assets for curing a breach of the Mandatory 
Tests) and Issuance Collateralisation Assignments or (b) include in the Portfolio Liquid 
Assets or Integration Assets to satisfy the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the 
Exposure Limit if applicable. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay any amounts due under the Subordinated Loan in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments. The Subordinated Loan shall be 
remunerated by way of (i) the Base Interest Amount, and (ii) the Additional Interest Amount. 
Governing Law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
4. Covered Bond Guarantee 
On or about the First Issue Date the Covered Bond Guarantor issued the Covered Bond 
Guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, in 
accordance with Article 7-bis of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree as applicable until 
the Implementation Date, and Articles 7-sexies, paragraph 1, letter (c) and 7-quaterdecies of 
Law 130 as applicable from the Implementation Date. 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, if the Issuer defaults in the payment on the 
due date (subject to any applicable grace periods) of any monies due and payable under or 
pursuant to the Covered Bonds, or if any other Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event 
occurs, the Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed (subject as described below) to pay, or 
procure to be paid, following service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a 
Notice to Pay or an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), unconditionally 
and irrevocably, any amounts due under the Covered Bonds as and when the same were 
originally due for payment by the Issuer, as of any Maturity Date or, if applicable, Extended 
Maturity Date. 
Pursuant to Articles 7-sexies, paragraph 1, letter (c) and 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, the 
guarantee provided under the Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand (a prima richiesta), 
unconditional, irrevocable (irrevocabile) and independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
therefore provides for direct and independent obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor vis-
à-vis the Covered Bondholders and with limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective 
of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the 
Issuer. The provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to fideiussione set forth in articles 
1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 (Limiti della fideiussione), 1944, 
paragraph 2 (Escussione preventiva), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 1955 
(Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del fideiussore per 
obbligazione futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell’obbligazione principale) shall not apply to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default and the service 
of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay or procure to be paid on the relevant Scheduled Due for 
Payment Date to the Covered Bondholders an amount equal to those Guaranteed Amounts 
which shall become due for payment in accordance with the relevant Conditions, but which 
have not been paid by the Issuer to the relevant Covered Bondholder on the relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date. 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and the service by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice in respect of all Covered Bonds, which shall become immediately due and repayable, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay or procure to be paid on the Due for Payment Date to 
the Covered Bondholders, the Guaranteed Amounts for all outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Following service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default, payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the Guaranteed 
Amounts pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made, subject to and in accordance 
with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment 
Date, provided that, if an Extended Maturity Date is envisaged under the relevant Final Terms 
and actually applied, any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor on any 
Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date. In addition, to the extent that the Covered Bond Guarantor has insufficient monies 
available after payment of higher ranking amounts and taking into account amounts ranking 
pari passu therewith in the relevant Priorities of Payments, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall 
make partial payments of the Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payments. 
Following service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice all Covered Bonds will 
accelerate against the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions, becoming 
due and payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves and the Available Funds 
shall be applied in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor will be 
made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, assessments or other governmental charges are required by law or 
regulation or administrative practice of any jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction 
is required, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such 
withholding or deduction and shall account to the appropriate tax authority for the amount 
required to be withheld or deducted. The Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay 
any amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect of the amount of such withholding or 
deduction.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
Exercise of rights 
Following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
(which has not been withdrawn) on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence 
of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 shall temporarily substitute the 
Issuer with respect to all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the Covered Bonds, so that the 
rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the right to 
receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Covered 
Bond Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of 
the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will 
be part of the Available Funds. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (other than the event referred under 
Condition 12(c)(iv)) and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior 
to the occurrence of any Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, in accordance with the provisions set forth under the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
shall substitute the Issuer with respect to all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the Covered 
Bonds, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will 
only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal 
from the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration 
of the substitution of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the performance of the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or 
through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, 
the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the 
Issuer will be part of the Available Funds. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default referred under Condition 12(c)(iv)) 
and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of 
a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, as of the date of administrative liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or to the greatest extent permissible by law, resolution 
(risoluzione) of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 shall substitute the Issuer with respect to all obligations of 
the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions 
originally set out for the Covered Bonds, so that the rights of payment of the Covered 
Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled 
Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Scheduled Due 
for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the 
performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall 
exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and 
any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds. 
As a consequence and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Covered Bondholders 
have irrevocably delegated to the Covered Bond Guarantor (also in the interest and for the 
benefit of the Covered Bond Guarantor) the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to 
enforce the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds, including any rights of enforcing any acceleration of payment provisions provided 
under the Conditions or under the applicable legislation. For this purpose the Representative

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, upon request of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, shall provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with any powers of 
attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem necessary or expedient for taking all 
necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct performance of its mandate. 
In each case the Guaranteed Amounts does not include any additional amounts payable under 
Condition 11(a) (Gross up by Issuer). 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bond Guarantee, is governed by Italian law. 
5. Administrative Services Agreement 
Pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement, the Administrative Services Provider has 
agreed to provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with a number of administrative services, 
including keeping of the corporate books and the accounting and tax registers of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. 
Governing Law 
The Administrative Services Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Administrative Services Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
6. Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the parties thereto agreed that all the 
Available Funds of the Covered Bond Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders and the 
Secured Creditors, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
will, subject to a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default having occurred, ensure that all 
the Available Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of the Covered Bond Guarantee’s 
payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Covered Bond Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders 
and each of the Secured Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. The Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors will have a claim against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject to and 
as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has granted a general irrevocable mandate to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, also in the interest and for the benefit of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, to act in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on the terms and conditions specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, so that the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise the rights of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, subject as 
provided for under the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Back-up Servicer 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken that, within 45 Business 
Days following the date on which the rating of the Issuer is lower than Baa3 by Moody’s, it 
shall identify and propose to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
Covered Bondholders one or more entities, having the characteristics required for the 
Successor Servicer under the Servicing Agreement, which would be prepared to act as back-
up servicer (the Back-up Servicer) in the context of the Programme. 
Upon receipt of a notification from the Issuer identifying one or more entities as provided 
above and indicating the commercial terms pursuant to which such entities may act as such 
and as Successor Servicer (upon termination of the appointment of the Servicer), the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (subject to the prior written approval of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders), will, within 15 Business Days, designate one of those entities to act as Back-up 
Servicer and enter into an agreement (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) with the entity so designated (the Back-up 
Servicing Agreement), pursuant to which such Back-up Servicer shall agree that, upon 
termination of the Servicer in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, it 
shall perform the servicing of the Portfolio substantially on the same terms and conditions 
provided under the Servicing Agreement, it being understood that the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall not be considered in breach of this Agreement nor be held liable if, at the end 
of that period, no Back-up Servicing Agreement has been executed and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor may prove to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (to the reasonable 
satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) that the negotiations (on 
economic and technical matters) with one or more entities identified in accordance with the 
paragraph above have not been completed and that the Back-up Servicing Agreement has not 
been executed for reasons which are not attributable to the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Governing Law 
The Intercreditor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Intercreditor Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
7. Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Account Banks, the Cash 
Manager, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Servicer, the Administrative 
Services Provider and the Calculation Agent will provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
certain calculation, notification and reporting services together with account handling and 
cash management services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Accounts. 
In particular, under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
the Relevant Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
account handling services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Accounts; 
(b) 
the Cash Manager will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bond Guarantor with a report 
(on or prior to each Quarterly Report Date), together with certain cash management services 
in relation to monies standing to the credit of the Accounts; 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bond Guarantor: (i) with 
the Payments Report, which will set out the Available Funds and the payments to be made on 
the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable 
Priorities of Payments; and (ii) with the Investor Report, which will set out certain 
information with respect to the Portfolio and the Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
the Paying Agent will provide the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
certain payment services.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
Account Banks 
The Accounts will be opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor and shall be 
operated by the Relevant Account Bank, and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall 
be debited and credited in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
On behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Relevant Account Bank shall maintain or 
ensure that records in respect of each of the Accounts are maintained and such records will, on 
or prior to each Quarterly Report Date, show separately: (i) the balance of each of the 
Accounts as of the immediately preceding Collection Date; (ii) the total interest accrued and 
paid on the Accounts as of the immediately preceding Collection Date; and (iii) details of all 
amounts or securities credited to, and transfers made from, each of the Accounts in the course 
of the immediately preceding Collection Period. The Relevant Account Bank will provide 
information to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Administrative Services Provider and/or the Calculation Agent, upon their request, 
regarding the balance of the Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that 
the Account Banks shall always maintain the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating 
provided for under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, provided that failure by 
Intesa Sanpaolo to so qualify shall not constitute a termination event in relation to it, but shall 
trigger the other consequences described under the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
Each Account Bank may resign from its appointment under the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may jointly terminate the appointment of each Account Bank pursuant to the 
terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. Each Account Bank shall not be 
released from its obligations under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement until its 
substitute, to be appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor jointly, has entered into the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the Master Definitions Agreement and has accepted the security 
created under the Pledge Agreement and the Deed of Charge and Assignment. 
Cash Manager 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to receiving the Payments 
Report from the Calculation Agent, execute the payment instructions stated by the Calculation 
Agent and shall allocate the amounts standing on the Payment Account according to the 
relevant Priorities of Payments, except for the payments to be carried out by the Paying Agent 
under the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
During each Collection Period, the Cash Manager may instruct the Relevant Account Bank to 
invest funds standing to the credit of the Relevant Investment Account in Eligible Investments 
on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set 
out in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Cash Manager shall have absolute 
discretion as to the types and amounts of Eligible Investments which it may acquire and as to 
the terms on which, through whom and on which markets, any purchase of Eligible 
Investments may be effected. As long as the Relevant Account Bank meets the requirements 
under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, with particular regard to the Minimum 
Required Account Bank Rating and the Collection Accounts and the Relevant Investment 
Account constitute Eligible Investments, the Cash Manager will be under no obligation or

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
duty whatsoever to instruct or consider instructing the Relevant Account Bank to invest funds 
standing to the credit of the Relevant Investment Account in any other Eligible Investment. 
The Cash Manager shall provide instructions to the Account Bank to transfer from the 
Liquidity Buffer Account to the Investment Account the necessary funds needed to ensure 
payments due by the Covered Bond Guarantor.  
On or prior to each Quarterly Report Date, the Cash Manager shall deliver a copy of its report 
to, inter alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and the Calculation Agent; such report shall include information on the Eligible Investments. 
The Cash Manager may resign from its appointment under the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may jointly terminate the appointment of the Cash Manager pursuant to the 
terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. The Cash Manager shall not be 
released from its obligations under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement until its 
substitute, to be appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor jointly, has entered into the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the Master Definitions Agreement and has accepted the security 
created under the Pledge Agreement and the Deed of Charge and Assignment. 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will prepare (i) on or prior to each Calculation Date and on any other 
date on which the verifications of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the 
Exposure Limit are required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Asset Cover Report, 
pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, and (ii) on or prior to 
each Calculation Date, a Payments Report, subject to receipt by it of reports from the Servicer, 
the Cash Manager, the Account Banks, the Hedging Counterparties and the Administrative 
Services Provider, which will set out the Available Funds and payments to be made on the 
immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities 
of Payments. Such Payments Report will be available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the registered office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
On or prior to the Investor Report Date, the Calculation Agent shall prepare and deliver to the 
Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Servicer, the Administrative Services Provider, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Cash 
Manager and the Rating Agency, the Investor Report in electronic format setting out certain 
information with respect to the Portfolio and the Covered Bonds. 
Paying Agent 
Prior to the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (or following the relevant withdrawal) or a 
Notice to Pay, the Paying Agent shall make payments of principal and interest in respect of 
the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions, the relevant 
Final Terms and the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Following the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), a 
Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the Relevant Account Bank, 
shall make payments of principal and interest, in accordance with the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, the relevant Priorities of Payments and the relevant provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that 
the Paying Agent shall always maintain the Minimum Required Paying Agent Rating 
provided for under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and failure to so qualify 
shall constitute a termination event thereunder.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will, upon and in accordance with the written instructions of 
the Issuer and, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or, following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders received at least 5 (five) calendar days before the 
proposed publication date, arrange for publication of any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
and any notice which is to be given to the Covered Bondholders by publication in the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website or alternatively in a newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg – or by any other means time to time acceptable by the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange – and will maintain one copy thereof at its address and will 
supply a copy thereof to the Issuer, Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and, if applicable, the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will (a) promptly forward to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor a copy of any notice or communication addressed to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or the Issuer by any Covered Bondholders and which is received by the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent; (b) make available to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
the Paying Agent such information in its possession as is reasonably required for the 
maintenance of the records in respect of all the Accounts; (c) comply with the listing rules of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
in connection with the Programme; and (d) promptly inform the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of any fact which may affect its duties 
in connection with the Programme. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including CA-CIB as Account Bank or the Paying 
Agent ceasing to maintain the respective Minimum Required Ratings (it being understood 
that, if Intesa Sanpaolo ceases to have the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating, no 
Termination Event in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo shall occur if Intesa Sanpaolo fully, duly and 
timely complies with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement), either 
the Issuer (only prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and with respect to 
certain agents only), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, provided that (in the case of the Covered Bond Guarantor) the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders consents in writing to such termination, may terminate the 
appointment of CA-CIB as Account Bank, of the Cash Manager, the Paying Agent, the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, under the terms of 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, is governed by 
Italian law. 
8. Portfolio Administration Agreement 
Pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Calculation Agent has agreed to 
verify the compliance of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit 
and the Observed Eligible OC Amount and, in the event of any breach, to immediately notify 
in writing, inter alios and as applicable, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the 
Hedging Counterparties and the Rating Agency of such breach. Moreover, on each 
Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent shall deliver an Asset Cover Report including the

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
relevant calculations in respect of the Tests the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure 
Limit and the Observed Eligible OC Amount to, inter alios, the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Asset Monitor and 
the Hedging Counterparties. 
Under the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken to carry out certain 
remedies in case of breach of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure 
Limit and the Observed Eligible OC Amount (as described in the section headed “Credit 
Structure”), including certain obligations for the replenishment of the Portfolio in order to 
cure any breach of the Mandatory Tests. 
Sale of Selected Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets following the occurrence of an 
Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default 
Following the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or of a 
Notice to Pay and prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, if 
necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds and/or in order to meet 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the Observed Eligible OC Amount, as resulting from 
the Payments Report, the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall 
sell Selected Assets in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, subject to 
any pre-emption right of the Seller or the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Relevant 
Investment Account.  
In particular, if the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, is required 
to sell Selected Assets, it will promptly select, through a tender process, and in the name and 
on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor will appoint, a bank or investment company or an 
auditing firm of a recognised standing, with a long experience in the management, sale and/or 
financing of portfolio of assets equivalent to Eligible Assets in the Portfolio, to act as portfolio 
manager (the Portfolio Manager), on a basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio Manager to 
achieve the best price for the sale of such Selected Assets, to advise the Servicer, or any other 
third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the sale, in the 
name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, of Selected Assets. The Servicer, or any 
other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, will be 
required to comply with the advice given by the Portfolio Manager.  
The Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, will instruct the 
Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that Selected Assets are sold as 
quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the prevailing market conditions at that 
time and the scheduled repayment dates of the Covered Bonds, the Conditions and the terms 
of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Before offering Selected Assets for sale in accordance with the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall ensure, also through 
the Portfolio Manager, that: (i) the Selected Assets have been selected from the Portfolio on a 
Random Basis; (ii) no more Selected Assets will be selected than necessary for the estimated 
sale proceeds to equal the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount, (iii) the Selected Assets 
have an aggregate Current Balance in an amount which is as close as possible to the amount 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
In addition to any required sale of Selected Assets as described above, if the Servicer, or any 
other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, is required to sell Selected Assets as indicated 
above, or if a Supplemental Liquidity Event has occurred which is continuing, then the 
Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall have the right 
(but shall not be under the obligation) to sell Selected Assets in order to fund or replenish the 
Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Account up to the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Amount, 
provided that the aggregate Current Balance of such Selected Assets shall not exceed the 
Supplemental Liquidity Available Amount. The Servicer, or any other third party appointed 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, will offer the Selected Assets for sale for the best price reasonably available. 
Any proceeds of such sale shall be credited to the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Account. 
Following the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a 
Notice to Pay (and prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default), 
if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds and/or in order to 
meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Limit, as resulting from the 
Payments Report and upon consultation of the Calculation Agent with the Portfolio Manager, 
all the Integration Assets and Liquid Assets (other than cash deposits) shall be sold by the 
Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, at prevailing market 
conditions as quickly as reasonably practicable. The proceeds of any such sale shall be 
credited to the Relevant Investment Account. 
Sale of Selected Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets following a breach of the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test 
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in accordance with Condition 9(m) 
(Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test), the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall (if such breach has not been already cured by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Conditions), sell, subject to any pre-emption right of the Seller or the Additional Sellers (if 
any) pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, Selected Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement for an amount 
equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates, by the earlier of (a) 20 Business 
Days from the date on which the Issuer is notified of the breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Test, and (b) the Maturity Date of that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, it being 
understood that if not remedied, an Issuer Event of Default will occur and, accordingly, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall deliver a Notice to Pay in accordance with 
the Conditions. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Relevant Investment 
Account. 
Sale of Selected Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets following the occurrence of a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default  
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and the delivery of a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor (so authorised by means of 
the execution of the Portfolio Administration Agreement), direct the Servicer, or any other 
third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to sell Selected 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets in accordance with the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the Seller or the Additional Sellers (if any) 
pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
credited to the Relevant Investment Account and applied in accordance with the relevant 
Priorities of Payments. 
Governing Law 
The Portfolio Administration Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
9. Asset Monitor Agreement 
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has agreed to perform certain 
tests, verification and procedures and carry out certain monitoring and reporting services with 
respect to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
In particular, the Asset Monitor has agreed with the Issuer and, upon the delivery of an Article 
74 Notice to Pay (and until the date of its withdrawal) and/or a Notice to Pay, with the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the 
Calculation Agent, to conduct independent tests and verifications in respect of the calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent for the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the 
Exposure Limit and the Observed Eligible OC Amount. 
The Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such tests and verifications no later than the 
relevant Asset Monitor Report Date. On each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor 
shall deliver the Asset Monitor Report to, inter alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer. 
Under the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged and accepted that 
its services will be carried out also for the benefit and in the interest of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer and (with effect as from the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (and until the 
date of its withdrawal) and/or a Notice to Pay) the Covered Bond Guarantor may, subject to 
the prior written consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, terminate the 
appointment of the Asset Monitor in accordance with the termination provisions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. In any case, no revocation of the appointment of the Asset Monitor shall 
take effect until a successor has been duly appointed in accordance with the provisions of the 
Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Pursuant to article 7-sexiesdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) shall terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving written notice to 
the Asset Monitor, if the Asset Monitor ceases to be independent from the Issuer or any other 
party to the Programme or its appointment no longer satisfies the requirements set forth by 
Law 130 and BoI OBG Regulations. 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign in accordance with the resignation provisions of 
the Asset Monitor Agreement. Such resignation will be subject to and conditional upon, inter 
alia, a substitute Asset Monitor being appointed by the Issuer or (upon delivery of an Article 
74 Notice to Pay - and until the date of its withdrawal - or a Notice to Pay) the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. 
Governing Law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Asset Monitor Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
10. Quotaholders’ Agreement 
Pursuant to the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Quotaholders have undertaken certain 
obligations in relation to the management of the Covered Bond Guarantor. In addition,

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
Stichting Viridis 2 has granted a call option in favour of the Issuer to purchase from Stichting 
Viridis 2, and Intesa Sanpaolo has granted a put option in favour of Stichting Viridis 2 to sell 
to Intesa Sanpaolo, the quota of the Issuer’s quota capital held by Stichting Viridis 2. 
Governing Law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Quotaholders’ Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
11. Dealer Agreement 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the parties thereto have agreed upon the conditions under 
which the Covered Bonds may be issued and sold, from time to time, by the Issuer to the 
Dealers or any other dealers and the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor have undertaken 
to indemnify the Dealers for all costs, liabilities, charges, expenses and claims incurred by or 
made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with or based on breach of duty or 
misrepresentation by the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
The Dealer Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of 
appointment of the existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers 
acceding as new dealer (i) generally in respect of the Programme, or (ii) in relation to a 
particular issue of a Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Dealer Agreement contains stabilisation provisions. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor have given 
certain representations and warranties to the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, themselves and 
the information given by each of them in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
Governing Law 
The Dealer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Dealer Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
12. Subscription Agreement 
The Dealer Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be 
entered into in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Relevant Dealers will enter into a 
subscription agreement under which the Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the 
relevant tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to the conditions set out therein. 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the 
appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing Law 
The Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Subscription Agreement, will be governed by Italian law. 
13. Pledge Agreement 
Pursuant to the Pledge Agreement the Covered Bond Guarantor pledged in favour of the 
Secured Creditors all the monetary claims and rights and all the amounts payable from time to 
time (including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) 
to which the Covered Bond Guarantor is entitled pursuant or in relation to the Italian Law 
Transaction Documents.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
Governing Law 
The Pledge Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Pledge Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
14. Deed of Charge and Assignment 
Pursuant to the Deed of Charge and Assignment, the Covered Bond Guarantor has assigned 
by way of security to, and charged in favour of, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (acting in its capacity as trustee for itself and the Secured Creditors), all of its 
rights, title, interest and benefit from time to time in and to the Swap Agreements. 
Governing Law 
The Deed of Charge and Assignment, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Deed of Charge and Assignment, is governed by English law. 
15. Swap Agreements 
Swap Agreements 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may enter into one or more swap transactions (each a Swap 
Transaction) with Hedging Counterparties in order to hedge certain risks. Each Swap 
Transaction with a Hedging Counterparty will be governed by a 1992 ISDA Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border), as published by the International Swap and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), the Schedule thereto (the Master Agreement) as 
supplemented by a 1995 Credit Support Annex (English Law) published by ISDA (the CSA) 
entered into with that Hedging Counterparty and a confirmation (the Swap Confirmation) 
evidencing the terms of such transaction, all governed by English law (the Master Agreement, 
the CSA and the Swap Confirmations, together the Swap Agreement). 
Under the terms of each Swap Agreement, in the event that the rating(s) of the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty, or any guarantor of the relevant Hedging Counterparty’s obligations, 
is downgraded by the Rating Agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Master 
Agreement for that Hedging Counterparty or any guarantor of that Hedging Counterparty, that 
Hedging Counterparty will, in accordance with the relevant Master Agreement, be required to 
take certain remedial measures which may include: 
(a) 
providing collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement, or 
(b) 
arranging for its obligations under the Swap Agreement to be transferred to an entity 
with the rating(s) required under the Swap Agreement, or 
(c) 
procuring another entity with the rating(s) required under the Swap Agreement to 
become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
A failure to take such steps within the time periods specified in the Master Agreement will 
allow the Covered Bond Guarantor to terminate the relevant Swap Agreement. 
The Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances pursuant to any 
other events of default and termination events set out in the Swap Agreement (each a Swap 
Early Termination Event), including, if there is a failure by the a party to make timely 
payments of any amounts due under the Swap Agreement and upon the occurrence of the 
insolvency of the Hedging Counterparty or any guarantor of that Hedging Counterparty. 
Upon the termination of the Swap Agreement pursuant to a Swap Early Termination Event, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor or the relevant Hedging Counterparty may be liable to make a 
termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
Such payment will be made in accordance with the Priority of Payments set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Collateralisation under the Credit Support Annex 
Under the CSA, if required to do so following a downgrade of a Hedging Counterparty, or any 
guarantor of that Hedging Counterparty, as the case may be, and subject to the conditions 
specified in the CSA, such Hedging Counterparty will make transfers of collateral to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in support of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement (the 
Swap Collateral) and the Covered Bond Guarantor will be obliged to return equivalent 
collateral in accordance with the terms of the CSA where there is a subsequent reduction in 
the exposure of the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Hedging Counterparty. 
Any Swap Collateral required to be posted by the relevant Hedging Counterparty pursuant to 
the terms of the relevant CSA may be delivered in the form of cash or securities. Cash 
amounts will be paid into an account opened with respect to each Hedging Counterparty, 
designated a “Collateral Account – Cash” and securities will be transferred to an account 
opened with respect to each Hedging Counterparty, designated a “Collateral Account – 
Securities”. 
If a Collateral Account – Cash and/or a Collateral Account – Securities are opened in relation 
to a Swap, cash and securities (and all income in respect thereof) transferred as collateral will 
only be available to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction 
of amounts owing by the relevant Hedging Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant CSA. 
Any Swap Collateral will be returned by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty directly in accordance with the terms of the relevant CSA and not under the 
Priorities of Payments, provided that, in the event of early termination of the Swap 
Agreement, the Swap Collateral may be applied in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Agreement. 
Asset Swap Transactions 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may enter into one or more swap transactions on or about the 
date of the transfer of each Portfolio or on or about each Issue Date with the Hedging 
Counterparty in order to, inter alia, hedge the interest rate risks and/or currency risks related 
to the transfer of each Portfolio.  
Some of the Mortgage Loans in each Portfolio will pay a floating rate of interest which may 
or may not be subject to a cap and some of the Mortgage Loans will pay a fixed rate of 
interest. However, the payments to be made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Liability Swap Transactions will be generally based on EURIBOR. 
To provide a hedge against the possible variance between: 
(a) the rates of interest payable on the Mortgage Loans in each Portfolio; and 
(b) EURIBOR,  
the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Hedging Counterparty may enter into Asset Swap 
Transactions in respect of the various Portfolios held by the Covered Bond Guarantor.  
Liability Swap Transactions 
Where Covered Bonds are issued in a currency and/or on an interest rate basis different to the 
Asset Swap Transactions, the Covered Bond Guarantor may enter into Liability Swap 
Transactions.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
In respect of a Series of Covered Bonds denominated in Euros, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
will pay to the Hedging Counterparty an amount in Euros calculated with reference to a 
floating rate of interest and in return the Hedging Counterparty will pay to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor the amount of interest due on the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Each Liability Swap Transaction which may be entered into in connection with a Series of 
Covered Bond will terminate on the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bond or, 
if applicable under the relevant Final Terms and agreed by the Parties, on the Extended 
Maturity Date or the Long Date Due For Payment Date, as the case may be, unless terminated 
earlier in accordance with its terms. 
Governing Law 
The Swap Agreements are governed by English law.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Covered Bond Guarantor could enter into hedging 
agreements, other than the Swap Agreements, in order to hedge the interest rate and/or 
currency risk related to the transfer of each Portfolio or to the Covered Bonds. 
16. Swap Service Agreements 
Pursuant to the Swap Service Agreements, Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party which may 
enter in the Programme has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, to provide the Covered 
Bond Guarantor with certain services due under the Swap Agreement in order to implement 
the provisions relating, inter alia, to the reporting activities imposed by EMIR Regulation. 
Pursuant to the Swap Service Agreements, no additional fees are due to Intesa Sanpaolo, in its 
capacity as Swap Service Provider, other than the fees due to the same entity in its capacity as 
Hedging Counterparty under the Swap Agreement.  
Governing Law 
The Swap Service Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Swap Service Agreements, are governed by Italian law. 
17. Master Definitions Agreement 
Under the Master Definitions Agreement, the parties thereto have agreed upon the definitions 
of certain terms utilised in the Transaction Documents. 
Governing Law 
The Master Definitions Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Master Definitions Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
18. Accounts Pledge Agreement 
Under the terms of the Accounts Pledge Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed 
to pledge (i) the credit balance standing to the credit of each of the CA-CIB Investment 
Account, the CA-CIB Interest Securities Collection Account and the CA-CIB Principal 
Securities Collection Account and (ii) the CA-CIB Securities Account and the CA-CIB 
Eligible Investments Account, in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing Law 
The Accounts Pledge Agreement is governed by French law.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is an overview only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the 
transactions described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered 
Bondholders should be aware. It is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective Covered 
Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Law 130 and BoI OBG Regulations. General remarks 
Law 130 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation 
process and to facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the 
Republic of Italy. Law 130 was further amended during the following years. 
Law Decree No. 35 of 14 March 2005, converted with amendments into law by Law no. 80 of 
14 May 2005, amended Law 130 as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI OBG 
Regulations added by adding articles 7-bis and 7-ter to Law 130, for the purpose of allowing 
Italian banks to use the securitisation techniques introduced by Law 130 in view of issuing 
covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
The covered bonds are regulated by the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating 
to covered bonds under Third Part, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and 
amended, (the BoI OBG Regulations). Pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations, the covered 
bonds may be issued also by banks which are member of banking groups meeting, as of the 
date of issuance of the covered bonds, certain requirements relating to the consolidated 
regulatory capital and the consolidated solvency ratio at the group’s level. Such requirements 
must be complied with, as of the date of issuance of the covered bonds, also by banks selling 
the assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds and do not 
fall within the same banking group.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the 
European Union: 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision 
and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the Covered Bond 
Directive); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the 
form of covered bonds (the Covered Bond Regulation). 
 
The Covered Bond Regulation and the Covered Bond Directive amended certain provisions of 
the CRR on covered bonds and introduced standards on the issuance of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision. More in particular, the new Regulation makes certain 
amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable 
capital treatment, and the new Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of 
covered bonds across EU Member States. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Directive, Member States had to implement the Covered Bond 
Directive by 8 July 2021 and the transposing provisions shall apply from 8 July 2022 at the 
latest. The Covered Bond Regulation shall apply from 8 July 2022. 
On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the European Delegated Law 2019-2020) 
has entered into force. It delegates the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – the 
Directive. According to the European Delegated Law 2019-2020: 
• 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
• 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by 
Article 17 of the Covered Bond Directive, allowing for the issue of covered bonds 
with extendable maturity structures; and 
• 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise 
the option to set for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower 
than the thresholds set out under Article 1 of the Covered Bond Regulation (i.e. 2% or 
5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
The Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of 
Legislative Decree 5 November 2021, n. 190 (the Decree 190) which modified Law 30 April 
1999, n.130 and entered into force on December 1st, 2021. 
In this respect, the national legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by the 
Covered Bond Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover 
pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with 
extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity 
requirement of the cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a 
reference the final maturity date for the payment of principal. 
Moreover, the Decree 190 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the 
public supervision of the covered bonds, and it was entrusted with the issuing of the 
implementing measures of the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in 
accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190 (the Implementing Provisions).

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
In this respect, the provisions of Law 130, as amended by Decree 190, apply to covered bonds 
issued starting from 8 July 2022, in certain cases subject to entry into force of the 
Implementing Provisions as referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190 by 8 July 
2022. 
On 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions which entered 
into force on 31 March 2023 amending the Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circular of the Bank of 
Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013. 
The Implementing Provisions amended the Circolare 285 with regard, inter alia, to (i) the 
definition of the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for 
including derivative contracts with hedging purposes among covered bonds eligible assets; (ii) 
the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for issuing new 
issuance programmes; (iv) the possibility also for banks with credit rating 3 to act as 
counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; and (v) the conditions for 
issuing Covered Bonds under already existing programmes, as of the date of the entry into 
force of the Implementing Provisions. 
In accordance with the Decree 190: 
• 
until the entry into force of the Bank of Italy Instructions (i.e., 31 March 2023), 
covered bonds have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 
April 1999 as applicable until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions 
amending the Bank of Italy Regulation, the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310 (the Decree 310), the previous version of the 
supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy containing the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza 
per le Banche” relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under 
Part III, Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 285 dated 17 December 2013 and the previous 
version of article 129 of the CRR; and 
• 
as of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy 
Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Title I-bis of Law 130, the new Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended, 
and the Article 129 of the CRR, as amended by the Covered Bond Regulation. 
Basic structure of a covered bond issue 
The structure provided under Title I-bis of Law 130 with respect to the issue of covered bonds 
may be summarised as follows: 
• 
a bank transfers a pool of eligible assets pursuant to Law 130 and Article 129 of the 
CRR (i.e. the cover pool) to an Article 7-septies special purpose vehicle (the SPV); 
• 
the bank grants the SPV a subordinated loan in order to fund the payment by the SPV 
of the purchase price due for the cover pool; 
• 
the bank issues the covered bonds which are supported by a first demand, 
unconditional, autonomous and irrevocable guarantee issued by the SPV for the 
exclusive benefit of the holders of the covered and the hedging counterparties 
involved in the transaction. The guarantee is backed by the entire cover pool held by 
the SPV. 
Title I-bis of Law 130 however also allows for structures which contemplate different entities 
acting respectively as cover pool provider, subordinated loan provider and covered bonds 
issuer. 
The Special Purpose Vehicle

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the Decree 53/2015) issued by the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic 
of Italy. The Decree 53/2015 came into force on 23 May 2015, repealing the Decree No. 
29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of the Decree 53/2015, the assignee companies which 
guarantee covered bonds, belonging to a banking group as defined by Article 60 of the 
Banking Law (such as ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l.), will no longer have to be registered in the 
general register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Law. 
Eligibility criteria of the assets and limits to the assignment of assets 
Under Law 130, the following assets, inter alia, may be assigned to the purchasing company, 
together with any ancillary contracts aimed at hedging the financial risks embedded in the 
relevant assets: (a) receivables deriving from loans secured by residential property up to the 
lesser of the principal amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 80% of 
the value of the pledged properties, in accordance with Article 129, Paragraph 1, letter (d) of 
the CRR; (b) receivables deriving from loans secured by commercial immovable property up 
to the lesser of the principal amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 
60% of the value of the pledged properties from, in accordance with Article 129, Paragraph 1, 
letter (f) of the CRR; (c) (i) the assets referred to in Article 129, Paragraph 1, letter (c) which 
meet the requirements of Article 129, Paragraph 1, letter (a) of the CRR and of the art. 7-
novies of Law 130, and (ii) any debt securities or other exposures referred to in Article 129, 
Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR; and (d) the assets referred to in Article 7-
duodecies, Paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, provided that such assets meet the 
requirements to qualify as eligible assets under Article 129 of the CRR and Law 130 also in 
the form of substitution assets. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 7-novies, Paragraph 2, of Law 130: 
(i) the real estate assets securing the receivables must be located in an admitted State; 
(ii) such real estate assets must be insured against the risk of damage; 
(iii) if such the real estate asset is located in an admitted State other than a Member State 
of the European Union, the relevant security interest must be enforceable in all 
relevant jurisdictions and may be enforced within a reasonable time; 
(iv) the hardening period for the claw back of the relevant security interest has elapsed 
pursuant to, as the case may be, Article 67 of the Insolvency Law or same provisions 
set forth under law of other eligible states; and 
(v) in case of assets which are not directly originated by the issuing bank, the issuing 
bank has performed an evaluation of the credit quality of the debtors prior to the 
transfer to the cover pool or has verified the adequacy of the credit quality evaluation 
criteria adopted by the originator of the eligible assets.  
The substitution of eligible assets included in the portfolio with other eligible assets of the 
same nature is also permitted, provided that certain conditions indicated under the BoI OBG 
Regulations are met and such option is expressly provided in the program and in the issuing 
prospectus.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
Public Disclosure 
Pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of Law 130, the issuing bank shall publish, at least 
quarterly, including on its website and in accordance with the implementing provisions of the 
Bank of Italy, information on issuance programmes in order to enable investors to perform an 
informed assessment of the issuances and the associated risks. 
Section V of the BoI OBG Regulations, which sets out the relevant information to be provided 
to the investors. 
Ring-Fencing of the assets 
Under the terms of Article 3 of Law 130, all the receivables relating to a Law 130 transaction, 
the relevant collections and the financial assets purchased using the collections arising from 
the relevant receivables will by operation of law be segregated for all purposes from all other 
assets of the special purpose vehicle and from those relating to the other Law 130 transactions 
carried out by the same special purpose vehicle. On a winding up of the special purpose 
vehicle such assets will only be available to holders of the covered bonds in respect of which 
the special purpose vehicle has issued the covered bond guarantee and to the other secured 
creditors of the special purpose vehicle. In addition, the assets relating to a particular covered 
bond transaction will not be available to the holders of covered bonds issued under any other 
covered bond transaction or to general creditors of the special purpose vehicle. 
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle which is not a 
party to the transaction documents would be able to commence insolvency or winding up 
proceedings against the special purpose vehicle in respect of any unpaid debt. 
The assignment 
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraphs 2, 3 and 
4 of the Banking Law. The prevailing interpretation of these provisions, which view has been 
strengthened by Article 4 of Law 130, is that: 
(a) 
as from the date of publication in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) of the notice of assignment of the 
relevant receivables in accordance with the applicable provisions of Article 58 of the 
Banking Law, the assignment of the relevant receivables will become enforceable 
against: 
(i) 
any creditors of the seller of the relevant receivables who have not 
commenced enforcement by means of obtaining an attachment order 
(pignoramento) prior to the date of publication of the notice of assignment of 
the relevant receivables; 
(ii) 
a receiver in the insolvency of the seller of the relevant receivables; and 
(iii) 
prior assignees of the relevant receivables who have not perfected their 
assignment by way of (A) notifying the assigned debtors or (B) making the 
assigned debtors acknowledge the assignment by an acceptance bearing a date 
certain at law (data certa) prior to the date of publication of the notice of 
assignment of the relevant receivables or in any other way permitted under 
applicable law, 
without the need to follow the ordinary rules under Article 1265 of the Italian Civil 
Code as to making the assignment effective against third parties; and 
(b) 
as from the later of (A) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment of the 
relevant receivables, and (B) the date of registration (iscrizione) of such notice with

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
the Companies’ Register of the district where the issuer is enrolled, in accordance 
with the applicable provisions of Article 58 of the Banking Law, the assignment of the 
relevant receivables will also become enforceable against: 
(i) 
the assigned debtors; and 
(ii) 
a receiver in the insolvency of the assigned debtors (so that any payments 
made by an assigned debtor to the purchasing company may not be subject to 
any claw back action according to Article 65 and Article 67 of the Insolvency 
Law) or, after the entry into force of the Crisis Code, Article 166 or Article 
164, Paragraph 1, of the Crisis Code, 
without the need to follow the ordinary rules under Article 1264 of the Italian Civil 
Code as to making the assignment effective against the assigned debtor. 
The benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security interest guaranteeing or securing repayment 
of the relevant receivables will automatically be transferred to and perfected with the same 
priority in favour of the special purpose vehicle, without the need for any formality or 
annotations. 
As from the date of publication of the assignment of the relevant receivables in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), no legal action 
may be brought to attach the relevant receivables, or the sums derived therefrom, other than 
for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and to meet the 
costs of the transaction. 
Notices of the assignment of the Initial Portfolio and of the Further Portfolios pursuant to the 
Master Transfer Agreement were published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and were filed with the Companies’ Register of 
Milan. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under Article 
67 of the Insolvency Law, or, after the entry into force of the Crisis Code, Article 166 of the 
Crisis Code but only in the event that the transaction is entered into (i) in cases where 
paragraph 2 of article 67 applies, or, after the entry into force of the Crisis Code, paragraph 2 
of Article 166 of the Crisis Code, within three months of the adjudication of bankruptcy of the 
relevant party or (ii) in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies, or, after the entry into 
force of the Crisis Code, paragraph 1 of Article 166 of the Crisis Code, within six months of 
the adjudication of bankruptcy. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the covered bond 
guarantee are subject to the provisions of Article 67, paragraph 4, of the Insolvency Law, or, 
after the entry into force of the Crisis Code, of Article 166, paragraph 4, of the Crisis Code, 
pursuant to which the provisions of Article 67 of the Insolvency Law or, after the entry into 
force of the Crisis Code, of Article 166 of the Crisis Code, relating to the claw back of for-
consideration transactions, payments and guarantees do not apply to certain transactions. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose 
vehicle may not be subject to any claw back action according to Article 65 and 67 of the 
Insolvency Law, or, after the entry into force of the Crisis Code, Article 166 or Article 164, 
paragraph 1 of the Crisis Code.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
Tests set out in Law 130 
Pursuant to Article 7-undecies, Paragraph 1 of Law 130, the issuing bank and the assigning 
bank (to the extent different from the issuing bank), will have to ensure that, in the context of 
the transaction, the following tests are satisfied on an ongoing basis: 
(i) 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the portfolio shall be greater than or 
equal to the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding covered bonds; 
(ii) 
the net present value of the portfolio, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the 
special purpose vehicle, including therein the expected costs and the costs of any 
hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction, shall be greater than or 
equal to the net present value of the outstanding covered bonds; 
(iii) 
the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the portfolio, net of the costs 
borne by the special purpose vehicle, shall be greater than or equal to the interest and 
costs due by the bank under the outstanding covered bonds, taking also into account 
any hedging arrangements entered into in relation to the transaction.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
It being understood that, for the calculations of the mandatory tests, the issuing bank shall 
comply, inter alia, with the following criteria: 
(i) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (a) of Law 130, unsecured 
receivables, in the event of a default pursuant to Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013, shall not contribute to the calculations of the mandatory tests; 
(ii) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (b) of Law 130, the costs related to 
maintenance and administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds 
programme may be calculated as a lump sum; 
(iii) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (c) of Law 130, the liquid assets (as 
defined under Article 7-duodecies of Law 130) shall contribute to the calculations of 
the mandatory tests provided that they comply with the conditions for qualifying as 
eligible assets set out under Article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter (a), of Law 130; 
(iv) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (d) of Law 130, the calculation of 
the interest generated by the assets included in the cover pool and the interest due by 
the Issuer on the Covered Bonds outstanding shall be made on the basis of prudent 
criteria and criteria consistent with the applicable accounting principles 
(v) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (f) of Law 130, the methodologies 
for the calculation of the numerator and denominator of the mandatory tests are based 
on criteria consistent with each other. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3(a), of the CRR, in addition to being 
collateralised by the assets, covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 5% of 
overcollateralisation. 
The Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
Pursuant to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 1 of Law 130, the Issuer ensures on an ongoing 
basis, for the entire duration of the cover bond programme, that the segregated assets include a 
liquidity reserve that is at least equal to the maximum cumulative net outflow of liquidity over 
the next 180 days. 
The liquidity buffer reserve is composed of the following liquid assets (the Liquid Assets) 
having the characteristics set forth in Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130: 
(i) high quality liquid assets (as identified in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61); 
(ii) exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to credit institutions that 
qualify for credit quality steps 1 or 2 or short-term exposures to credit institutions that 
are classified for credit quality steps 1, 2 or 3 in accordance with Article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (c) of the CRR. 
 
The features of the covered bond guarantee 
According to Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 1, of Law 130, the covered bond guarantee 
shall be limited recourse to the portfolio, irrevocable, first demand, unconditional and 
autonomous from the obligations assumed by the issuer of the covered bonds. Accordingly, 
such obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligation of the special 
purpose vehicle, limited recourse to the special purpose vehicle’s available funds, irrespective 
of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the 
issuer of the covered bonds.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the covered bond guarantee, 
Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 1, of Law 130 provides that the following provisions of the 
Italian Civil Code, generally applicable to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), shall not apply 
to the covered bond guarantee: (a) Article 1939, providing that a fideiussione shall not 
generally be valid where the guaranteed obligation is not valid; (b) Article 1941, paragraph 1, 
providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due by the guaranteed debtor, nor can 
it be granted for conditions more onerous than those pertaining to the main obligation; (c) 
Article 1944, paragraph 2, providing, inter alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant to 
which the fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall not be obliged to pay 
before the attachment is carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) Article 1945, providing 
that the guarantor can raise against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the 
guaranteed debtor is entitled to raise, except for the objection relating to the lack of legal 
capacity; (e) Article 1955, providing that a fideiussione shall become ineffective (estinta) 
where, as a consequence of acts of the creditor, the guarantor is prevented from subrogating 
into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and liens (privilegi) of the creditor; (f) Article 1956, 
providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be liable where the creditor – 
without the authorisation of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third party, while being 
aware that the economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that recovering the 
receivable would have become significantly more difficult; (g) Article 1957, providing, inter 
alia, that the guarantor will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has become due and 
payable, provided that the creditor has filed its claim against the guaranteed debtor within six 
months and has diligently pursued them. 
The obligations of the covered bond guarantor following a liquidation of the Issuer 
Law 130 also sets out certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment 
obligations of the special purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the issuer of covered 
bonds. To that effect it requires that the covered bond guarantee contains provisions stating 
that the relevant obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon the issuer’s default, so that 
the payment profile of the covered bonds shall not automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 2, of Law 130 provides that in the event 
of a breach by the issuer of its obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the special 
purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of the issuer – within the limits of the portfolio – 
in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the covered bonds. The 
same provision applies where the issuer is subject to mandatory liquidation procedures 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa). 
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by Article 
1186 of the Civil Code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the 
special purpose vehicle under the covered bond guarantee. Pursuant to Article 7-quaterdecies, 
Paragraph 3, of Law 130, the limitation in the application of Article 1186 of the Civil Code 
shall apply not only to the events expressly mentioned therein, but also to any additional event 
of acceleration provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements. 
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of Law 130, in case of a liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa or resolution of the issuer, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the 
obligations of the issuer vis-à-vis the covered bondholders - within the limits of the cover pool 
- in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the covered bonds and 
shall exercise the rights of the covered bondholders vis-à-vis the issuer in accordance with the 
legal regime applicable to the issuer. Any amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle as 
a result of the exercise of such rights shall be deemed to be included in the portfolio. 
In the event of a suspension of payments pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Law, the 
special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of the issuer vis-à-vis the covered bonds

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
holders - within the limits of the cover pool – only with respect to the receivables due and 
payable during the suspension period. The special purpose vehicle shall exercise recourse 
against the issuer for the amounts paid. 
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 4, of Law 130, in case of liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa of the issuer, the covered bonds holders shall shall concur to the 
distribution of the issuer’s assets, to the extent remaining after the enforcement of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, with the unsecured creditors of the issuer, including, in the case provided for 
in Article 7-quinquiesdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, the derivates counterparties. 
Controls over the transaction 
The Section IV of the BoI OBG Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions 
involving the issuance of Covered Bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios 
to the special purpose vehicle, both in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the 
assigning bank shall request to an auditing firm a confirmation (relazione di stima) stating 
that, on the basis of the activities carried out by that auditing firm, there are no reasons to 
believe that the appraisal criteria utilised in order to determine the purchase price of the 
assigned assets are not in line with the criteria which the assigning bank must apply when 
preparing its financial statements. The above-mentioned confirmation is not required if the 
assignment is made at the book value, as recorded in the latest approved financial statements 
of the assigning bank, on which the auditors have issued a clean opinion. The above-
mentioned confirmation is not required if any difference between the book value and the 
purchase price of the relevant assets is exclusively due to standard financial fluctuations of the 
relevant assets and is not in any way related to reductions in the qualitative aspects of those 
assets and/or the credit risk related to the relevant debtors. 
The management body of the issuing bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to 
the risk management verify at least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia: 
(i) 
quality and integrity of the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle securing the 
obligations undertaken by the latter; 
(ii) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the portfolio 
sold to the special purpose vehicle for purposes of backing the issue and with the 
liquidity buffer target amount, in accordance with the Articles 7-undecies and 7-
duodecies of Law 130 and Section III of the BoI OBG Regulations; 
(iii) 
compliance with the internal operational limits on the sale of Assets and the limits to 
Integration set out by the BoI OBG Regulations; 
(iv) 
effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative 
agreements entered into in connection with the transaction; and 
(v) 
completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information available to investors pursuant 
to section V of the BoI OBG Regulations. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that 
an assessment is carried out on the legal aspects (profili giuridici) of the activity on the basis 
of specially issued legal opinions setting out an in-depth analysis of the contractual structures 
and schemes adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, the characteristics of the covered 
bond guarantee. 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130, the controls over (a) the regularity of the 
transaction (regolarità dell’operazione), (b) the compliance with the requirement of Section 
III of the BoI OBG Regulations, (c) the integrity of the covered bond guarantee (integrità

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
della garanzia), and (d) on the disclosure to investors will also be carried out by an external 
party appointed by the issuing bank (the Asset Monitor). The Asset Monitor is also requested 
to carry out controls over the information to be provided to investors (informativa agli 
investitori). Pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations, the Asset Monitor shall be an auditing firm 
having adequate professional experience in relation to the tasks entrusted with the same and 
independent from (a) the bank entrusting the same and (b) the other entities which take part to 
the transaction. In order to meet this independence requirement the auditing firm entrusted 
with the monitoring must be different from the one entrusted with the auditing of the issuing 
bank and the selling bank (if different from the issuing bank) and the special purpose vehicle. 
The Asset Monitor shall prepare annual reports on controls and assessments on the 
performance of transactions, to be addressed, inter alia, to the body entrusted with control 
functions of the bank which appointed the Asset Monitor. The BoI OBG Regulations refer to 
the provisions of Article 52 and 61, paragraph 5, of the Banking Law, which impose on 
persons responsible for such control functions specific obligations to report to the Bank of 
Italy and to the provisions of Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can perform, in an orderly and timely 
manner, the obligations arising under the covered bond guarantee, the issuing banks shall use 
asset and liability management techniques for purposes of ensuring, including by way of 
specific controls at least every six months, that the payment dates of the cash-flows generated 
by the portfolio substantially match the payments dates with respect to payments due by the 
issuing bank under the covered bonds issued and other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bonds transactions shall 
assume contractual undertakings allowing the issuing bank (and the assigning bank, if 
different) also acting as servicer (and any third party servicer, if appointed) to hold the 
information on the portfolio which are necessary to carry out the controls described in the BoI 
OBG Regulations and for the compliance with the supervisory reporting obligations, 
including therein the obligations arising in connection with the participation to the central 
credit register (Centrale dei Rischi). 
Set-off  
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, 
of the Banking Law. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such 
assignment becomes enforceable against the relevant Debtors as of the later of: (i) the date of 
the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (ii) the date of registration of the notice of 
assignment in the Companies’ Register of the place where the Covered Bond Guarantor has 
its registered office. Consequently, the rights of the Covered Bond Guarantor may be subject 
to the direct rights of the Debtors against the Seller, including rights of set-off on claims 
existing prior to publication in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale 
della Repubblica Italiana) and registration in the Companies’ Register of the place where the 
Covered Bond Guarantor has its registered office. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by 
Debtors may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Portfolio and, ultimately, the ability of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Law Decree No. 145 introduced, inter alia, certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a 
consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by Law 130 that the Debtors 
cannot exercise rights of set-off against the Covered Bond Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-
vis the Seller after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana).

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
Usury Law 
Pursuant to the Usury Law, lenders are prevented from applying interest rates higher than 
those deemed to be usurious (the Usury Rates). Usury Rates are set on a quarterly basis by a 
decree issued by the Italian Treasury. With a view to limiting the impact of the application of 
the Usury Law to Italian loans executed prior to the entering into force of the Usury Law, 
Italian Law No. 24 of 28 February 2001 (Law 24/2001) provides (by means of interpreting 
the provisions of the Usury Law) that an interest rate is usurious if it is higher than the 
relevant limit in force at the time at which such interest rate is promised or agreed, regardless 
of the time at which interest is repaid by the borrower. A few commentators and debatable 
lower court decisions have held that, irrespective of the principle set out in Law 24/2001, if 
interest originally agreed at a rate falling below the then applicable usury limit (and thus, not 
usurious) were, at a later date, to exceed the usury limit from time to time in force, such 
interest should nonetheless be reduced to the then applicable usury limit. The Italian Supreme 
Court (Corte di Cassazione), under decision No. 24675 of 19 October 2017, rejected such 
interpretation and it clarified that only the moment of execution of the agreement is relevant to 
verify if the interest rate is usurious in the mortgage loans with fixed interest rate. In the last 
years, a number of objection have been raised on the basis of the excess of the usury limit 
from the sum of the default interest and the compensatory rate, based on the erroneous 
interpretation under decision of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) no. 350 of 
2013 that the default interest is relevant for the purposes of determining if an interest rate is 
usurious. Such interpretation has been constantly rejected by the Italian Courts. Other 
objections raised in the last years are based on the violation of the Usury Law by, for example, 
the sole default interest exceeding the usury limit or making reference to additional 
components (such as penalties and insurance policies). In this respect, the Italian Courts have 
not reached an unanimous position. 
 
Indeed, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 
19597 dated 18 September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with 
the Usury Law, also default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the 
remuneration to be compared with the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration 
be higher than the Usury Rates, only the ‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be 
deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the entire amount referable to the rate which 
determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as unenforceable according to the last 
interpretation of the Supreme Court. 
In addition to the above and according to recent court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court 
(Corte di Cassazione), the remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable 
Usury Rate from time to time applicable. Based on this recent evolution of case law on the 
matter, it will constitute a breach of the Usury Law if the remuneration of a financing is lower 
than the applicable Usury Rate at the time the terms of the financing were agreed but becomes 
higher than the applicable Usury Rate at any point in time thereafter. 
Compounding of interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, 
accrued interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date 
when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. 
Article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that 
there are recognised customary practices to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions 
in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on 
the grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice. In 1999, the 
Italian Supreme Court reversed its stance and found the quarterly capitalisation of interest

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
payable on current accounts to be unlawful. Following this decision, a series of disputes 
emerged on the subject of the capitalisation of interest for contracts executed prior to that date, 
whereas the problem was partly resolved for contracts executed after the amendment of 
Article 120 of the Banking Law introduced in the interim by Legislative Decree No. 
342/1999, which made it legal to capitalise interest payable and receivable, provided that both 
occur with the same frequency.  
Article 17-bis of Law Decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law No. 49 of 8 April 
2016 amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Law, providing that the accrued 
interest shall not produce further interest, except for default interest, and is calculated 
exclusively on the principal amount. Paragraph 2 of article 120 of the Banking Law also 
requires the Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio (CICR) to establish the 
methods and criteria for the compounding of interest. Decree No. 343 of 3 August 2016 of the 
CICR, implementing paragraph 2 of Article 120 of the Banking Law, has been published in 
the Official Gazette No. 212 of 10 September 2016. 
 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislations enacted in Italy, have given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage 
debtors and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia: 
- 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without 
incurring a penalty or, in respect of mortgage loan agreements entered into before 2 
February 2007, at a reduced penalty rate (article 120-ter of the Consolidated Banking 
Act, introduced by Legislative Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by 
Legislative Decree No. 218 of 14 December 2010); 
- 
the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage 
loan and/or the right to request subrogation by an assignee bank into the rights of their 
creditors in accordance with article 1202 (surrogazione per volontà del debitore) of 
the Civil Code, by eliminating the limits and costs previously borne by the borrowers 
for the exercise of such right (article 120-quater of the Consolidated Banking Act, 
introduced by Legislative Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by 
Legislative Decree No. 218 of 14 December 2010); 
- 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans 
up to a maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months 
(the Suspension) (originally introduced by Italian Law No. 244 of 24 December 
2007, the 2008 Budget Law), which has now been extended also to the circumstance 
of the suspension from work or reduction of working hours for a period of at least 30 
days even where the issuance of measures of income support is pending (Law Decree 
No. 18 of 17 March 2020, as subsequently supplemented by Decree of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance of 25 March 2020, amended by Law Decree no. 22 of 8 April 
2020 and converted into law no. 27 of 24 April 2020, the Covid Law). In addition to 
the Suspension, the Covid Law has also introduced a 9-month temporary regime (the 
Temporary Regime), which provides for additional opportunities of suspension (e.g. 
in case of fall in turnover (calo del fatturato) of self-employed individuals with a 
VAT code number and independent contractors (lavoratori autonomi and liberi 
professionisti) during a quarter falling after (or within the shorter term between the 
date of request and) 21 February 2020). It shall be noted that, upon expiry of the 
Temporary Regime, the set of rules under the previously existing legislative 
framework will remain applicable;

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
- 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
damages which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial 
businesses located in the relevant municipalities up to a maximum period 
corresponding to the state of emergency as per Council of Ministers Order dated 20 
September 2017 and declaration of up to 180 days state of emergency caused by 
exceptional weather conditions in Livorno, Rosignano Marittimo e Collesalvetti 
(published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 226 of 27 September 2017 (Order 226). 
- 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
damages which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial 
businesses located in the relevant municipalities up to a maximum period 
corresponding to the state of emergency as per Council of Ministers Order dated 8 
September 2017 and declaration of up to 180 days state of emergency caused by an 
earthquake in the Ischia Island (published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of 
Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 218 of 18 September 2017 
(Order 218)  
- 
the right to (i) suspend payments (principal instalments only) for a period of up to 12 
months; or (ii) to extend the duration up to 100% of the residual term of the loan, in 
each case subject to the possible increase of the rate of interest and request of 
additional security interests or guarantees by the lender ("Accordo per il Credito 
2019" entered into between ABI and the major associations representing the Italian 
SMEs on 15 November 2018). As a consequence of the COVID outbreak, the 
aforesaid measures have now been extended to loans outstanding as at 31 January 
2020 and disbursed in favour of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises adversely 
affected by the pandemic (ABI Addendum to the Accordo per il Credito 2019 of 6 
March 2020) and in favour of large enterprises (ABI Addendum to the Accordo per il 
Credito 2019 of 22 May 2020); 
- 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
damages which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial 
businesses located in the relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to 
the state of emergency as per Order no. 598 of 25 July 2019 of the Head of Civil 
Protection (published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 182 of 5 August 2019), implementing 
Council of Ministers Order dated 1 July 2019 (published in the Official Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 161 of 11 July 
2019) as a consequence of the meteorological events occurred on 11 and 12 June 2019 
in the territories of Brescia, Lecco e Sondrio; 
- 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
impossibility to access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in 
the relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency 
as per Order no. 615 of 16 November 2019 of the Head of Civil Protection (published 
in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana) No. 274 of 22 November 2019), implementing Council of Ministers Order 
dated 14 November 2019 (published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 270 of 18 November 2019) which 
declared a 12 month state of emergency caused by the exceptional meteorological 
events occurred from 19 to 22 October 2019 in the territory of Alessandria;

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
- 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
impossibility to access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in 
the relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency 
as per Order no. 616 of 16 November 2019 of the Head of Civil Protection (published 
in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana) No. 273 of 21 November 2019), implementing Council of Ministers Order 
dated 14 November 2019 (published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 270 of 18 November 2019) which 
declared the 12 month state of emergency caused by the meteorological events 
occurred from 12 November 2019 in the territory of Venice; 
- 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
damages which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial 
businesses located in the relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to 
the state of emergency as per Order no. 619 of 5 December 2019 of the Head of Civil 
Protection (published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 291 of 12 December 2019), implementing 
Council of Ministers Order dated 21 November 2019 (published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 
281 of 30 November 2019) which declared the 12 month state of emergency caused 
by the meteorological events occurred in the territories of Agrigento, Catania, Enna, 
Messina, Palermo, Ragusa, Siracusa and Trapani; 
- 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
damages which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial 
businesses located in the relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to 
the state of emergency as per Order no. 620 of 6 December 2019 of the Head of Civil 
Protection (published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 294 of 16 December 2019), implementing 
Council of Ministers Order dated 6 November 2019 (published in the Official Gazette 
of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 267 of 14 
November 2019) which declared the 12 month state of emergency caused by the 
meteorological events occurred in the territory of Formazza (Verbano-Cusio-Ossola), 
as a consequence of the meteorological events occurred on 11 and 12 June 2019; 
- 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
impossibility to access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in 
the relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency 
as per Order no. 622 of 17 December 2019 of the Head of Civil Protection (published 
in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana) No. 299 of 21 December 2019), implementing Council of Ministers Order 
dated 2 December 2019 (published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 291 of 12 November 2019) which 
extended the effects of the 12 month state of emergency declared on 14 November for 
the territories of Alessandria also to the territories of Abruzzo, Basilicata, Calabria, 
Campania, Emilia-Romagna, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Liguria, Marche, Piemonte, 
Puglia, Toscana e Veneto damaged by meteorological events in November; 
- 
12-month extension of the state of emergency declared by Council of Ministers Order 
dated 28 December 2019 relating to the territories of Catania as a consequence of an 
earthquake, with the possibility to extend the suspension in favour of people damaged

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
by such event up to 28 December 2020 (Council of Ministers Order dated 21 
December 2019); 
- 
large-scale moratoria for the purposes of supporting micro-enterprises and small 
medium-sized enterprises, which grant (i) the freezing of the lenders' right to revoke 
credit facilities; and (ii) the suspension by operation of law of financings repaid by 
way of instalments, in each case until 30 September 2020 (Covid Law, as defined 
above). It should be noted that the amortisation plan relating to the suspended 
instalments (together with any accessory rights relating thereto) is consistently 
extended without further formalities in a manner which ensures that no higher charges 
are borne by the lender or the borrower; 
- 
the right to suspend principal instalment payments under mortgage loans or other 
loans subject to an amortisation plan by way of instalments for a maximum aggregate 
period of 12 months, granted in favour of certain categories of borrowers that cannot 
benefit from the Suspension, upon occurrence of specific events (e.g. termination of 
employment relationships, borrower's death or recognition of disability or civil 
invalidity, suspension from work or reduction of working hours for a period of at least 
30 days even where the issuance of measures of income support is pending) (ABI 
convention of 21 April 2020, entered into between ABI and the major associations 
representing consumers); 
- 
the right to suspend, from the 1st May 2023 until 30 June 2023 – with reference to 
companies with operating office as at 1st May 2023 located within the geographic 
areas mentioned under Schedule 1 of Law Decree no. 61 dated 1 June 2023 and 
without the application of any interest and/or sanction – instalment payments under (i) 
payments mentioned under Article 18 of Law no. 580, dated 29 December 1993; (ii) 
accounting and corporate formalities due on 30 June 2023; and (iii) payment of 
facility instalments relating to any kind of loan (including, without limitation 
agricultural credit, improvement credit and ordinary credit, granted by banks, as well 
as by financial intermediaries registered under the register of Article 106 of the 
Banking Law). 
 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on 
credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the Mortgage 
Credit Directive) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations 
and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for 
consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive provides for, amongst other things: 
 
▪ 
standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information; 
▪ 
adequate explanations to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any 
ancillary service; 
▪ 
calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed 
formula; 
▪ 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower;

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
▪ 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement; and 
▪ 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive came into effect on 20 March 2014. 
On 1 June 2015, in accordance with Article 18, Article 20(1) and Article 28 of the Mortgage 
Credit Directive, the EBA published its final Guidelines on creditworthiness assessment, as 
well as its final Guidelines on arrears and foreclosure, that support the national 
implementation by Member States of the Mortgage Credit Directive. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by way of Legislative Decree 
no. 72 of 21 April 2016 (Legislative Decree 72). Legislative Decree 72 introduced into the 
Banking Law, under Title VI, a new Chapter 1-bis in relation to consumer mortgage credit, 
including, inter alia, a new Article 120 quinquiesdecies, pursuant to which a consumer and an 
entity authorised to grant loans in a professional manner in the Republic of Italy who are 
parties to a mortgage credit agreement may expressly agree, subject to the provisions of 
Article 2744 of the Italian Civil Code, that, in case of non-payment of eighteen monthly 
instalments by the relevant debtor, the property of the debtor subject to security or the 
proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be transferred to the creditor in discharge of all the 
outstanding obligations of the debtor vis-à-vis the creditor (even if the value of such property 
or the amount of such proceeds is lower than the residual debt). In the event that the value of 
the property of the debtor subject to security or amount of the proceeds deriving from the sale 
thereof is higher than the residual debt, the debtor will be entitled to receive the excess 
amount. The value of the property shall be determined by an independent expert chosen by the 
parties, or, if an agreement on the appointment of the expert is not reached between them, by 
the president of the competent court (Presidente del Tribunale competente). 
The provisions introduced by the Legislative Decree 72 allow the automatic transfer of the 
property subject to security from the debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the 
relevant outstanding obligations.  
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance - Chairman of CICR (Comitato 
Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the Decree 380) which 
implemented Chapter 1-bis of Title VI of the Banking Law, with the view to creating a 
transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage credit and providing an adequate level 
of protection to consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 September 2016 the Bank of Italy 
has published an amended version of its regulations on transparency of banking and financial 
operations (Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari. Correttezza delle 
relazioni tra intermediari e clienti). 
 
Patto Marciano 
On 4 May 2016, Law Decree 3 May 2016, no. 59 (Decree 59) came into force introducing, 
inter alia, a new article 48-bis into the Banking Law (Article 48-bis). The Decree 59 has been 
converted into Law No. 119 of 30 June 2016, as published in the Offical Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy No. 153 of 2 July 2016.  
Pursuant to Article 48-bis, a loan agreement entered into between an entrepreneur and a bank, 
or another entity authorised to grant loans to the public pursuant to article 106 of the Banking 
Law, may be secured by transferring to the creditor (or to a company of the creditor’s group 
authorised to purchase, hold, manage and transfer rights in rem in immovable property), the 
ownership of a property or of another immovable right of the entrepreneur or of a third party 
(which is not the main home of the owner, of the spouse or of his relatives and in-laws up to

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
the third degree). Such transfer is subject to the condition precedent of the debtor defaulting 
(so-called “Patto Marciano”, hereafter the Covenant). 
The Covenant may be stipulated on entering into the loan agreement or, in respect of loan 
agreements in existence on the date of entry into force of Article 48-bis, under a notarial deed 
made in the context of subsequent amendments. If the loan is already secured by a mortgage, 
the transfer subject to the condition precedent of the default, once registered, prevails over 
annotations and registrations carried out after the mortgage entry.  
The default occurs: (i) in case of repayment in monthly instalments, when the failure to pay 
continues for more than nine months after the expiry of at least three instalments, even if not 
consecutive, and (ii) in case of repayment in a single instalment or with instalments in periods 
of more than one month (e.g. quarterly or semi-annual instalments), once nine months have 
elapsed after the expiry of an unpaid instalment, provided that the aforesaid nine-month 
periods shall be extended to twelve months if the debtor has repaid at least 85 per cent. of the 
loan. 
In the event of default, the creditor is entitled to avail itself of the effects of the Covenant 
provided that any difference between the valuation of the right - as assessed by an expert 
appointed by the court upon request of the creditor - and the total amount of outstanding debt 
and transfer costs is paid back to the debtor. 
Use may be made of the transfer pursuant to article 2 of the Decree 59 even in cases where the 
right in rem in immovable property covered by the Covenant is subject to forced sale due to 
expropriation. In this case, the assessment of the debtor’s default is carried out - at the 
creditor’s request - by the enforcement court, and the valuation is made by the expert 
appointed by such court. The transfer to the creditor is subject - in accordance with the 
procedures established by the enforcement court - to the payment of enforcement charges and 
of any prior creditors or of any difference between the valuation of the asset and the amount 
of the unsettled debt. The same procedure applies, insofar as it is compatible, also in cases 
where the right in rem in immovable property is subject to enforcement in accordance with 
Presidential Decree D.P.R. no. 602/1973 or if, after the Covenant is registered, the debtor goes 
bankrupt. 
The provisions introduced by the Decree 59 allow the automatic application of the Covenant 
upon the occurrence of a default (as described above) of the debtor.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS  
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (other than 
Registered Covered Bonds) (the Conditions and, each of them, a Condition). In these 
Conditions, references to the holder of Covered Bonds and to the Covered Bondholders are 
to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced by book entries 
with Monte Titoli in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the 
Financial Law and the relevant implementing regulations, and (ii) Regulation 13 August 2018 
and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the 
benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
attached to, and forming part of, these Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to any Series of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, complete the 
Conditions for the purpose of such Series. 
In relation to Covered Bonds issued in registered form also as German law governed 
registered covered bonds (the Registered Covered Bonds), the terms and conditions of such 
Series of Registered Covered Bonds will be as set out in the Registered Covered Bond (and 
the terms and conditions of the Registered Covered Bonds (the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions) attached as a Schedule thereto). Any reference to a “Registered Covered Bond 
Condition” other than in this section shall be deemed to be, as applicable, a reference to the 
relevant provision of the Registered Covered Bond or the Registered Covered Bonds 
Conditions attached as a schedule. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be referred to the Conditions and/or the 
Registered Covered Bonds Conditions as the context may require. Any reference to the 
Covered Bondholders shall be referred to the holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered Bond as the context may require. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to including the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Conditions and/or the Registered Covered Bonds as the context may require. 
1 
Introduction 
(a) 
The Programme: Intesa Sanpaolo (the Issuer) has established on the Programme Date 
a Covered Bond Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to an aggregate 
principal amount of €35,000,000,000 covered bonds (the Covered Bonds) guaranteed 
by ISP CB IPOTECARIO S.r.l. (the Covered Bond Guarantor). Covered Bonds are 
and will be issued pursuant to Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, Law 130), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the CRR) and the supervisory instructions of Bank 
of Italy relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Third Part, 
Part 3, of the Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 containing the “Disposizioni di 
vigilanza per le banche”, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the BoI 
OBG Regulations and, jointly with Law 130 and the CRR, the OBG Regulations). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a Tranche). Each Series is the subject of final 
terms (the Final Terms) which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
applicable to any particular Series of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is the subject of 
a guarantee dated on or about the Programme Date (the Covered Bond Guarantee) 
entered into by the Covered Bond Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche 
issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by a 
cover pool constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant Transfer 
Agreement (as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the OBG 
Regulations. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the 
cover pool. Payments made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of 
Payments (as defined below). 
(d) 
Dealer Agreement and Subscription Agreement: In respect of each Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined 
below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay to the Issuer 
the Issue Price for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a dealer 
agreement dated on or about the Programme Date, as amended from time to time (the 
Dealer Agreement) between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
dealer(s) named therein (the Dealers), as supplemented (if applicable) by a 
subscription agreement entered (or to be entered) into between the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) on or about the date of 
the relevant Final Terms (the Subscription Agreement). Under the Dealer 
Agreement, each of the Dealers has appointed KPMG Fides Servizi di 
Amministrazione S.p.A. as representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such 
capacity, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), as described under 
Condition 14 (Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
(e) 
Master Definitions Agreement: Under a master definitions agreement dated on or 
about the Programme Date, as amended from time to time (the Master Definitions 
Agreement) between all the parties to each of the Transaction Documents (as defined 
below), the definitions of certain terms used in the Transaction Documents have been 
agreed. 
(f) 
The Covered Bonds: Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these 
Conditions to Covered Bonds are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms, but all references to each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds are to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms 
and (ii) each other Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
which remains outstanding from time to time. 
(g) 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders: The Rules of the Organisation of 
Covered Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Conditions. 
References in these Conditions to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the 
provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be 
supplemental thereto.

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
(h) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction 
Documents and are subject to the detailed provisions thereof. Covered Bondholders 
are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the 
provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. Copies of the 
Transaction Documents (i) are available for inspection or collection by Covered 
Bondholders during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time and, where applicable, 
at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent or (ii) may be provided by 
email to the Noteholders following their prior written request to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, any Paying Agent and provision of holding and identity (in 
a form satisfactory to the Representative of the Noteholders, the relevant Paying 
Agent, as the case may be).  
2 
Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Account Banks means the entities appointed as account bank by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
Additional Business Centre has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Seller means any bank being party of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group having entered 
into, inter alia, a Master Transfer Agreement with the Covered Bond Guarantor;   
Administrative Services Agreement means the administrative services agreement entered 
into between the Administrative Services Provider and the Covered Bond Guarantor, as 
amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Administrative Services Provider means the entity appointed from time to time as 
administrative services provider by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the 
Administrative Services Agreement being, as at the Programme Date, Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement; 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may 
be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the 
case may be); 
 
Amortisation Test has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement; 
Article 74 Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(a) (Article 74 Event); 
Article 74 Notice to Pay means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor 
Agreement upon the occurrence of an Article 74 Event; 
Asset Hedging Counterparty means the entity appointed as hedging counterparty in 
accordance with the Asset Swaps and any successor thereof; 
Asset Monitor means the auditing company appointed from time to time as asset monitor by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the 
Programme Date between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Asset Swaps means the swap transactions entered into from time to time between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Asset Hedging Counterparty for hedging the currency and/or interest 
rate risk on each Portfolio, as each of them may be amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, and as long as the Hedging Counterparty is Intesa Sanpaolo, such 
transactions will be governed by and form part of the Swap Agreement between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Available Funds means the aggregate of (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal 
Available Funds and (c) following an Issuer Event of Default, the Excess Proceeds; 
Banking Law means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has 
ceased, or will cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Reference Rate); or

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market and such representatives is no longer restored; 
or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholders using the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, if applicable).  
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Reference Rate 
methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Event. In the event of a change in the formula 
and/or (mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Relevant Benchmark, 
reference shall be made to the Reference Rate based on the formula and/or methodology as 
changed. 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
Luxembourg, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given to it in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall 
have the following meanings: 
(i) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought 
back to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
Calculation Agent means the entity appointed as calculation agent by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement which as of the 
Programme Date is PWC Business Services S.r.l.; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement means the cash management and agency 
agreement entered into on or about the Programme Date between, inter alios, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Cash Manager, Intesa Sanpaolo (as Account Bank), the Servicer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent and the Paying Agent, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Cash Manager means the entity appointed as cash manager by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, being, as at the Programme Date, 
Intesa Sanpaolo; 
CB Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, 
in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date); 
CB Payment Date means the First CB Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may 
occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the 
Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment Date) or the 
previous CB Payment Date (in any other case); 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg; 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa;

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
Covered Bondholders means the holders of Covered Bonds, from time to time, title to which 
is evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title); 
Covered Bond Guarantor means ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l., a limited liability company 
(società a responsabilità limitata) incorporated in the Republic of Italy pursuant to article 7 
bis of Law 130, with share capital equal to €120,000.00 (fully paid up) whose registered 
office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan, Italy, enrolled with the Companies’ Register of 
Milan, under No. 05936180966, belonging to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, subject to the 
direction and coordination (direzione e coordinamento), pursuant to Article 2497-bis of the 
Italian Civil Code, of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice means the notice to be served by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default; 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(d) 
(Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default); 
Crisis Code means the "Crisis and Insolvency Code" issued in implementation of Law No. 
155 of October 19, 2017, referred to in Legislative Decree No. 14 of January 12, 2019, as 
amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the Relevant Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Relevant Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Relevant Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Relevant Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Relevant Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Relevant Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Relevant Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Relevant Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Relevant Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Relevant Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Relevant Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Relevant Period 
divided by 360;

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
(v) 
if 30/360 (Fixed rate) (in respect of Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions)) is so 
specified, means the number of days in the Relevant Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months (unless (i) the last day of the Relevant Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Relevant Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, 
in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Relevant Period is the last day 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(vi) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the CB Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a CB Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vii) 
if 30/360 (Floating Rate) (in respect of Condition 6 (Floating Rate)) is so specified, 
the number of days in the Relevant Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
[30x(
)]
[360x(
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Relevant Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Relevant Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Relevant Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Relevant Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Relevant Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Relevant Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Relevant 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
[30x(
)]
[360x(
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Relevant Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Relevant Period falls;

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Relevant Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Relevant Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Relevant Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Relevant Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Relevant Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
[30x(
)]
[360x(
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Relevant Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Relevant Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Relevant Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Relevant Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Relevant Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Relevant Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Relevant Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Relevant Period to, but excluding, the last 
day of the Relevant Period; 
Decree 213 means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 213 of 24 June 1998, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Decree 239 means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Decree 461 means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as amended 
by Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 June 1998), as amended and/or supplemented 
from time to time; 
Decree 512 means the Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time;

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
Decree 600 means the Italian Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Deed of Charge and Assignment means the deed of charge and assignment dated on the First 
Issue Date between the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for itself and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Secured 
Creditors, pursuant to which the Covered Bond Guarantor has charged in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for itself and on trust for the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Secured Creditors) all of its rights, title and interest from time to 
time in and to the Swap Agreements; 
Due for Payment Date has the meaning given to it under the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount outstanding of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Early Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption for tax reasons); 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, 
or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
Eligible Assets means the Receivables and, exclusively prior to the Implementation Date, the 
MBS Notes. 
EMIR Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European Parliament and 
Council dated 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories as 
supplemented by the relevant delegated regulations, as amended from time to time. 
English Law Transaction Documents means the Swap Agreements and the Deed of Charge 
and Assignment and any document or agreement governed by English law which 
supplements, amends or restates the content of any of those documents and any other 
document governed by English law designated as such by the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders;  
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
Excess Proceeds means the amounts received by the Covered Bond Guarantor as a result of 
any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, 
Paragraph 3, of Law 130; 
Exposure Limit means the limits provided under Article 129, paragraph 1a, lett. (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to Article 129 paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR such limits 
shall not apply to “cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement for 
purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test; 
Extendable Maturity has the meaning given to it under Condition 9(b) (Extension of 
maturity); 
Extended Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
date if any specified as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as 
applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be 
deferred pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Extension of maturity);

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
Extension Determination Date means the date falling four Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date; 
Extraordinary Meeting has the meaning given to it in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions; 
Final Redemption Amount means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, representing the amount due (subject 
to the applicable grace period) in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bond; 
Financial Law means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time; 
First Issue Date means the date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds; 
First CB Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
First Special Servicer means the entity appointed as such under the Servicing Agreement; 
First Special Servicer’s Delegates means any entity appointed as such by the First Special 
Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
French Law Security Document means the pledge over bank accounts agreement (contrat de 
nantissement de comptes bancaires) with respect to the bank accounts opened in the name of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor on or about the 22 June 2012, made between, among others, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Further Portfolio means any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets transferred from time to time by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement; 
German Paying Agent means any institution appointed from time to time by the Issuer to act 
as paying agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the Programme; 
Guaranteed Amounts means (i) prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice, with respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of 
amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on 
that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, or (ii) after the service of a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all 
accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, including all Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled 
Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and all amounts payable by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Transaction Documents, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts 
representing interest paid after the Maturity Date shall be paid on such dates and at such rates 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed 
Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders, to the 
extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver 
or liquidator, in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or 
identified in the Order, and has not been paid or recovered from any other source (the Clawed 
Back Amounts). In each case the Guaranteed Amounts does not include any additional 
amounts payable under Condition 11(a) (Gross up); 
Guarantor Payment Date means 12 January, 12 April, 12 July and 12 October in each 
calendar year, or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
Day or, following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, any day on 
which any payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the relevant Final Terms and the 
Intercreditor Agreement;  
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds means the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds in relation to 
which no Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect to such Series or Tranche will be due for payment on the 
Maturity Date and the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test shall apply; 
Hedging Counterparties means, collectively, the Asset Hedging Counterparties and the 
Liability Hedging Counterparties; 
Hedging Senior Payment means, on any relevant date, any interest and/or principal payment 
due under any Swap Agreement, including any termination payment arising out of a 
termination event, other than termination payments where the relevant Hedging Counterparty 
is the defaulting party or the sole affected party, but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable to the relevant Hedging Counterparty in relation to 
the termination of the relevant swap transactions to the extent of any premium received (net of 
any costs reasonably incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Covered Bond Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty 
in consideration for entering into swap transactions with the Covered Bond Guarantor on the 
same terms as the relevant Swap Agreement; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Initial Portfolio means the portfolio of Eligible Assets transferred by the Seller to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement; 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of any company or corporation, that such company or 
corporation has become subject to an Insolvency Proceeding or is no longer able to fulfil its 
obligations; 
Insolvency Proceedings means bankruptcy (fallimento) or any other instrument or 
proceedings aimed at managing or solving crisis of insolvency under Italian law (in particolar, 
under the Banking Law and the Italian Insolvency Code) or analogous proceedings in any 
jurisdiction (as the case may be), including, but not limited to, any reorganisation measure 
(procedura di risanamento) or winding-up proceedings (procedura di liquidazione), of any 
nature, court settlement with creditors in pre-bankruptcy proceedings (concordato preventivo), 
out-of-court settlements with creditors (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti and piani di 
risanamento), extraordinary administration (amministrazione straordinaria, including 
amministrazione straordinaria delle grandi imprese in stato di insolvenza), or any analogous 
insolvency proceeding or other proceeding which otherwise triggers the sale of the assets of 
the relevant entity in accordance with the provisions of the law of any relevant jurisdiction (as 
the case may be); 
Integration Assets means (i) the assets referred to Article 129, Paragraph 1, letter (c) and the 
assets meeting the requirements of Article 129, Paragraph 1(a) and of the art. 7-novies of Law 
130 and (ii) any debt securities or other exposures referred to in Article 129, Paragraph 1, 
letters (a) and (b) of the CRR;

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
Integration Assignment means the assignments of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets made in order to restore the respect of the applicable Tests, Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount and/or Exposure Limit for which a breach has been verified or in order 
to prevent such breach; 
Intercreditor Agreement means the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the 
Programme Date between, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Servicer, the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and a CB 
Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in respect of that Series or Tranche for that CB 
Interest Period; 
Interest Available Funds has the meaning given to it under the Master Definitions 
Agreement; 
Interest Commencement Date means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the Issue Date of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the 
Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Intesa Sanpaolo means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a bank organised as a joint stock company 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 
Turin, Italy and secondary office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, Milan, Italy, incorporated with 
Fiscal Code number and registration number with the Turin Register of Enterprises 
00799960158, VAT number 11991500015, and registered with the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
article 13 of the Banking Law under number 5361, head of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, agreed 
into the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi and into the Fondo Nazionale di 
Garanzia; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated prior to the 
entering into each Transaction under the Swap Agreements) as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivative Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds) 
as specified in the applicable final terms; and available on www.ISDA.org; 
 ISP Mandate Agreement means the mandate agreement entered into on 28 February 2014 
between Intesa Sanpaolo, as Swap Service Provider, and the Covered Bond Guarantor, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, for the performance of certain service to be 
provided under the Swap Agreements further to the approval of the EMIR Regulation. 
Issue Date has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(c) (Issuer Events of 
Default); 
Italian Civil Code means the Italian Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Italian Insolvency Code means the Crisis Code; 
Italian Law Transaction Documents means the Master Transfer Agreement and each 
Transfer Agreement entered into in accordance with the provisions thereof, the Servicing 
Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Dealer Agreement,

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
each Subscription Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Pledge 
Agreement, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Swap Service Agreements, the Conditions, 
the Final Terms and any document or agreement governed by Italian law which supplements, 
amends or restates the content of any of those documents and any other document governed 
by Italian law designated as such by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
Liability Hedging Counterparty means the entity appointed as hedging counterparty in 
accordance with the Liability Swaps and any successor thereof; 
Liability Swaps means the swap transactions entered into from time to time between the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Liability Hedging Counterparty for hedging the interest rate 
risk on the Covered Bonds, as each of them may be amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time and as long as the Hedging Counterparty is Intesa Sanpaolo, such 
transactions will be governed by and form part of the Swap Agreement between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Liquid Assets means the assets referred to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) 
of Law 130, provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets or 
substitution assets under Article 129 of the CRR and under the Law 130 also in the form of 
substitution assets; 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to Article 
7-duodecies of Law 130, as set out in the Portfolio Management Agreement; 
Long Dated Covered Bonds means any Covered Bond issued by the Issuer in respect of 
which the Extended Maturity Date is set at the Long Date Due for Payment Date and 
identified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Long Date Due For Payment Date means the CB Payment Date immediately following the 
tenth anniversary of the latest maturity date in respect of the Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets contained in the Portfolio as of the Extension Determination 
Date; 
Luxembourg Listing Agent means the entity appointed as Luxembourg listing agent by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, being, as 
at the Programme Date, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.; 
Margin has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Master Transfer Agreement means the master transfer agreement entered into on 29 July 
2010 between the Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor, as amended and/or supplemented 
from time to time and any other master transfer agreement entered into between any 
Additional Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor for the purposes of providing for the 
possibility for such Additional Seller to transfer a Further Portfolio to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor; 
Maturity Date has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Required Account Bank Rating means the short-term rating as determined to be 
applicable or agreed by the Rating Agency from time to time with reference to the entity 
which acts in its capacity as Account Bank (or any institution guaranteeing its obligation on

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
the basis of a guarantee satisfying the criteria of the Rating Agency), being, as at the date 
hereof, “P-3” by Moody’s; 
Minimum Required Pre-Maturity Liquidity Guarantor Rating means the short term 
rating as determined to be applicable or agreed by the Rating Agency from time to time with 
reference to the entity which acts in its capacity as guarantor in order to cure a breach of the 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test (or any institution guaranteeing its obligation on the basis of a 
guarantee satisfying the criteria of the Rating Agency), being, as at the First Issue Date, “P-1” 
by Moody’s; 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A. (commercial name “Euronext Securities Milan”) a 
joint stock company under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at 
Piazza degli Affari 6, Milan, Italy, incorporated with Fiscal Code and VAT number 
03638780159, registered with the Milan Register of Enterprises under number 03638780159; 
Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quater of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 and includes any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System; 
Moody’s means Moody's Italia S.r.l.; 
Notice to Pay means the notice to be served upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement; 
Official Gazette means the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana); 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Order has the meaning given to it in the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders means the association of the Covered 
Bondholders, organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
Other Secured Creditors means all the Secured Creditors other than the Covered 
Bondholders; 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds or any other asset, the aggregate nominal principal amount 
outstanding of such loan, bond, Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or asset at such date; 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds means the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the outstanding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds;

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
Paying Agent means the entity appointed from time to time as paying agent by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, being, as at the 
Programme Date, Deutsche Bank S.p.A.; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such 
Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds; 
Pledge Agreement means the pledge agreement dated on the First Issue Date between the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for itself and in 
the interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Secured Creditors) 
pursuant to which the Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed to pledge in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for itself and in the interest and for the benefit of 
the Covered Bondholders and the Other Secured Creditors), all the existing and future 
monetary rights (including the claims, indemnities, compensation for damages, penalties, 
credit rights and guarantees, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Portfolio and the 
collections arising thereof) to which the Covered Bond Guarantor is, or shall be, entitled to 
under the terms of the Pledged Agreements (as defined under the Pledge Agreement) entered 
into by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the context of the Programme and under which the 
Covered Bond Guarantor may have monetary rights and claims, as security for all the Secured 
Obligations (as defined under the Pledge Agreement); 
Portfolio means the Initial Portfolio and any Further Portfolio, owned by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor; 
Portfolio Administration Agreement means the portfolio administration agreement entered 
into on or about the Programme Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent, 
as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments has the meaning given to it in the 
Intercreditor Agreement; 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments has the meaning given to it in the Intercreditor 
Agreement; 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments has the meaning given to it in the 
Intercreditor Agreement; 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments has the meaning given to it in the 
Intercreditor Agreement; 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account means the account or the accounts to be opened by the 
Issuer for making deposits in any form in order to remedy a breach of the Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Test; 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Rating means, with reference to the Issuer, the short-term 
rating as determined to be applicable or agreed by Moody’s from time to time, being, as at the 
Programme Date, “P-1”; 
Pre-Maturity Rating Period means the period preceding the Maturity Date of any Series or 
Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds which may be required by the Rating Agency from 
time to time, being, as at the First Issue Date, 12 months;

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
Principal Available Funds has the meaning given to it in the Master Definitions Agreement; 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by 
the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Paying Agent; 
Priorities of Payments means, collectively, the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of 
Payments, the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments, the Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payments and the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments; 
Programme Date means 19 October 2010; 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Asset Monitor by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
on behalf of any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at 
the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Covered 
Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with such Paying Agent by any Covered 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered 
Bondholder; 
Quotaholders’ Agreement means the quotaholders’ agreement executed on 29 July 2010 by, 
inter alios, the Issuer and Stichting Viridis 2, as amended and/or supplemented from time to 
time; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions 
and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
Rating Agency means Moody’s, to the extent that, at the relevant time, it provides ratings in 
respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds; 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of, the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Paying Agent in the market that is most closely connected with 
the Reference Rate; 
Reference Price has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Registrar means any institution in which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer to 
act as a registrar in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
Programme, provided that if the Issuer will keep the register and will not delegate such 
activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer; 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date 
to but excluding the first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one CB Payment Date to but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB 
Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the 
first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but 
excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but 
not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls other than the CB Payment Date 
falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period; 
Regulation 13 August 2018 means the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB 
on 13 August 2018, as published on the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a 
clearing system through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made; 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so 
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders; 
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Series or Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party 
to any Subscription Agreement entered into with the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Series or Tranche 
pursuant to the Dealer Agreement; 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof;

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
Relevant Time has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Required Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement; 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders means the rules of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions;  
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(a) 
(A) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of any Guaranteed 
Amounts is reached, and (B) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date 
immediately after the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default, 
the day which is two Business Days following service, respectively, of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts, if such Article 74 Notice to 
Pay or Notice to Pay has not been served more than two Business Days prior to the 
relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to 
the relevant series of Covered Bonds, the CB Payment Date that would have applied 
if the Maturity Date of such series of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity 
Date or such other CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Scheduled Interest means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would 
have been due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, on each CB Payment 
Dates as specified in the Conditions falling on or after service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
(which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor (but 
excluding any additional amounts relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon 
interest: the Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts), but including such Excluded 
Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) following service of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior 
to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
or where applicable, after the Maturity Date such other amounts of interest as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made under the 
circumstances set out in the Conditions; 
Scheduled Payment Date means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
each CB Payment Date; 
Scheduled Principal means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which 
would have been due and repayable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, on each CB 
Payment Dates as specified in the Conditions falling on or after service of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (but excluding any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early redemption, 
broken funding indemnities, penalties, or premiums: the Excluded Scheduled Principal 
Amounts), but including such Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
arose) following service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice if the Covered 
Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or, if in accordance with 
the Final Terms an Extended Maturity Date is applied to such Series or Tranche, the Extended 
Maturity Date of such Series or Tranche; 
Second Special Servicer means the entity appointed as such under the Servicing Agreement; 
Secured Creditors means, collectively, the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, the 
Special Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special Servicer’s Delegates (if 
any), the Administrative Services Provider, the Account Banks, the Paying Agent, the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Hedging Counterparties, the Swap Service Providers, the 
Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Calculation Agent, the Dealers and any other entity 
acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement; 
Selected Assets means the Eligible Assets to be sold by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(through the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
Seller means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as seller under the Master Transfer Agreement; 
Series has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the term “Series” shall mean, in case of Registered Covered Bonds, each 
Registered Covered Bonds made out in the name of a specific Registered Covered 
Bondholder; 
Servicer means the entity appointed as servicer by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to 
the Servicing Agreement, being, as at the Programme Date, Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Servicer’s Delegates meant any entity appointed as such by the Servicer in accordance with 
the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement means the servicing agreement entered into on 29 July 2010 between 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Servicer and the Special Servicer, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Special Servicer means the First Special Servicer, the Second Special Servicer and any other 
entity acting as Special Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, as the case may be; 
Specified Currency has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Office means, as of the Programme Date: 
(i) 
with reference to the Paying Agent, Via Melchiorre Gioia 8, Milan, Italy;  
(ii) 
with reference to Intesa (as Account Bank), Via Verdi 8, Milan, Italy; 
(iii) 
with reference to the Cash Manager, Via Verdi 8, Milan, Italy; 
(iv) 
with reference to the Calculation Agent, Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy; 
(v) 
with reference to the Luxembourg Listing Agent, 2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, 
Luxembourg L-III5; 
or such other office in the same city or town as each of the entities indicated above may 
specify by notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement in the manner provided therein; 
Specified Period has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
Subordinated Loan Agreement means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on or 
about the Programme Date between the Subordinated Loan Provider and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Subordinated Loan Provider means Intesa Sanpaolo, and any successor thereof, appointed 
as subordinated loan provider in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code; 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a 
successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
Swap Agreements means the agreement entered into between Intesa Sanpaolo (as Hedging 
Counterparty) and the Covered Bond Guarantor in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement (as 
amended on 23 September 2013 and as may be amended from time to time), including a 
schedule and credit support annex thereto and any swap agreement entered into between any 
other Hedging Counterparty and the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Swap Service Agreements means ISP Mandate Agreement and any other mandate 
agreements that the Covered Bond Guarantor may enter, from time to time, into for the supply 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor of certain services due under the Swap Agreements pursuant 
to the EMIR Regulation. 
Swap Service Providers means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party that has entered or will 
enter, from time to time, into a Swap Service Agreement. 
T2 Settlement Day means any day on which real time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem (T2) (or any successor thereto) is open; 
Tests means, jointly, the Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test, the Interest Coverage Test and 
the Amortisation Test, as respectively defined under the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
Transaction Documents means, collectively, the Italian Law Transaction Documents and the 
English Law Transaction Documents and any other document designated as such by the 
Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
Transfer Agreement means the transfer agreement to be entered into between the Seller 
and/or any Additional Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor to effect the transfer of a 
Further Portfolio in accordance with the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement; 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
2.2 
Interpretation: 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other 
amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not 
applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, 
in accordance with the terms of such Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto 
subsequent to the date thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing 
party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional party to such document and 
whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a single Series or 
Tranche only; and 
(vi) 
any reference to any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or 
other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed 
as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to 
time be, amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted. 
3 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination of Euro 100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a 
currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such Specified Currency), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued and 
will be held in dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) on behalf of 
the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for 
the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. Each Series or Tranche will 
be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date. Monte Titoli shall act as 
depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will at all times be 
evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book-entries in 
accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the Financial Law and 
the relevant implementing regulations and (ii) Regulation 13 August 2018. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights 
and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with 
these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. For 
the purposes of Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004, dematerialised Covered 
Bonds shall be deemed as having been issued in bearer form.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and the Paying Agent may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) deem 
and treat the Monte Titoli Account Holders, whose accounts are at the relevant time 
credited with a Covered Bond, as the absolute owner of such Covered Bond for the 
purposes of payments to be made to the holder of such Covered Bond (whether or not 
the Covered Bond is overdue and notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, any 
notice of ownership or writing on the Covered Bond or any notice of any previous 
loss or theft of the Covered Bond) and shall not be liable for doing so.

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
4 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of 
a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any 
funds realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee: The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in 
respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds when due for payment will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant 
to the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall have no 
obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed Amount on the 
Due for Payment Date until the occurrence of an Article 74 Event (and for so long it 
is outstanding) or an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
(and until its withdrawal) or a Notice to Pay. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments: Amounts due by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as 
set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Any payment made by the Covered Bond Guarantor shall discharge the corresponding 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. 
5 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed 
Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal 
Balance from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrears on each CB 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments), up to (and excluding) 
the Maturity Date, or as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered 
Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered 
Bond for any CB Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if 
the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6 
Floating Rate 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating 
Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: Each Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal 
Balance from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrears on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6 until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Paying 
Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be 
determined by the Paying Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Paying Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, on the Interest Determination Date, the Paying Agent determines that the 
Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, Reference 
Rate shall be the Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors), 
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, 
however, that if the Paying Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) 
an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any CB 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such CB 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a 
preceding CB Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be the sum 
of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where ISDA Rate in relation to any CB 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Paying Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Paying Agent were acting as Paying Agent for that interest rate 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of 
Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(f) 
Fallback Provisions: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent or the person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to a Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser 
for the determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no 
Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the Alternative Benchmark Rate) and, in 
either case, an alternative screen page or source (the Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page) and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding CB Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds 
for all future CB Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(f));  
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference 
Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates 
of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate,

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information 
service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market 
usage for purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in 
respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that 
there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Reference 
Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service 
as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided however that if (A) this sub-
paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding CB Interest Period in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (iii), then the Reference Rate applicable to such Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the Relevant 
Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different relevant Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the relevant Margin relating to the relevant CB Interest Period, in place 
of the margin relating to that last preceding CB Interest Period). For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding CB Interest Period, 
and any subsequent CB Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 6(f); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant 
Screen Page in relation to the Covered Bonds for all future CB Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(f); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent 
Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may 
also specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or 
the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Covered Bonds, and the 
method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Covered Bonds, in 
order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(f)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and 
Adjustment Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bondholders. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each CB 
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered 
Bond for such CB Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other 
amount is to be calculated by the Paying Agent, then the Paying Agent will, as soon 
as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, 
calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Paying 
Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Publication: The Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant CB Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) 
to be notified to each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate 
of Interest, Interest Amount and CB Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant CB Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to 
the Covered Bondholders. The Paying Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Paying Agent shall 
not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
(j) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Paying Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes.

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
7 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Zero 
Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the Covered 
Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
8 
Partly-Paid Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Partly-
Paid Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest: Interest will accrue on the paid up nominal amount of such Covered 
Bonds or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as 
specified below, the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9(b) (Extension of maturity) and Condition 10 (Payments). If an Extended 
Maturity Date is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, Condition 9(m) (Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test) shall apply. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in 
any event at least as of the Extension Determination Date as to whether payment will 
or will not be made in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered 
Bonds on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Paying Agent 
shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity: Without prejudice to Condition 11 (Taxation), if (i) an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in relation to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in the relevant Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and 
an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, following the service, 
respectively, of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, and (ii) the Calculation Agent (on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor) 
determines that the Covered Bond Guarantor has insufficient Available Funds under 
the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date, then (subject as provided 
below), payment of the unpaid amount by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date provided

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining 
unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date (a Maturity Extension). Notwithstanding the above, if the 
Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 
Event, upon termination of the suspension period and withdrawal of the Article 74 
Notice to Pay, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment 
obligations under any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds in respect of which an 
Extendable Maturity has occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due 
for payment by no later than 15 calendar days following the day on which the Article 
74 Notice to Pay has been withdrawn. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices)), any relevant Hedging Counterparty, the 
Rating Agency, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Paying Agent 
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event at least one Business Day prior to 
the relevant Maturity Date, of any inability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay in 
full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Any failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to notify such parties shall not 
affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any 
such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall, on the 
relevant Due for Payment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the 
monies (if any) available (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or 
pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata 
in payment of an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts 
constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The 
obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the 
balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid on such Due for Payment Date 
shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period 
and be payable on each Guarantor Payment Date following the Maturity Date up to 
the Extended Maturity Date (inclusive). 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and applied, failure to pay on the 
Maturity Date by the Covered Bond Guarantor shall not constitute a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to this Condition 9(b) or in case of 
“liquidazione coatta amministrativa” or resolution of the Issuer, the extension of the 
Final Maturity Date shall not affect the ranking or the sequencing of the Covered 
Bonds. 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of Law 130 and 
the Bank of Italy Regulations, the Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in case an 
Extended Maturity Date has become applicable in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds further to the occurrence of the Maturity Extension, within 10 (ten) calendar 
days from the occurrence thereof.

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any European law or 
regulation, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on a CB Payment Date, 60 
days prior to the CB Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent, with a copy to the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, a certificate signed by a 
duly authorised officer of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and such evidence 
shall be sufficient to the Paying Agent and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and conclusive and binding on the Covered Bondholders. Upon the 
expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(c), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 9(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem 
the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date 
in accordance with Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing 
System (to be reflected in the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in 
Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of 
the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders: If the Put Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of any 
Covered Bondholder, redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such 
date. In order to exercise the option provided for under this Condition 9(f), the 
Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Paying Agent a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in the form obtainable from the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with 
which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option 
Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with 
this Condition 9(f), no duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
Covered Bonds become immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of 
any such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of 
the redemption monies is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder at such address as may have 
been given by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall 
hold such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so 
long as any outstanding Covered Bonds are held by a Paying Agent in accordance 
with this Condition 9(f), the Covered Bondholder and not such Paying Agent shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds 
otherwise than as provided in Conditions 9(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (f) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders) above. 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the 
Covered Bonds become due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the 
purposes of this Condition 9(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360.  
(i) 
Redemption by instalments: If the Covered Bonds are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being amortising and redeemable in instalments they will be redeemed in 
such number of instalments, in such amounts (Instalment Amounts) and on such 
dates as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms and upon each partial redemption as provided by this Condition 9(i), the 
outstanding principal amount of each such Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the 
relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Covered Bond 
Guarantor) may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. The Covered Bond Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds 
at any time. 
(k) 
Legislative Exchange: Following the coming into force in Italy, at any time after the 
Issue Date, of (i) any legislation similar to the OBG Regulation in force in any other 
European Union country or (ii) any rules, regulations or guidelines published by any 
governmental authority that provides for bonds issued by Italian issuers to qualify for 
the same benefits available to covered bonds issued under covered bond legislation in 
force in any other European Union country, the Issuer may, at its option and without 
the consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, exchange all (but not 
some only) of the Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche then outstanding (the 
Existing Covered Bonds) for new Covered Bonds which qualify as covered bonds 
under such new legislation, rules, regulations or guidelines (the New Covered Bonds) 
on the same economic terms and conditions as the Existing Covered Bonds (the 
Legislative Exchange) if not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the 
Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices)) and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders is given and provided that: 
(i) 
on the date on which such notice expires the Issuer delivers to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of each of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
confirming that, in the case of the Issuer, no Issuer Event of Default and, in 
the case of the Covered Bond Guarantor, no Covered Bond Guarantor Event 
of Default, has occurred which is continuing; 
(ii) 
the Rating Agency has confirmed in writing that the New Covered Bonds will 
be assigned the same ratings as are then applicable to the Existing Covered 
Bonds; and 
(iii) 
if the Existing Covered Bonds are listed, quoted and/or traded on or by a 
competent and/or relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system on or before the date on which such notice expires, the Issuer delivers 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer confirming that all applicable rules of

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
such competent and/or relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system have been or will be complied with. 
The Existing Covered Bonds will be cancelled concurrently with the issue of 
the New Covered Bonds and with effect on and from the date of issue thereof 
all references herein to Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be references to 
the New Covered Bonds. 
(l) 
Redemption due to illegality: The Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), 
all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders immediately before the giving of such 
notice that it has, or will, before the next CB Payment Date of any Covered Bond of 
any Series or Tranche, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under 
the Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws 
or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become effective 
before the next such CB Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9(l) will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(m) 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test. If an Extended Maturity Date is not specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, on 
any Business Day falling during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (each a Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date), 
the Calculation Agent will determine if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test (as defined 
below) has been breached, and if so, it shall immediately notify the Issuer, the Seller, 
the Hedging Counterparties and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
For the purpose of this paragraph (m) the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is complied 
with on any Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date if, during the Pre-Maturity Rating 
Period, the Issuer’s credit rating is greater than or equal to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Required Rating.  
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of a Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
make a cash deposit in an amount equal to the Required Redemption 
Amount of the Series or Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to 
which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates on the Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Account, opened in its name with a bank whose ratings are 
at least equal to the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating 
provided for under the Transaction Documents and pledged in favour 
of the Covered Bondholders; or 
(b) 
obtain a first demand, autonomous guarantee (meeting the criteria set 
forth by the Rating Agency) for an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount of the Series or Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates, by an

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
eligible entity whose ratings are at least equal to the Minimum 
Required Pre-Maturity Liquidity Guarantor Rating; or 
(c) 
take action in the form of a combination of the foregoing which in 
aggregate add up to an amount equal to the Required Redemption 
Amount of the Series or Tranche of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to 
which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates; 
and/or 
(ii) 
the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall sell, 
subject to any pre-emption right of the Seller or any Additional Seller (as the 
case may be) pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, Selected 
Assets and Integration Assets in accordance with the procedures set out in the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement, for an amount equal to the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount of the Series or Tranche of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates. 
10 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems: Payment of interest and repayment of principal in 
respect of the Covered Bonds will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of 
Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers 
whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Covered Bonds and 
thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such aforementioned 
accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds or through 
the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing Systems of 
the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Monte Titoli and of the Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are 
subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to Covered Bondholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of 
any Covered Bond is not a Business Day in the Place of Payment, the Covered 
Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the 
next succeeding Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
11 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of 
the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will 
result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account 
of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Decree 
239 with respect to any Covered Bonds or, for the avoidance of doubt, Decree 
461 or any related implementing regulations, and in all circumstances in 
which the procedures set forth in Decree 239 in order to benefit from a tax 
exemption have not been met or complied with except where such procedures 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the 
Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments: 
(a) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(b) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Covered Bond by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of 
such Covered Bond; or 
(c) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding 
or deduction in respect of such Covered Bond by making, or 
procuring, a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(d) 
more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that 
the relevant holder would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting such Covered Bond for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Business Day; or 
(e) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-
Italian resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts 
is paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual which is resident in a Country which does not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(f) 
in respect of any Covered Bonds where such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to the Italian Presidential Decree No. 
600 of 29 September 1973, as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time; 
(g) 
in respect of any Covered Bond where such withholding or deduction 
is required pursuant to Decree 600; or 
(h) 
in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where 
such withholding or deduction is required under Decree 512; or 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the 
Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such 
other jurisdiction. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts in 
respect of the Covered Bonds for any amounts required to be withheld or deducted 
pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the Guarantor: If withholding of, or deduction of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on 
behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the 
case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered 
Bondholders. 
12 
Article 74 Event and Events of Default 
(a) 
Article 74 Event: If a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law is issued in 
respect of the Issuer (an Article 74 Event), the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will serve a notice (the Article 74 Notice to Pay) on the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor that an Article 74 Event has occurred. 
(b) 
Effect of an Article 74 Notice to Pay: Upon service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
upon the Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(i) 
Temporary Acceleration against the Issuer: each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will 
rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that: (a) such 
events shall not trigger an acceleration against the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
and (b) in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of Law 130, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor shall be responsible for the payments of the 
amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during the suspension 
period;  
(ii) 
Delegation: the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive 
basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee in the context of which 
the Covered Bondholders irrevocably delegate – also in the interest and for 
the benefit of the Covered Bond Guarantor and to the extent necessary – to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer 
to enforce the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any acceleration 
of payment provisions provided under these Conditions or under the 
applicable legislation. For this purpose, upon request of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders shall provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with any 
powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem necessary or 
expedient for taking all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct 
performance of its mandate. 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed 
such delegation and waived any rights of the Covered Bondholders to revoke 
such delegation and take any such individual action against the Issuer; 
(iii) 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor: the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date 
in accordance with (i)(a) above and subject in any case to the provisions of 
the Conditions;  
(iv) 
Mandatory Tests: the Mandatory Tests shall continue to be applied;

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
(v) 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and Exposure Limit: the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount and the Exposure Limit shall continue to be applied; and 
(vi) 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test: the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test shall be deemed 
to be failed with respect to any Hard Bullet Covered Bonds for which the 
Maturity Date falls within 12 months. 
Upon the termination of the suspension period, the Article 74 Notice to Pay shall be 
withdrawn and the Issuer will be responsible for meeting the payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding will no longer be deemed to have been accelerated against the Issuer) in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
(c) 
Issuer Events of Default: If any of the following events (each, an Issuer Event of 
Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: default is made by the Issuer for a period of 7 days or more in 
the payment of any principal or redemption amount, or for a period of 14 days 
or more in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of any Series or 
Tranche when due, unless an Article 74 Event has occurred and the relevant 
suspension period is continuing; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer is in breach of material obligations 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series or Tranche 
outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other 
than any obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered 
Bonds and/or any obligation to ensure compliance of the Portfolio with the 
Tests)) and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof 
to the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above 
occurs in respect of any other Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer (other than, 
for the avoidance of doubt, an early intervention measure (misura di 
intervento precoce) pursuant to Title IV, Chapter I, of the Consolidated 
Banking Act or a resolution (risoluzione) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 
180 of 16 November 2015); or 
(v) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business; or 
(vi) 
Breach of Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test: in relation to Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds, breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test which is not remedied by 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
20 Business Days from the date on which the Issuer is notified of the 
breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test; and 
(b) 
the Maturity Date of that Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; or 
(vii) 
Breach of Mandatory Test: breach of any of the Mandatory Tests which is not 
remedied by the Calculation Date immediately following the notification of 
such breach.

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
(viii) 
No Issuer Event of Default shall occur other than in the context of an 
insolvency or liquidation in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution 
authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Issuer Event of 
Default for any purpose). 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
will serve a notice (the Notice to Pay) on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred and, upon service of such Notice to Pay:  
(a) 
No further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not issue any 
further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
will accelerate against the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that (i) such events shall not 
trigger an acceleration against the Covered Bond Guarantor, and (ii) in 
accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of Law 130 and 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall be solely responsible for the exercise of the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer subject to liquidation 
and any Excess Proceeds will be part of the Available Funds;  
(c) 
Delegation: the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive 
basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee, in the context of which 
the Covered Bondholders irrevocably delegate – also in the interest and for 
the benefit of the Covered Bond Guarantor and to the extent necessary – to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer 
to enforce the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any acceleration 
of payment provisions provided under these Conditions or under the 
applicable legislation. For this purpose, upon request of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders shall provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with any 
powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem necessary or 
expedient for taking all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct 
performance of its mandate. 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed such delegation 
and waived any rights of the Covered Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take 
any such individual action against the Issuer; 
(d) 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor: the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date 
in accordance with (b)(i) above and subject in any case to the provisions of 
the Conditions;  
(e) 
Disposal of Assets: the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, shall sell the Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than cash deposits) included in the

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
Portfolio in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement; 
(f) 
Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test shall be applied. 
(d) 
Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default: Following an Issuer Event of Default, if 
any of the following events (each, a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default) 
occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: non-payment of principal and/or interest in respect of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, subject to a 7 day cure 
period in respect of principal or redemption amounts and a 14 day cure period 
in respect of interest payment or non-payment or non-setting aside for 
payment of costs or amounts due to any Hedging Counterparties by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor;  
(ii) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test is breached; 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligations: breach by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the 
other binding obligations under the Dealer Agreement, the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantee or any other Transaction Document 
to which the Covered Bond Guarantor is a party, which is not remedied 
within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice of such breach to the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor; 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is 
not in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
(e) 
Effect of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice: From and including the 
date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice upon the Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
will accelerate against the Covered Bond Guarantor, becoming immediately 
due and payable, and the Covered Bonds will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves; 
(ii) 
Disposal of assets: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in 
the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, direct the Servicer, 
or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, to sell all assets included in the Portfolio in accordance with the 
provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement; and 
(iii) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such 
proceedings against the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (as the case 
may be) as it may think fit, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
(f) 
Determinations, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of this Condition 12 by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in absence of wilful 
default (dolo) or gross negligence (colpa grave) of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) no liability to the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall attach to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
hereunder and under the Transaction Documents. 
13 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years 
(in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
14 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders: The Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance of the Covered 
Bonds and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment in full or cancellation of 
all Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there 
shall at all times be a Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The appointment of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered Bondholders 
subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
(b) 
Initial appointment: Under the Dealer Agreement, each of the Dealers has appointed 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to perform the activities described in 
the Dealer Agreement, in these Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of 
Covered Bondholders), in the Intercreditor Agreement and in the other Transaction 
Documents, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such 
appointment for the period commencing on the First Issue Date and ending (subject to 
early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds 
have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Covered Bondholders: Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of 
holding a Covered Bond: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its 
representative and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound 
by any agreement entered into from time to time by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in such capacity as if such Covered Bondholder were a 
signatory thereto;  
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Relevant Dealer(s) shall not be liable, 
without prejudice for the provisions set forth under Article 1229 of the Italian 
Civil Code, in respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage 
suffered or incurred by any of the Covered Bondholders as a result of the 
performance by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of its duties 
or the exercise of any of its rights under the Transaction Documents; and

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
(iii) 
appoints the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to act as its agent 
under and in connection with the French Law Security Document in 
accordance with article 2328-1 of the French Code civil. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall not hold the benefit of the French Law 
Security Document on trust and as agent for itself and the Covered 
Bondholders but each Covered Bondholder shall benefit directly from the 
security interest created under the French Law Security Document. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders acknowledges that it has been 
appointed by each Covered Bondholder to constitute, register, manage and 
enforce all security interests created under the French Law Security 
Document for the purposes of article 2328-1 of the French Code civil. 
15 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the 
Covered Bonds, the Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and, following the service 
of a Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, as agent of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and do not assume in the framework of the Programme any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office are set out in these Conditions. Any 
additional Paying Agent and its Specified Office (if any) are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Issuer, and (where applicable) the Covered Bond Guarantor, reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and to appoint an 
additional or successor paying agent; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall at all times 
maintain a paying agent; and 
(b) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing and/or trading by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or listing system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer, and (where 
applicable) the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall maintain a Paying Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or listing system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agent or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Covered Bondholders. 
16 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create 
and issue further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single 
series with the Covered Bonds. 
17 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may (and in the case of an Approved 
Reorganisation shall) agree with the Issuer (or any previous substitute) and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor at any time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
to the substitution in place of Intesa Sanpaolo (or of any previous substitute) as 
principal debtor under the Covered Bonds by any bank being a Subsidiary of Intesa 
Sanpaolo (the Substitute Obligor) by way of an obligation transfer agreement 
without recourse to the Issuer (accollo liberatorio); or

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
(b) 
to an Approved Reorganisation; or 
(c) 
that Intesa Sanpaolo (or any previous substitute) may, other than by means of an 
Approved Reorganisation, consolidate with, merge into or amalgamate with any 
successor company, 
provided that: 
(i) 
the obligations of the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity under the Covered 
Bonds shall be irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by Intesa Sanpaolo (on 
like terms as to subordination, if applicable, to those of the Covered Bond Guarantee); 
and 
(ii) 
(other than in the case of an Approved Reorganisation) the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has confirmed in writing that it is satisfied that the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby; and 
(iii) 
the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity agrees, in form and manner satisfactory 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to be bound by the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds and all the Transaction Documents in respect to any 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds still outstanding, by means of executing 
agreements and documents substantially in the same form and substance of the 
Transaction Documents; 
(iv) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed in writing that it is 
satisfied that (a) the Resulting Entity or Substituted Obligor has obtained all 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for its assumption of 
liability as principal debtor in respect of the Covered Bonds in place of the Issuer (or 
such previous substitute as aforesaid), and (b) such approvals and consents are, at the 
time 
of 
substitution, 
Approved 
Reorganisation 
or 
consolidation, 
merger, 
amalgamation other than by means of an Approved Reorganisation, as the case may 
be, in full force and effect. 
Upon the assumption of the obligations of the Issuer by a Substitute Obligor or a Resulting 
Entity or a successor company, Intesa Sanpaolo shall have no further liabilities under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Any such substitution, Approved Reorganisation or consolidation, merger or amalgamation 
shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and 
to the Rating Agency. In the case of a substitution, the relevant Issuer shall notify the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange thereof and prepare, or procure the preparation of, a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus in respect of the Programme. 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities or discretions above mentioned: (a) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders as a class and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of 
the foregoing, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Covered Bondholders resulting from them being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory; and (b) the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to claim from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Covered Bondholders except to the extent already provided for by Condition 11 
(Taxation). 
In these Conditions, Approved Reorganisation means a solvent and voluntary reorganisation 
involving, alone or with others, the Issuer, and whether by way of consolidation,

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
amalgamation, merger, transfer of all or substantially all of its business or assets, or otherwise 
provided that the principal resulting, surviving or transferee entity (a Resulting Entity) is a 
banking company and effectively assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under, or in respect 
of, the Covered Bonds. 
18 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
(a) 
Limited Recourse: Each of the Covered Bondholders: 
(i) 
acknowledges and agrees that, without prejudice to those Transaction Documents 
which contemplate payments to be made to the Secured Creditors by way of set-off, if 
any, all obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor to each Covered Bondholders and 
each Other Secured Creditor, including, without limitation, under the Covered Bonds 
or any Transaction Document to which it is a party (including any obligation for the 
payment of damages or penalties, but excluding the obligation to pay the Purchase 
Price in respect of the Portfolio under the Master Transfer Agreement), are limited in 
recourse and shall arise and become due and payable as at the relevant date in an 
amount equal to the lesser of: (a) the aggregate nominal amount of such payment 
which, but for the operation of this Condition 17 and the applicable Priority of 
Payments, would be due and payable at such time to the relevant Secured Creditor; 
and (b) the then Available Funds, net of any sums which are payable by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments in priority to, 
or pari passu with, sums payable to such Secured Creditor. For the avoidance of 
doubt, it is understood that if the Available Funds are insufficient to pay any amount 
due and payable on any Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, the shortfall then occurring will not be payable on that date but 
will become payable on the subsequent Guarantor Payment Dates if and to the extent 
that the Available Funds may be used for this purpose in accordance with the 
Priorities of Payments. Such shortfall will not cause the accrual of default interest 
unless otherwise provided in the relevant Transaction Document. If there are not 
Available Funds for payment to the Secured Creditors at the date the Covered Bonds 
are cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, the Secured Creditors shall have no 
further claim against the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of any unpaid amount; 
(ii) 
acknowledges and agrees that the limited recourse nature of the obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bonds or any Transaction Documents 
produces the effect of a contratto aleatorio and accepts the consequences thereof, 
including but not limited to the provision of Article 1469 of the Italian Civil Code and 
will have an existing claim against the Covered Bond Guarantor only in respect of the 
Available Funds which may be applied for the relevant purpose as at the relevant date 
and will not have any claim, by operation of law or otherwise, against, or recourse to, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s assets (other than the Portfolio and the Available 
Funds) or its contributed equity capital or any other assets of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor whatsoever; 
(iii) 
acknowledges and agrees that all payments to be made by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to it, whether under any Transaction Document or otherwise, will be made 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor solely from the Available Funds, except as permitted 
in the Transaction Documents;  
(iv) 
acknowledges that it will not have any claim, by operation of law or otherwise, 
against, or recourse to, any assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor other than the 
Portfolio and the Available Funds;

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
(v) 
undertakes not to enforce any covenants, agreements, representations or warranties of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor contained in any of the Transaction Documents or any 
other document related thereto against the Covered Bond Guarantor’s assets (other 
than the Portfolio and the Available Funds) or its contributed equity capital or against 
any quotaholder, director, auditor or agent of the Covered Bond Guarantor, but to 
enforce such covenants, agreements, representations and warranties only against the 
Portfolio and the Available Funds and within the limits set forth in this Condition and 
in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(vi) 
undertakes to enforce any judgment obtained by it in any action brought under any of 
the Transaction Documents or any other document relating thereto only against the 
Portfolio and the Available Funds and not against any other assets or property or the 
contributed equity capital of the Covered Bond Guarantor or of any quotaholder, 
director, employee, officer, auditor or agent of the Covered Bond Guarantor;  
(vii) 
undertakes not to make any claim or bring any action in contravention of the 
provisions of this Condition 17; and 
(viii) 
undertakes not to permit the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay, prepay or discharge any 
amount to it other than in accordance with this Condition 17. 
(b) 
Non Petition: In consideration of the limited recourse nature of the obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the other provisions set out in these Conditions and the 
Intercreditor Agreement, each of the Covered Bondholders undertakes and agrees 
that, until two years and one day have elapsed since the full repayment or cancellation 
of all the Covered Bonds, it will not institute against, or join any other person in 
instituting against, the Covered Bond Guarantor any Insolvency Proceedings or 
reorganisation or winding up proceedings. 
19 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli: Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long 
as the Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been 
duly given if given through the systems of Monte Titoli. 
(b) 
Notices through Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Any notice regarding the Covered 
Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be deemed to have been duly given if 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or, if 
required, of the CSSF and, in any event, if published in accordance with the rules and 
regulation of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
(c) 
Other publication: The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty 
to sanction any other method of giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its 
opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market practice then 
prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, stock exchange and/or listing 
system by which the Covered Bonds are then admitted to trading (including any 
means provided for under Article 16 of Luxembourg law implementing the 
Prospectus Directive, dated 04 November 2003) and provided that notice of such 
other method is given to the holders of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall require. 
20 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all 
United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese 
Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: These Covered Bonds, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds, are governed by Italian law. All 
Italian Law Transaction Documents, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Italian Law Transaction Documents, are governed by 
Italian law and all English Law Transaction Documents, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the English Law Transaction 
Documents, are governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any 
dispute that may arise in relation to the Covered Bonds and all Italian Law 
Transaction Documents, or their validity, interpretation or performance. The courts of 
England and Wales have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that 
may arise in relation to the English Law Transaction Documents or their validity, 
interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation: Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be 
governed by the provisions of Law 130, the BoI OBG Regulations and the Article 129 
of the CRR.

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme by the Issuer is created concurrently with 
the issue and subscription of the Covered Bonds of each such Series or Tranche and is 
governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the Rules). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all 
the Covered Bonds. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
Block Voting Instruction means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the 
Paying Agent or by a Registrar, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in case of Covered Bond issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that 
specified Covered Bonds are held to the order of the Paying Agent or under 
its control and have been blocked in an account with a clearing system and 
will not be released until a the earlier of: 
 (i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
 (ii) 
the surrender to the Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the 
time fixed for its resumption) of confirmation that the Covered Bonds 
are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the release thereof by 
the Paying Agent to the Issuer and Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, certifying that specified 
Covered Bonds have been blocked with the Registrar and will not be released 
until the conclusion of the Meeting 
(c) 
certifying that the Holder, or the registered Holder in case of Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form, of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly 
authorised person on its behalf has notified the Paying Agent or the Registrar 
that the votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular 
way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 
48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be 
amended or revoked; 
(d) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, 
distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been given 
to vote for, and against, each resolution; and 
(e) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions;

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
Blocked Covered Bonds means (i) Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an 
account with a clearing system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the 
control of the Paying Agent, or (ii) in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered 
form, such Covered Bonds which have been blocked with the Registrar, for the 
purpose of obtaining from the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Registrar a Block 
Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate on terms that they will not be released until 
after the conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting Instruction 
or Voting Certificate is required; 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in 
accordance with Article 6 (Chairman of the Meeting). 
Currency Swap Rate means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the exchange rate specified in the respective currency hedging 
agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or, 
if the respective currency hedging agreement has terminated or is not in place, the 
applicable exchange rate provided by the Servicer; 
Event of Default means an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default; 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened 
and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of 
not less than three quarters of the votes cast; 
German Paying Agent means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying 
agent in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the 
Programme; 
Holder means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered 
Bonds and, in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the ultimate 
registered owner of such Covered Bonds issued in registered form, as set out in the 
Register; 
Liabilities means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, 
actions or demands; 
Meeting means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or 
resumed following an adjournment); 
Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as 
intermediari aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quater of the Financial Law and 
includes any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System; 
Ordinary Resolution means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more 
than 50% of the votes cast; 
Programme Resolution means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series or Tranche, duly convened and held 
in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules to direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to Condition 12(e)(iii) 
(Effect of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice – Enforcement) or other 
similar Condition with reference to Covered Bonds issued in registered form;

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
Proxy means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a 
person appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the 
Paying Agent or the Registrar has been notified in writing of such revocation 
by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; 
and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want 
of a quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it 
is resumed; 
Register means any register held by the Registrar for the purpose of recording 
payments and assignments of Covered Bonds issued in registered form; 
Registrar means any institution in which may be appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer to act as a registrar in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form 
under the Programme, provided that if the Issuer will keep the register and will not 
delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference 
to the Issuer; 
Resolutions means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, 
collectively; 
Transaction Party means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document; 
Voter means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting 
Certificate, the bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Paying Agent, a Registrar 
or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction; 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting: 
(a) 
a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with 
Regulation 13 August 2018; or 
(b) 
a certificate issued by the Paying Agent or by a Registrar stating: 
(i) 
that Blocked Covered Bonds will not be released until the earlier of: 
(A) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the 
Meeting; and 
(B) 
the surrender of such certificate to the Paying Agent or to the 
Registrar; and 
(ii) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such 
Meeting in respect of such Blocked Covered Bonds. 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or 
more persons holding or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds, whether contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Covered Bondholders; 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are 
open for business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in 
the place where the Paying Agent has its specified office or, in case of Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form, the Registrar has its specified office; and 
48 hours means two consecutive periods of 24 hours.

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, 
words and expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the 
construction ascribed to them in the relevant Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an Article shall, except where expressly provided to 
the contrary, be a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders; 
2.2.2 
a successor of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or 
successor in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights 
and obligations of such party under any Transaction Document or to which, 
under such laws, such rights and obligations have been transferred; and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its 
and any subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their 
respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall 
form a separate Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise 
determine, the provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) to 24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 
28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 35 
(Powers to Act on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. 
However, for the purposes of this Article 2.3: 
2.3.1 
under Articles 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 26 
(Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); and 
2.3.2 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, under Articles 3 (Purpose 
of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) to 23 (Meetings and 
Separate Series) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to act on Behalf of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of 
such Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a 
single Series and, in such Articles, the expressions Covered Bonds and Covered 
Bondholders shall be construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the 
exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any 
action necessary or desirable to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the 
Issuer may convene separate or combined Meetings of the Covered Bondholders at 
any time and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be obliged to do so 
upon the request in writing by Covered Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the 
Issuer or (in relation to a meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series may at any time, and the Issuer shall upon a 
request in writing signed by the holders of not less than one-tenth of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, 
convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders and, if the Issuer makes default for a 
period of seven days in convening such a meeting, the same may be convened by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the subject making the request. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of these Rules shall apply 
thereto mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice 
in writing to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed 
day, time and place of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, provided that each Meeting may be 
held also by linking various venues in different locations by audio/video conferencing 
facilities, subject to the following conditions: 
(a) 
that the Chairman of the Meeting is able to be certain as to the identity of 
those taking part, control how the Meeting proceeds, and determine and 
announce the results of voting; 
(b) 
that those taking part are able to participate in discussions and voting on the 
items on the agenda simultaneously, as well as to view, receive, and transmit 
documents. 
The Meeting held by audio/video conferencing will be deemed to have taken place at 
the venue at which the Chairman is present. 
5. 
NOTICE 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of (i) the day on which notice is delivered and (ii) 
the day on which the relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and 
place of the Meeting, as well as, if necessary, venues connected by audio or video 
conferencing that may be used by those involved, must be given to the relevant 
Covered Bondholders, the Registrar and the Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer. 
5.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting, 
unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall 
instead specify the nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall 
state that the Voting Certificate for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained 
from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 
13 August 2018 and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates or 
appointing Proxies under a Block Voting Instruction, Covered Bondholders must (to 
the satisfaction of the Paying Agent) be held to the order of or placed under the 
control of the Paying Agent or blocked in an account with a clearing system not later 
than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
With reference to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the notice shall set out 
the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of 
the resolution without including the full text and shall state that Covered Bond issued 
in registered form, may be blocked with the Registrar, or with other entity authorised 
to do so by the Registrar, for the purposes of appointing Proxies under Block Voting 
Instructions until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting and that holders of 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form, may also appoint Proxies either under a 
Block Voting Instruction by delivering written instructions to the Registrar or the 
German Paying Agent or by executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or the German Paying Agent, in either case until 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 5 are 
not complied with if all the Holders of the Covered Bonds which are entitled to attend 
and vote (representing the entirety of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds) are represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders are present. 
6. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
6.1.1 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
6.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes 
after the time fixed for the Meeting,

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters 
present, failing which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an 
adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was Chairman at the original 
Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly 
constituted, manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of 
proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically 
invited to assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who 
are not required to be Covered Bondholders. 
7. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
7.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at 
any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least 
25 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or 
representing Covered Bondholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
7.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (including the 
Issuer if at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) (subject as provided 
below), one or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding 
or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered 
Bondholders of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding, whatever the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
7.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than 
in relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 
31 (Waiver), only be capable of being effected after having been approved by 
Extraordinary Resolution), namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification 
of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to 
be made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
except in accordance with Articles 30 (Amendments And Modifications) and 
32 (Waiver), the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the 
exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the 
conversion of such Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or 
securities of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor or any other person or 
body corporate, formed or to be formed; and

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
(e) 
alteration of this Article 7.1.3; 
(each a Series Reserved Matter), the quorum shall be one or more persons (including the 
Issuer if at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) being or representing holders 
of not less than two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more 
persons being or representing not less than one-third of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding. 
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
8.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 
minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present: 
8.1.1 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the 
Meeting shall be dissolved; and 
8.1.2 
in any other case, the Meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the 
next week (or if such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business 
day) at the same time and place (except in the case of a meeting at which an 
Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it shall stand 
adjourned for such period, being not less than 13 clear days nor more than 42 
clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at 
or subsequent to such meeting and approved by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders). 
8.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman 
may decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not 
present for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without 
prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the 
Chairman may either (with the approval of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same for such period, being not 
less than 13 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such 
place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such adjourned 
meeting and approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
9. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 8 (Adjournment for want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with 
the prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such 
Meeting to another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting 
except business which might have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment 
took place. 
10. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
10.1 
Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after 
adjournment for lack of a quorum except that: 
10.1.1 10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of 
the day on which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
10.1.2 the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply 
when the Meeting resumes.

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
10.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not 
be necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other 
than those described in Article 8 (Adjournment for want of Quorum). 
11. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
11.1 
Voters; 
11.2 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
11.3 
representatives of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Paying Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
11.4 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders; 
11.5 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; and 
11.6 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
12. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
12.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by 
requesting its Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with 
Regulation 13 August 2018. 
12.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain from the Paying Agent or require the Paying 
Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for such Covered Bonds to be 
(to the satisfaction of the Paying Agent) held to its order or under its control or 
blocked in an account in the Relevant Clearing System (other than Monte Titoli) not 
later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
12.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the 
Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
12.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the named therein 
as Holder or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli 
Account Holder), the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by the 
Paying Agent), and any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting 
Instruction issued by the Paying Agent) shall be deemed to be the Holder of the 
Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting to 
which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
12.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding 
simultaneously in respect of the same Covered Bonds. 
12.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in 
accordance with the usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any 
Relevant Clearing System. 
12.7 
Any registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction 
by arranging (to the satisfaction of the Registrar) for the related Covered Bonds issued 
in registered form to be blocked with the Registrar not later than 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the relevant Meeting. The registered Holder may require the Registrar

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
to issue a Block Voting Instruction by delivering to the Registrar written instructions 
not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. Any registered 
Holder may obtain an uncompleted and unexecuted Form of Proxy from the Registrar. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Bonds to 
which it relates. A Form of Proxy and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be 
outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Bond. 
13. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
13.1 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of 
the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, or at any other place approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for 
the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not 
deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the Chairman decides 
otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction 
and satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting 
Instruction or of each Holders or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate shall be 
produced at the Meeting but the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not 
be obliged to investigate the validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder of the Covered Bonds named in 
a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction or the identity of any Holder named 
in a Voting Certificate. 
14. 
VOTING BY POLL 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided by poll. The Chairman sets 
the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and 
may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in 
compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After 
voting ends, the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall 
announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. The result of a poll shall be deemed 
to be the resolution of the Meeting as at the date of the taking of the poll. 
15. 
VOTES 
15.1 
Voting 
15.1.1 On a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of 
each €1.00 or such other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may in its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of 
Covered Bonds denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency 
as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion may 
stipulate). 
15.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise 
in the case of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which 
such Voter is entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way. 
15.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been 
rejected.

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
16. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
16.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or 
Voting Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting 
Instruction or Voting Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been 
given had been amended or revoked provided that none of the Issuer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Registrar or the Chairman has been 
notified in writing of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time 
set for the relevant Meeting. 
16.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a 
Voting Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any 
resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment save that no such appointment 
of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for 
want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. 
Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block 
Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
17. 
RESOLUTIONS 
17.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the 
following powers exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
17.1.1 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these 
Rules or of the Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary 
Resolution or required to be the subject of a resolution or determined by a 
Meeting and not required to be the subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; 
and 
17.1.2 to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other 
person to execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to 
any Ordinary Resolution. 
17.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have 
power exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
17.2.1 sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the 
Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any of them; 
17.2.2 approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of 
(a) the rights of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or any of them, 
whether such rights arise under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and 
(b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any Transaction Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or any other party 
thereto;

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
17.2.3 assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction 
Documents which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or of any Covered 
Bondholder which are not of a minor or technical nature or which are aimed 
at correcting a manifest error; 
17.2.4 in accordance with Article 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), 
appoint and remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
17.2.5 subject to the provisions set forth under the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents or upon request of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
issue an Article 74 Notice to Pay as a result of an Article 74 Event pursuant to 
Condition 12(a) (Article 74 Event), a Notice to Pay as a result of an Issuer 
Event of Default pursuant to Condition 12(c) (Issuer Events of Default) or a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice as a result of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 12(d) (Covered Bond 
Guarantor Events of Default); 
17.2.6 discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders from any liability in relation to 
any act or omission for which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the 
Conditions or any other Transaction Document; 
17.2.7 authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and 
any other Transaction Document; 
17.2.8 waive any breach or authorise any proposed breached by the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor or any other party of its obligations under or in 
respect of these Rules, or waive the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or a breach of test, and direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to suspend the delivery of the 
relevant Article 74 Notice to pay, Notice to Pay or Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice; 
17.2.9 to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee 
to represent the interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any 
such committee any powers which the Covered Bondholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
17.2.10 authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person 
to execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
17.2.11 in case of failure by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to send 
an Article 74 Notice to Pay, a Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice, direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
deliver an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay as a result of an Article 
74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to Condition 12 (Article 74 
Event and Events of Default), or a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice as a result of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 12(d) (Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default).

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
17.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to Condition 12(e)(iii) 
(Effect of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice- Enforcement). 
17.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution, other than a Programme 
Resolution, that is passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be 
effective in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an 
Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders 
of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series. 
18. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 17.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a 
Meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
these Rules shall be binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not present at 
such Meeting and/or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the 
Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the meeting and/or not voting. 
18.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered 
Bondholders shall be published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the 
Conditions and given to the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Registrar and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
19. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which 
are not passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
20. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in 
books provided by the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman 
and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the 
contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the 
Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed 
or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
21. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect 
of matters required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary 
Resolution. 
22. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Clauses 4 (Exercise 
of Rights and Subrogation) and 11 (Limited Recourse) of the Covered Bond Guarantee and 
Clause 11 (Limited Recourse and Non Petition) of the Intercreditor Agreement and,

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions or using 
other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds and the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting not passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution objecting to such individual action or other remedy on the grounds 
that it is not consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following provisions shall 
apply: 
22.1 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds 
will notify the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her intention; 
22.2 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in 
accordance with these Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 23.1 
(Choice of Meeting): 
22.3 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to the enforcement of the 
individual action or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will be prevented from taking 
such action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that after a reasonable period of 
time, the same matter may be resubmitted for review of another Meeting); and 
22.4 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not object to an individual action or 
remedy, the Covered Bondholder will not be prohibited from taking such individual 
action or remedy. 
23. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
23.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of 
more than one Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect 
subject to the following modifications: 
23.1.1 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to 
have been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of that Series; 
23.1.2 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not 
give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any 
of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at 
a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series so 
affected; 
23.1.3 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or 
may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of one Series or group of Series so affected and the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected; 
23.1.4 a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if 
passed at a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
23.1.5 to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis 
mutandis apply as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered 
Bondholders were references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of

--- Page 362 ---
362 
 
Series in question or to the holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may 
be. 
23.2 
Denominations other than euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not 
denominated in euro in the case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written 
Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more than one currency (whether in 
respect of the meeting or any adjourned such Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom 
or any such request or written resolution) the Outstanding Principal Balance of such 
Covered Bonds shall be the Euro Equivalent of the Currency Swap Rate. In such 
circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have one vote for each €1.00 (or 
such other euro amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its 
absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
24. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations 
regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of 
a Written Resolution as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion 
may decide.

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
25. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
25.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 25, except for the appointment of KPMG Fides Servizi di 
Amministrazione S.p.A. as first Representative of the Covered Bondholders which 
will be appointed under the Dealer Agreement. 
25.2 
Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
25.2.1 a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank 
incorporated in any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
25.2.2 a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Law (as amended from time to 
time); or 
25.2.3 any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set 
out in Article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically 
removed, provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be 
entitled in any circumstance to act also as Calculation Agent in the context of the 
Programme and/or in any other role as advisor to the Issuer and/or any other entity 
belonging to Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
25.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary 
Resolutions) or resigns pursuant to Article 26 (Resignation of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment or 
cancellation of all the Series of Covered Bonds. 
25.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office 
until the substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an 
entity specified in Article 25.2 (Identity of Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated 
shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by the substitute, be limited to those 
necessary to perform the essential functions required in connection with the Covered 
Bonds. 
25.5 
Remuneration

--- Page 364 ---
364 
 
The Issuer and, following an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default and 
delivery of a Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor, shall pay to 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders an annual fee for its services as 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders from the First Issue Date, as agreed in the 
Dealer Agreement or in a separate fee letter, as the case may be. Such fees shall 
accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the Priority of 
Payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when 
the Covered Bonds shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions. In case of failure by the Issuer to pay the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders the fee for its services, the same will be paid by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. 
26. 
RESIGNATION OF THE 
REPRESENTATIVE OF 
THE 
COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least 
twelve calendar months’ written notice to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, without 
needing to provide any specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for 
any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 25.1 (Appointment) and such new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted its appointment, provided that if 
Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 
twelve months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which 
is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 25.2 (Identity of Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders). 
27. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
27.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights 
conferred on it by the Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
27.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered 
Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right to 
convene and attend Meetings to propose any course of action which it considers from 
time to time necessary or desirable. 
27.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, 
discretions and authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
27.3.1 act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
27.3.2 whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders, whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
person or persons or fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the 
powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 27.3.1 may be made upon such conditions 
and subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the 
Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not, 
other than in the normal course of its business, be bound to supervise the acts or 
proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent 
be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or default 
on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such 
delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
give notice to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor of the appointment of any 
delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall 
procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
27.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any 
Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
27.5 
Consents given by Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
under these Rules and any other Transaction Document may be given on such terms 
and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval 
may be given retrospectively. 
27.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any 
right, power and discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
by these Rules or by operation of law. 
27.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or 
Meetings in order to obtain the Covered Bondholders’ instructions as to how it should 
act. Without prejudice to the provisions set forth under Article 32 (Indemnity), prior to 
undertaking any action, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be 
entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with 
security as specified in Article 28.2 (Specific limitations). 
27.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a 
default in the performance by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor of any

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other 
Transaction Documents may be remedied, and if the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of being 
remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor and any 
other party to the Transaction Documents. 
28. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or 
responsibilities in addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction 
Documents. 
28.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 28.1, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders: 
28.2.1 shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an 
Article 74 Event, an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which 
would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction 
Document, has occurred and, until the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall 
be entitled to assume that no Article 74 Event, Issuer Event of Default or a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, condition or 
act has occurred; 
28.2.2 shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor or any other parties 
of their obligations contained in these Rules, the Transaction Documents or 
the Conditions and save in case of gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful 
default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, until it shall 
have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents 
are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations; 
28.2.3 except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, 
shall not be under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities 
in performance of the provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction 
Document; 
28.2.4 shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, 
adequacy, suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction 
Document, or of any other document or any obligation or rights created or 
purported to be created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, and 
(without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any 
responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of or 
in any way be liable whatsoever for:

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, 
search, report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or 
obtained or required to be delivered or obtained at any time in 
connection herewith; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure 
operated by the Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to obtain or comply with 
any licence, consent or other authorisation in connection with the 
purchase or administration of the assets contained in the Portfolio; 
and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Servicer and the Paying Agent or any 
other person in respect of the Portfolio or the Covered Bonds; 
28.2.5 shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the 
proceeds of the issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such 
proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
28.2.6 shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the 
Covered Bonds by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
28.2.7 shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of 
any recital, statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other 
than the Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in 
any Transaction Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating 
thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or 
admissibility in evidence thereof; 
28.2.8 shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or 
procuring registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these 
Rules or any Transaction Document; 
28.2.9 shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for 
any defect or failure in the right or title of the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
relation to the assets contained in the Portfolio or any part thereof, whether 
such defect or failure was known to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or 
whether capable of being remedied or not; 
28.2.10 shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the 
Eligible Assets and Integration Assets contained in the Portfolio or any part 
thereof; 
28.2.11 shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to 
the Portfolio or any part thereof provided by any person; 
28.2.12 shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or 
damage arising from the realisation of the Portfolio or any part thereof;

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
28.2.13 shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for 
making or verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the 
Covered Bonds, the Portfolio or any Transaction Document; 
28.2.14 shall not be under any obligation to insure the Portfolio or any part thereof; 
28.2.15 shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in 
connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to 
have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the 
overall interests of the Covered Bondholders of each Series as a class of 
persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their 
number and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Covered Bondholders (whatever 
their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident 
in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or taxing authority; 
28.2.16 shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or 
discretions, it is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, 
exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of 
such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written 
resolution of such Covered Bondholders of not less than 25 per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series 
then outstanding; 
28.2.17 shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it 
by the Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have 
regard to the interests of (i) all the Secured Creditors (except where expressly 
provided otherwise), and (ii) if, in its sole opinion, there is or may be a 
conflict between the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and 
the interests of any other Secured Creditor (or any combination of them) to 
the interest of: (A) the Covered Bondholders; and (B) subject to (A) above, 
the Secured Creditor to whom any amounts are owed appearing highest in the 
relevant Priority of Payments.  
28.2.18 may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority 
or discretion vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or 
any other agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein 
contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction 
against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands which might be 
brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or 
sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the 
other Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial 
liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, 
authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment 
of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or 
liability is not reasonably assured; and 
28.2.19 shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities which may result from 
anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of 
these Rules or the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
28.3 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer or Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no 
Covered Bonds are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. 
28.4 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to do anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or 
regulations or to expend monies or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of 
its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, 
in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive 
of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be 
reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified against any loss 
or Liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such action. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to 
comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
29. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
29.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of, a certificate 
or opinion of, or any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, 
banker, broker, credit or rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or 
otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss incurred by so acting. Any such opinion, 
advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail 
or fax transmission and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be 
liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information purporting to be so 
conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic, save in case of 
gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
29.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to 
accept as sufficient evidence: 
29.2.1 as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor’s knowledge, a certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or 
(as the case may be) the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
29.2.2 that such is the case, if a certificate of a director of the Issuer or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (as the case may be) states that any particular dealing, 
transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such 
case to call for further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as 
a result of acting on such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the 
administration of these Rules shall have actual knowledge or express notice of the 
untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
29.3 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting 
upon any resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at 
any Meeting in respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of 
the requisite percentage of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be 
found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of 
the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any 
Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon the Covered 
Bondholders. 
29.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of 
the Covered Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli 
Account Holder in accordance with Regulation 13 August 2018, which certificates are 
to be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
29.5 
Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to 
rely on as sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or 
confirmation certified as true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing 
system or Registrar, as the case may be, as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing 
system or Registrar, as the case may be, to the effect that at any particular time or 
throughout any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its 
records as entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
29.6 
Certificates of parties to Transaction Documents 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or 
require the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor to call for and to rely on written 
certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor) 
to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction Document: 
29.6.1 in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is 
expressly provided for under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
29.6.2 as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
29.6.3 as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek 
additional evidence in respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall 
not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so 
unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness 
of the matter contained in the certificate. 
29.7 
Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to assume, for the 
purposes of exercising any power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to 
these Rules that such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
holders of Covered Bonds of any Series or of all Series for the time being outstanding 
if the Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds 
of any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be adversely 
affected by such exercise, or has otherwise given its consent or has confirmed that it

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
has no further comments with regard to the proposed action. If the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, in order properly to exercise its rights or fulfil its 
obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a 
specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which will then 
obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may seek and obtain 
such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
29.8 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for 
reviewing or investigating any auditors’ report or certificate and may rely on the 
contents of any such report or certificate. 
30. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
30.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may from time to time and without 
the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification 
(and for this purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard 
whether any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter (as defined under 
Article 7 (Quorum)) as follows: 
30.1.1 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may be 
expedient to make provided that the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series; 
and 
30.1.2 to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or, which in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders is to correct a manifest error or an 
error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
30.2 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if 
any) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be 
binding upon the Covered Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
30.3 
In establishing whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders considers reasonable to rely on, and may, but shall not be 
obliged to, have regard to all or any of the following: 
30.3.1 a certificate from a Relevant Dealer, stating the intention of the parties to the 
relevant Transaction Document, confirming nothing has been said to, or by, 
investors or any other parties which is in any way inconsistent with such 
stated intention and stating the modification to the relevant Transaction 
Document that is required to reflect such intention;

--- Page 372 ---
372 
 
30.3.2 confirmation from the Rating Agency that, after giving effect to such 
modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit 
ratings as those assigned to them immediately prior to the modification or that 
the Rating Agency has confirmed it has no further comments with regard to 
the proposed amendment. 
30.4 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the 
Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor and any other party in making any of the 
above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or 
and if it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which 
it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
31. 
WAIVER 
31.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to 
time in its sole direction, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent 
breach, condition, event or act, but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding shall not be materially 
prejudiced thereby: 
31.1.1 authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it 
may decide, any proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or 
provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee or any of the obligations 
of or rights against the Covered Bond Guarantor under any other Transaction 
Documents; or 
31.1.2 determine that any Event of Default or Article 74 Event shall not be treated as 
such for the purposes of the Transaction Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders. 
31.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 31.1 (Waiver of 
Breach) shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders. 
31.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers 
conferred upon it by this Article 31 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding 
or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per cent 
in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (in the case of any 
such determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single 
Series as aforesaid), and at all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured 
to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or 
which it may incur by so doing but so that no such direction or request: 
31.3.1 shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or 
made or 
31.3.2 all authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series 
Reserved Matter (as defined under Article 7 (Quorum)) unless holders of 
Covered Bonds of each Series has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised 
its exercise.

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
31.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer 
shall cause any such authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the 
Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has 
been given or made in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
32. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, 
pay or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already 
reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, 
charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and 
properly incurred by or made against the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
including but not limited to legal expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary 
and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against 
the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered 
Bonds or the Transaction Documents. 
33. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in 
connection with the Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except in 
relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo).

--- Page 374 ---
374 
 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF 
A COVERED BOND GUARANTOR ACCELERATION NOTICE 
34. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED BOND GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice or, prior to service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, following the 
failure of the Covered Bond Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to 
the Intercreditor Agreement the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as 
legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in 
the interests of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil 
Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the Portfolio. Therefore, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor 
Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor and as 
mandatario in rem propriam of the Covered Bond Guarantor, any and all of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor’s Rights under certain Transaction Documents, including the right to give 
directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents.

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
35. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with these 
Rules, are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of 
Italy. 
36. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have exclusive jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these 
Rules.

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered 
Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended EU MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 (as amended, EU IDD), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, EU MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[s’/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[s’/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, UK MiFIR); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [ISIN/ issue date of earlier Tranche] 
Covered Bonds due [Maturity] 
Guaranteed by 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. 
under the €[35,000,000,000] Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) 
Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 12 
December 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the prospectus dated [⚫]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, the Prospectus Regulation). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Covered 
Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds 
described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, including the supplement[s]] 
[is/are] available for viewing at (www.intesasanpaolo.com) [and] during normal business 
hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. [These Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 10 January 
2024, which is incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 12 December 2024. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and superseded (the Prospectus 
Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 December 
2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the

--- Page 378 ---
378 
 
Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] and are 
attached hereto. Full information on the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the offer of 
the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus[, including 
the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal business 
hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]).] [These Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com]]  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for 
individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final 
Terms.) 
(When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and form 
a single Series 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [provide issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of 
earlier Tranches] on the Issue Date][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[⚫] 
(i) 
Series: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Covered Bonds become fungible). 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫] [plus integral multiples of [⚫] in addition 
to the said sum of [⚫]] (as referred to under 
Condition 3) (Include the wording in square 
brackets where the Specified Denomination is 
€100,000 or equivalent plus multiples of a 
lower principal amount.) 
[The minimum denomination of Covered 
Bonds admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area 
in 
circumstances 
which 
require 
the 
publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, 
if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount of such currency).] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year.] 
8. 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
of 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding 
to Final Redemption Amount under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
[Not applicable / Specify date or (for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds) CB Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] (as referred to under 
Condition 9(b)) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [Margin] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero 
Coupon] 
(as 
referred 
to 
under 
Condition 7) 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount (as referred to 
under Condition 9(a)) 
 
[Partly-Paid] (as referred to under Condition 
8) 
 
[Instalment] (as referred to under Condition 
9(i)) 
11. 
Change of Interest: 
([Change of interest rate may be applicable in 
case an Extended Maturity Date is specified 
as 
applicable, 
as 
provided 
for 
under 
Condition 9(b)]/[Not Applicable]) 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Investor Put] (as referred to under Condition 
9(f)) 
 
[Issuer Call] (as referred to under Condition 
9(d)) 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds [and Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee] 
[respectively]] 
obtained: 
[⚫] [and [⚫], respectively]

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Covered Bonds or related Covered 
Bond Guarantee)] 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to 
under Condition 5) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/ot
her (specify)] in arrears] 
(ii) 
CB Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ FRN Convention]/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
CB Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (Fixed rate) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
30/360 (Floating Rate) 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to 
under Condition 6) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
CB Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[⚫] 
 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
CB Payment Dates, will only be relevant if

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
CB Payment Dates: 
[⚫] 
 
(Specified Period and Specified CB Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention, 
insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iv) 
First CB Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(vi) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s) 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Paying 
Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
Reference Rate: 
[For example, EURIBOR] 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters / EURIBOR 01] 
Relevant Time: 
[For 
example, 
11.00 
a.m. 
London 
time/Brussels time] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum

--- Page 382 ---
382 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (Fixed rate) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
30/360 (Floating Rate) 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to 
under Condition 7) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation/Accrual Yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
[Consider whether it is necessary to specify a 
Day Count Fraction for the purposes of 
Condition 9(h) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds)]/[Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to 
under Condition 9(d)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
Covered 
Bonds: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to 
under Condition 9(f)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 383 ---
383 
 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bonds: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
20. 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
Covered Bonds 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount (as referred to 
under Condition 9) 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] per Calculation Amount] 
(as referred to under Condition 9) 
Early redemption amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default or 
other early redemption: 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates) 
23. 
Details relating to Covered Bonds 
issued on a partly paid basis: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue 
Price and date on which each 
payment 
is 
to 
be 
made 
and 
consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer 
to forfeit the Covered Bonds and 
interest due on late payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
DISTRIBUTION 
24. 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/Compliant with Regulation 
S under U.S. Securities Act of 1933.] 
25. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not

--- Page 384 ---
384 
 
constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Covered Bonds do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document 
will 
be 
prepared in the 
EEA, 
"Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
26. Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Covered Bonds do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document 
will be prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information in respect of the Covered Bonds) has been sourced from 
(specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
By: 
 _________________________  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. 
 
By: 
 _________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official list of [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[specify 
other 
stock 
exchange]/[Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [is expected to be/has been] 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[specify 
other regulated market] with effect from 
[⚫]]/[Not applicable]. 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, 
need to indicate that original Covered 
Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATING 
 
Rating: 
[Not applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to 
be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated: 
 
[Moody’s: [⚫]] 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]] 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of 
the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating)] 
 Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the EU CRA Regulation). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA 
website

--- Page 386 ---
386 
 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit 
rating 
agency], 
which 
is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the UK CRA Regulation).] /[[ Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given 
to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
but 
has 
applied 
for 
registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the EU 
CRA Regulation), although notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration 
decision has not yet been provided by 
the 
[relevant 
competent 
authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of

--- Page 387 ---
387 
 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit 
rating 
agency], 
which 
is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
((as 
amended, 
by 
the 
European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the 
UK CRA Regulation).] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
has 
been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the 
UK CRA Regulation).] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the 
UK CRA Regulation) and the rating it 
has given to the Covered Bonds is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
and 
not 
applied 
for 
registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit

--- Page 388 ---
388 
 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA 
Regulation). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit 
rating 
agency], 
which 
is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the UK CRA Regulation (UK)).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the UK CRA Regulation) and the 
rating it has given to the Covered Bonds 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit

--- Page 389 ---
389 
 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the UK CRA Regulation). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in 
the 
EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the EU CRA Regulation).] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
EU CRA Regulation).] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the UK CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given 
to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the 
EEA or the UK but relevant rating is 
endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
not established in the EEA or the UK but 
the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds 
to 
be 
issued 
under 
the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009,

--- Page 390 ---
390 
 
as amended (the EU CRA Regulation)] 
[and/or] [[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation)]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the 
EEA or the UK and relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
not established in the EEA or the UK but 
is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA 
Regulation)] [and/or] [Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation)]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in 
the EEA or the UK nor certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
not established in the EEA or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
EU CRA Regulation) or Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given 
to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in 
either the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and

--- Page 391 ---
391 
 
registered 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation.”] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: “The Issuer 
and [⚫] have a conflict of interest with respect to the Covered Bondholders, as 
[⚫].”) 
“Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Managers]], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the 
offer.”. 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether 
such matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently 
trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.)” 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i)     Use of proceeds: 
[⚫]] 
[(ii)    Estimated net amount of 
proceeds: 
[(iii)  Estimated expenses in relation 
to the admission to trading 
[⚫]]  
 
[⚫] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from Reuters] 
[Benchmark 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds 
will be calculated by reference to [⚫] which 
is provided by [⚫]. As at [⚫], [⚫] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011) (the BMR).  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[●] does/do 
not fall within the scope of the BMR by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] / [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
BMR apply], such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain recognition, endorsement

--- Page 392 ---
392 
 
or equivalence).] 
(Note that the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the BMR applies only in respect 
of benchmark administrators located outside 
the EU since 31 December 2021)] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
Common Code: 
[⚫] (if available) 
CFI: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] as published on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN. 
FISN: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] as published on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN. 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) 
and 
number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and Specified Offices of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will 
be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.)

--- Page 393 ---
393 
 
MAIN FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (GEDECKTE 
NAMENSSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
Under the Programme the Issuer may issue Registered Covered Bonds (Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibungen), each issued with a minimum denomination indicated in the 
applicable Registered Covered Bond Conditions. The Registered Covered Bonds will not be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will not be settled through a clearing 
system.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or by whatever law chosen by the Issuer (to be supplemented with the specific 
provisions required under German law in order for the Registered Covered Bonds to be a 
German law registered note (Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung)) provided that, in any 
case, certain provisions, including those applicable to the Issuer and the Portfolio and those 
applicable to the status, limited recourse and the guarantee of the Registered Covered Bonds, 
shall be confirmed to be governed by Italian law.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the terms of 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Registered Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves and, save for any applicable statutory provisions, at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and un-subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
In accordance with Law 130, MEF Decree (to the extent applicable), CRR and the BoI OBG 
Regulations, the terms and conditions of each Series of Registered Covered Bonds together 
with the Transaction Documents, the Registered Covered Bondholders will have (i) recourse 
to the Issuer and (ii) limited recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor limited to the Available 
Funds.  
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form 
from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds set out in this Base Prospectus. Such legal documentation will include 
the relevant Registered Covered Bond certificate, the Registered Covered Bond Conditions, 
the Registered Covered Bond assignment agreement, any other ancillary documents and/or 
agreements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a different 
or additional set of documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific 
issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
The full terms and conditions applicable to each Series of Registered Covered Bonds will be 
the relevant Registered Covered Bond Certificate, the Registered Covered Bond Conditions 
attached thereto and any other related agreements. 
In connection with each Registered Covered Bond, each reference in the Base Prospectus to 
information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the Registered Covered 
Bond Certificate, the Registered Covered Bond Conditions attached thereto or any other 
document expressed to govern such Registered Covered Bond and, as applicable, each other 
reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to 
such Registered Covered Bond, the Registered Covered Bond Conditions attached thereto or 
any other document expressed to govern such of Registered Covered Bond.

--- Page 394 ---
394 
 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds is deemed to be not effective until the transferee has 
delivered to the Registrar a duly executed copy of the Registered Covered Bond certificate 
relating to such Registered Covered Bond along with a duly executed Registered Covered 
Bond assignment agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination 
indicated in the applicable Registered Covered Bond Conditions or multiples thereof. 
In connection of Registered Covered Bonds, any references in this Base Prospectus to the 
Conditions or a particularly numbered Condition shall be construed, where relevant and unless 
specified otherwise, to include the equivalent Condition in the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions as supplemented by any other applicable document.

--- Page 395 ---
395 
 
TAXATION 
Republic of Italy 
The following is an overview of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the 
Covered Bonds. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in 
Italy as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring 
after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose 
of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be 
subject to special rules.  
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisors 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. This 
summary will not be updated to reflect changes in laws or interpretation and if such a change 
occurs the information in this summary may become invalid. 
The following summary assumes that the Issuer is resident only in Italy for tax purposes, 
without acting through a permanent establishment located outside of Italy. 
Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same 
English term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept 
expressed by using the relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept 
expressed in English terms.  
Tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (Decree 239) provides 
for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other 
income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from 
notes issued, inter alia, by Italian banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), pursuant to Article 44 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented (Decree 
No. 917). 
For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value 
with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to 
which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Taxation of Interest 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is: (a) an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, or (b) a non-commercial 
partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or 
similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or 
professional associations, or (c) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than 
companies), a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian 
State and public and territorial entities, or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate 
income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued

--- Page 396 ---
396 
 
during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as imposta 
sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent (unless the Covered Bondholder described under 
(a), (b) and (c) have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Covered 
Bonds, to an authorized intermediary and they have opted for the application of the 
"risparmio gestito" regime - see "Capital Gains Tax" below). 
Subject to certain conditions, interest, premium and other income relating to Covered Bonds 
issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that qualify as “obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni” 
received by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 
June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, 
including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements applicable under Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) or (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva 
applies as a provisional tax. Interest, premium and other income relating tothe Covered Bonds 
will be included in the relevant beneficial owner’s Italian income tax return and will be 
subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a 
deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are 
effectively connected and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
interest, premium and other income from the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s annual income tax 
return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also to regional tax on 
productive activities (IRAP)). Interest, premium and other income from the Covered Bonds 
that are not deposited with an authorised intermediary, received by the above persons is 
subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax levied as provisional tax.  
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a 
SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with 
variable capital) established in Italy (together, the Fund), and either (i) the Fund, or (ii) its 
manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Covered 
Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued 
during the holding period on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. 
The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax up to 26 per 
cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted 
into law with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), Law Decree 
No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree 
No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, payments of interest, premiums or incomes in 
respect of the Covered Bonds made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established 
pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 or pursuant to Article 
14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real estate SICAFs (Real Estate 
SICAFs) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva, nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF to the extent the Covered Bonds are 
held by an authorised intermediary. The income of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAFs

--- Page 397 ---
397 
 
is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder, depending on the status and 
percentage of participation or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon 
redemption or disposal of the units or shares. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 (Decree 
No. 252)) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding 
period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute 
tax (the Pension Fund Tax) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end 
of each year. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) 
and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Covered Bonds are included in 
a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements applicable under Italian law as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), 
stockbrokers and other entities identified by a Decree of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance (each an Intermediary) as subsequently amended and integrated.  
An Intermediary must: (a) be (i) resident in Italy or (ii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, 
acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with 
the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purposes of Decree 239 and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection 
of interest, premium and other income from the Covered Bonds or in the transfer of the 
Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of 
Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change of 
the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by any entity paying interest, premium and other income from the 
Covered Bonds to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, by the Issuer.  
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva 
applies provided that the non-Italian resident Covered Bondholder is either (a) a beneficial 
owner resident, for tax purposes, in a State or territory which allows for an adequate exchange 
of information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996 as 
amended and supplemented, and subject to possible further amendments by future decree 
issued pursuant to Article 11 paragraph 4 (c) of Decree 239 (the White List); or (b) an 
international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an “institutional investor” which is incorporated in a 
country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its 
own country of incorporation.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-resident investors must be the beneficial owners of 
payments of interest, premium or other income or qualify as certain types of institutional

--- Page 398 ---
398 
 
investors and must (a) deposit in due time, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds, the 
Receipts or the coupons with a bank or a SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator of a clearing system having appointed as 
its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy or a non-resident bank or SIM which are in contact via computer with 
the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) file with the relevant depositary, prior to or 
concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, a statement of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder, to be provided only once, until revoked or withdrawn, in which the Covered 
Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in the case 
of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, 
must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
Additional supporting documentation may sometimes be requested by the relevant depository, 
which depends on the status of the Bondholder and the policies of the relevant depository. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent., or at the reduced rate 
provided for by any applicable double tax treaty, if any, to interest, premium and other income 
paid to Covered Bondholders other than those listed above or, even if listed, which failed to 
comply with the aforementioned requirements and procedures. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by 
an Italian resident guarantor on the Covered Bonds. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders by an Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian 
tax law, any payment of liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered 
Bonds may be subject to a provisional withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent. pursuant to 
Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. In case of 
payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax may be applied at 
26 per cent. as a final tax. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain 
cases, nil) rate of withholding tax. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident 
guarantor will be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and 
will thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within category of 
bonds (obbligazioni), debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or 
securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986 may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this 
purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value 
with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to 
which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain conditions, interest in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
that do not qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni and are treated as atypical 
securities received by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered Bonds are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements applicable under Italian law as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian 
commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian 
commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding 
tax. In all other cases, including when the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the 
withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty.  
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would 
be treated as part of the taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
“status” of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP 
purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are connected) 
or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered 
Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a 
non-commercial private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Covered 
Bondholder from the sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be subject to an imposta 
sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three 
regimes described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
taxation of capital gains realised by Italian resident Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) 
above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative 
basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by investors pursuant to all 
sales  or redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax year. Italian 
Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above must indicate the overall capital gains realised in 
any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta 
sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital 
losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of 
the four following tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Covered Bondholders under (i) 
to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime provided 
for by Article 6 of the Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as a subsequently 
amended, the Decree 461). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the 
Covered Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries and (b) an express and valid election for the risparmio amministrato regime 
being punctually made in writing by the relevant Covered Bondholder. The depository is 
responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each 
sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon

--- Page 400 ---
400 
 
the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the Covered Bondholder, deducting 
a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Covered Bondholder or using 
funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds results in a capital 
loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same 
securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare 
the capital gains in the annual income tax return.  
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian resident Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) 
above who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Covered 
Bonds, to an authorised intermediary and have validly opted for the so-called risparmio 
gestito regime (regime provided by Article 7 of Decree 461) will be included in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not 
realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing 
authorised intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito 
regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual income tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. Such result will not be 
taxed with the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may 
subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period), capital gain in respect of 
Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo received by Italian resident individuals holding the 
Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if 
the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable under Italian law as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian real estate fund or a 
Real Estate SICAF to which the provisions of Decree 351, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 
2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 
2014, all as amended, as subsequently amended, apply will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate investment fund or the 
Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAFs is subject to tax, 
in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder, depending on the status and percentage of 
participation or, when earned by the fund, trough distribution and/or upon redemption or 
disposal of the units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to 
the regime provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to 
be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding 
period requirement) and limitations, capital gains in respect of Covered Bonds realized upon 
sale, transfer or redemption by Italian pension funds may be excluded from the taxable base of 
the Pension Fund Tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings

--- Page 401 ---
401 
 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
applicable under Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders, without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or 
redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian 
taxation, provided that the Covered Bonds are traded on regulated markets and, in certain 
cases, subject to the timely filing of a self-declaration form with the Italian Intermediary with 
which the Covered Bonds are deposited attesting the status of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or 
redemption of Covered Bonds not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva, provided that the Covered Bondholder: (a) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the 
capital gain and is resident in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international 
entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into 
force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is incorporated in a country 
included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own 
country of incorporation, in any case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures set 
forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in 
order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due 
time, if applicable. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Covered Bonds are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation 
treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or 
redemption of Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon 
the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident 
Issuer are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 (Decree No. 262), converted into Law 
No. 286 of 24 November 2006 as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset 
(including the Covered Bonds) as a result of death or donation (or other transfers for no 
consideration) and the creations of liens on such assets for a specific purpose are taxed as 
follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,000,000, for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third 
degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject 
to the 6 per cent inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding € 100,000, for each beneficiary; and

--- Page 402 ---
402 
 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a 
rate of 8 per cent on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Covered Bonds) as a result of death is 
exempt from inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (a) 
public deeds and notarized deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (b) 
private deeds are subject to registration tax only in “case of use” (caso d’uso) or upon 
occurrence of an explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2-ter of Part I of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 
of 26 October 1972 (Decree 642), a proportional stamp duty applies, based on an annual 
basis, to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a financial 
intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bond which may be 
deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy.  
The stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis 
of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – on the face value or 
redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the 
purchase value of the Covered Bond. The stamp duty cannot exceed € 14,000 if the Covered 
Bondholder is not an individual. 
The stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, to the extent 
that Covered Bonds are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which the 
deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement are not mandatory. In case of reporting 
periods shorter than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry 
of Economy and Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a 
client – regardless of the fiscal residence of the investor – (as defined in the regulatins issued 
by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restate) 
of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the 
Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
According to the provisions set forth by Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as 
amended and supplemented, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-commercial private or 
public institutions and Italian non-commercial partnership, holding financial assets – 
including the Covered Bonds – outside the Italian territory are required to pay in their own 
annual tax return a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. (0.4 per cent., as of 2024, in case of 
financial assets held in States or territories with privileged tax regime identified by the 
Ministerial Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of May 4, 1999). This tax cannot 
exceed € 14,000 if the taxpayer is not an individual. In this case, the abovementioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree 642 does not apply.

--- Page 403 ---
403 
 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year 
or, if earlier, of the relevant holding period, or – if no market value figure is available – on the 
nominal value or on the redemption value or, in the case the nominal or redemption values 
cannot be determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory. The amount of tax due, based on the value indicated by the Covered Bondholder in 
its own annual tax return, must be paid within the same date in which payment of the balance 
of the annual individual income tax is due. 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in 
the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due).  
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the Wealth Tax if such assets are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In 
this case the above-mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 par. 2-ter of Part I of the 
tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar 
institutions are required to report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree 
No. 167 of 28 June 1990 converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as 
amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the value of their investments 
(including the Covered Bonds) held abroad during each tax year. The requirement applies also 
where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the 
actual owner of the instruments. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement does not apply to: (i) Covered Bonds deposited 
for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into 
through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Covered 
Bonds have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments 
are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not 
exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following information is a general description of certain Luxembourg withholding tax 
considerations relating to the Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of 
all tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds, whether in Luxembourg or elsewhere. 
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as to 
which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and/or disposing of the 
Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Covered Bonds and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of Luxembourg. This 
information is based on the laws, regulations and administrative and judicial interpretations 
presently in force in Luxembourg and is subject to any change in law that may take effect 
after such date.   
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to 
a withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg 
tax law and/or concepts only.

--- Page 404 ---
404 
 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, 
redemption or repurchase of the Covered Bonds can be made free and clear of any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof 
or therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg tax laws currenty in force and 
subject however to the application of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, 
(the Relibi Law) which has introduced a 20% withholding tax on certain payments of interest 
made to Luxembourg resident individuals. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full 
discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth. Payments of interest under the Covered Bonds coming 
within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 %. 
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Relibi Law is 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of the Relibi Law and not by 
the Issuer. 
A Luxembourg resident individual who is owner of interest or similar income (within the 
meaning of the Relibi Law) and act in the course of the management of his private wealth may 
opt for a final tax of 20% when he/she receives such interest or similar income from a paying 
agent established in another EU Member State or in a Member State of the EEA which is not 
an EU Member State. The option for the 20% levy must include all interest payments made 
during the calendar year and responsibility for the declaration and the payment of the 20% 
final tax is assumed by the individual resident beneficial owner of interest. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known 
as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions, including the Republic of Italy, have entered into, or have agreed 
in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and 
have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is 
six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are 
filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuer). Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these

--- Page 405 ---
405 
 
rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s 
Proposal) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate and on 16 March 2016 it 
completed the formalities required to leave the enhanced co-operation on FTT. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, 
apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in 
certain circumstances.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to 
certain dealings in Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at 
least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, 
or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the 
Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 406 ---
406 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, the Dealers are set out in the Dealer Agreement. The Dealer Agreement 
provides for, inter alia, an indemnity to the Dealer against certain liabilities in connection 
with the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Dealer Agreement also provides for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Series. The Dealer Agreement contains, inter alia, stabilising provisions. In the 
Dealer Agreement it is stated that Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Covered Bonds to or 
through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly 
to purchasers. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged 
from their obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Covered Bonds under or pursuant to 
the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of such Covered Bonds, including in the 
event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on or 
before the issue date of such Covered Bonds. In this situation, the issuance of such Covered 
Bonds may not be completed. Covered Bondholders will have no rights against the Issuer or 
the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Subscription Agreements 
Any Subscription Agreement between the Issuer and the Dealer and/or any additional or other 
dealers, from time to time, for the sale and purchase of Covered Bonds (each a Relevant 
Dealer) will, inter alia, provide for the price at which the relevant Covered Bonds will be 
subscribed for by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if 
any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the 
Covered Bonds then being issued. 
Selling restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any of the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, EU MiFID II); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or

--- Page 407 ---
407 
 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds does not include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds in 
that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" 
in relation to any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered 
Bonds. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitles the “Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation EU No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (UE) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
EUWA.

--- Page 408 ---
408 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds does not include the legend “Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA), in the United Kingdom 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 
of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in 
relation to any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Covered Bonds, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in 
case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all 
Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part within the United 
States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Covered Bonds within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, an 
offer or sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer 
(whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the

--- Page 409 ---
409 
 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise that in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold 
and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident in Japan” 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the 
laws of Japan. 
The United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, as the case may be; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and it has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Covered Bonds and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will 
be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, 
all as defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1, L.533-16 and 
L.533-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds except in 
conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, 
implementing measures in Ireland and the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014 
of Ireland and every other enactment that is to be read together with any of those Acts; 
(b) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo which are not listed on a stock 
exchange and which do not mature within two years its action in any jurisdiction will 
comply with the then applicable laws and regulations of that jurisdiction, it will not

--- Page 410 ---
410 
 
knowingly offer to sell such Covered Bonds to an Irish resident, or to persons whose 
usual place of abode is Ireland, and that it will not knowingly distribute or cause to be 
distributed in Ireland any offering material in connection with such Covered Bonds. In 
addition, such Covered Bonds must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or Depository Trust Company (or any other clearing system recognised 
for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners) and have a minimum denomination 
of £300,000 or its equivalent at the date of issuance; 
(c) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo which are not listed on a stock 
exchange and which mature within two years, such Covered Bonds must have a 
minimum denomination of €500,000 or US$500,000 or, in the case of Covered Bond 
which are denominated in a currency other than euro or US dollars, the equivalent in 
that other currency of €500,000 (such amount to be determined by reference to the 
relevant rate of exchange at the date of first publication of this Programme). In 
addition, such Covered Bonds must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Depository Trust Company (or any other clearing system recognised 
for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners); 
(d) 
it has only issued or passed on, and will only issue or pass on, any document received 
by it in connection with the issue of Covered Bonds to persons who are persons to 
whom the document may otherwise lawfully be issued or passed on;  
(e) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of S.I. No. 60 of 2007, 
the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 and 
the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998, with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to the Covered Bonds or operating in, or otherwise involving, Ireland 
is acting under and within the terms of an authorisation to do so for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/UE of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 April 
2004 and it has complied with any applicable codes of conduct or practice made 
pursuant to implementing measures in respect of the foregoing Directive in any 
relevant jurisdiction; 
(f) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in 
compliance with the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942-2013 (as amended) and 
any codes of conduct rules made thereunder; and 
(g) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in 
compliance with the provisions of the Market Abuse (Directive 2003/6/EC) 
Regulations 2005 (as amended) and any rules issued under the Irish Companies Act 
2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in 
the Federal Republic of Germany in compliance with the provisions of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other laws applicable in the Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may 
copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Covered Bonds be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:

--- Page 411 ---
411 
 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February, 1998, as amended (the Financial Law) and/or Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and in accordance with any 
applicable Italian laws and regulations.  
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy 
under (a) or (b) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct 
such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Law, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1st September, 1993, as amended (the Banking Law); 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where 
applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Law and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian 
authority. 
General 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or 
more listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the 
Issuer or the Dealer that would permit a public offering of Covered Bonds, or possession or 
distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all 
cases at their own expenses. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus, any offering 
material or any Final Terms, and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by 
it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor (if 
applicable) and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Dealers represents that Covered 
Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 412 ---
412 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Admission to Trading and Minimum Denomination 
Application has been made for the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
to be admitted to the official list and be traded on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) may be listed on such other stock 
exchange as the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or may be issued on an unlisted basis. 
Where Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the 
Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area 
or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered 
Bonds will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are 
issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
The Registered Covered Bonds Condition will specify the minimum denomination for 
Registered Covered Bonds, which will not be listed. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the management board 
(consiglio di gestione) of the Issuer on 22 June 2010, 19 March 2019, 23 May 2023 and 27 
September 2024. 
The granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the board of 
directors of the Covered Bond Guarantor on 23 June 2010, on 20 March 2019, on 9 December 
2020 and on 21 November 2024. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) issued in dematerialised form 
will be accepted for clearance through Monte Titoli (commercial name “Euronext Securities 
Milan”). The relevant Final Terms shall specify (i) any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted for clearance the relevant Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
issued in dematerialised form, together with any further appropriate information or (ii) with 
respect to the Covered Bonds issued in any of the other forms which may be indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the indication of the agent or registrar through which payments to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds will be made.  
The registered office of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is at Piazza degli Affari 6, Milan, Italy. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. The Registered 
Covered Bond Conditions will specify the agent or registrar through which payments to the 
Registered Covered Bonds will be performed.  
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code (if available) and the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) in relation to the Covered Bonds of each Series will be specified in the Final 
Terms relating thereto.

--- Page 413 ---
413 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, there shall be at all times a Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
appointed to act in the interest and behalf of the Covered Bondholders. The initial 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione 
S.p.A. KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A. shall be appointed by the Dealers in 
accordance with the Dealer Agreement and the relevant Subscription Agreements. 
No material litigation 
Save as disclosed under paragraph “Legal Proceedings” in the section “Description of the 
Issuer” of this Base Prospectus during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, nor are the 
Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of 
such kind, which have had or may have significant effects on the Issuer’s or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor’s financial position or profitability. 
Trend Information / No Material Change / No Significant Change 
Since (i) 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer (ii) 30 September 2024 there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and (iii) 30 September 2024 there has been no 
significant change in the financial position of the Issuer and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group.  
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. Since 31 December 2023, (i) there has been no significant change 
in the financial position of the Covered Bond Guarantor and (ii) there has been no significant 
change in the financial performance of the Guarantor. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered 
Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Independent auditors  
On 30 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo appointed EY S.p.A. 
as independent auditors for the financial years 2021-2029. EY S.p.A. is an independent public 
accounting firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro 
Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 
2012. EY S.p.A. is also a member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori 
Contabili, being the Italian Auditors Association. The business address of EY S.p.A. is Via 
Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy. EY S.p.A. audited, in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), the consolidated financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group, as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, as stated in the 
English translation of their audit reports incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Further, EY S.p.A. reviewed, in accordance with CONSOB Regulation No.10867 of 31 July 
1997, the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended June 30, 2024, as stated in the English 
translation of their review reports incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 414 ---
414 
 
The independent auditors of ISP CB Ipotecario, the Covered Bond Guarantor, are EY S.p.A. 
for the period 2021-2023. EY S.p.A. has audited the financial statements of ISP CB 
Ipotecario, the Covered Bond Guarantor, as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022 in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia). 
The independent auditors’ reports on the 31 December 2023 and 2022 financial statements 
have been issued by EY S.p.A., respectively, on 18 March 2024 and 16 March 2023. 
Documents available for inspection  
Without prejudice to the paragraph “Publication on the Internet” below, for so long as the 
Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(i) 
the Transaction Documents (but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, any document in 
respect of any Registered Covered Bonds) including the Covered Bond Guarantee 
(which 
is 
available 
on 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20201204_Covered_
Bond_Guarantee_CBI.pdf);  
(ii) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of 
the 
date 
hereof 
(which 
are 
also 
available 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_governance/20241104_Statuto3
0102024_uk.pdf ); 
(iii) the Covered Bond Guarantor’s memorandum of association and by-laws as of the date 
hereof (which are also available on https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/it/investor-
relations/prospetti/emissioni-internazionali/obbligazioni-bancarie/programma-obg-
mutui-ipotecari-isp/programma-obg-mutui-ipotecari-isp 
and 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-
documents/covered-bonds/intesa-sanpaolo-obg-mortgage-programme--originator-
intesa-sanpao/obg-mortgage); 
(iv) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2024; 
(v) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, as shown in 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2024 Half-yearly Report; 
(vi) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the 
year ended on 31 December 2023; 
(vii) the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the 
year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(viii) the Covered Bond Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the 
auditors’ report thereon, in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023;

--- Page 415 ---
415 
 
(ix) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the 
auditors’ report thereon, in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(x) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 10 
January 2024, pages from 309 to 357 (both included) prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme; 
(xi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further 
Base Prospectus; 
(xii) any reports, letters, balance sheets, valuations and statements of experts included or 
referred to in the Base Prospectus (other than consent letters); 
(xiii) any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case 
of any Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) which are not 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified 
Office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each 
Final Terms relating to the Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (https://www.luxse.com). 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, 
where appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly available financial 
statements and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
The external auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of 
their report on the accounts of the Issuer in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in 
which it is included. 
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be published by the 
Issuer on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at https://www.luxse.com. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto and 
documents incorporated by reference, if any, or further Base Prospectus, will be made publicy 
available 
by 
the 
Issuer 
in 
electronic 
form 
for 
at 
least 
10 
years 
on 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations. 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Covered Bond Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has 
entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that 
have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their 
obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
LEI Code

--- Page 416 ---
416 
 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI") 
Code 
of 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
is 
2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08, and the LEI of the Covered Bond Guarantor is 
81560064FFDF9E189E07. 
Declaration of the officer responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
The officer responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, Elisabetta Stegher, 
declares, pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Financial Law (Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time), that the 
accounting information contained in this Base Prospectus corresponds to the Issuer's 
documentary results, books and accounting records. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and 
their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and their affiliates, investor clients, or 
as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For avoidance of 
doubt, the term “affiliates” in this paragraph includes also parent companies. Moreover Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. will be acting as Issuer, Arranger and Dealer in the context of the 
Programme.

--- Page 417 ---
417 
 
GLOSSARY 
The following terms and other terms used in this Base Prospectus are subject to, and in some 
cases are summaries of, the definitions of such terms as set out in the Transaction Documents, 
as they may be amended from time to time. 
Account Banks has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions 
Accounts means the CA-CIB Accounts and the Intesa Accounts. 
Additional Business Centre has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Interest Amount means:  
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the algebraic 
sum of: 
(i) 
the amount of Interest Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (xi) of the Pre-Issuer 
Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
or 
(b) 
following to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the 
algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from under items (i) to (ix) of the 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments; 
or 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default an amount 
equal to the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from under items (i) to (viii) of 
the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments. 
Additional Seller has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed “Nominal Value Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Adjustment Spread has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Administrative Services Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Administrative Services Provider has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Affected Loan has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Nominal Value Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Amortisation Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Amortisation Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”.

--- Page 418 ---
418 
 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression under paragraph headed “Amortisation Test” under the section headed “Credit 
Structure”. 
Amortisation Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
Approved Reorganisation has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Article 74 Event has the meaning given to such expression in the Conditions. 
Article 74 Notice to Pay has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Asset Cover Report means the report to be sent by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement.  
Asset Hedging Counterparty has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Asset Monitor Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Asset Monitor has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Asset Monitor Report Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Report means the report to be sent by the Asset Monitor in accordance with 
the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
Asset Percentage has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Tests” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Asset Swaps has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Available Funds has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Banking Law has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Base Interest Amount means 0.50% per annum. 
Base Prospectus means this base prospectus prepared in connection with the Programme, as 
supplemented and amended from time to time. 
Benchmark Event has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
BoI OBG Regulations means the supervisory instructions of Bank of Italy relating to covered 
bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Third Part, Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 285 
of 17 December 2013 containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche”, as replaced by 
the Implementing Provisions and as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
BoI Regulations means the supervisory instructions issued by the Bank of Italy in relation to 
banks or financial intermediary, as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
Business Day Convention has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Business Day has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
CA-CIB means CRÉDIT AGRICOLE – CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, a bank 
incorporated under the laws of France with its registered offices at 9, Quai du Président Paul 
Doumer, 92920 Paris La Défense Cedex, registered with the Registre du Commerce et des 
Sociétés de Nanterre with No. SIREN 304 187 701, share capital Euro 6,775,271,784. 
CA-CIB Accounts means the CA-CIB Collection Account, the CA-CIB Securities Account, 
the CA-CIB Investment Account, the CA-CIB Interest Securities Collection Account, the CA-

--- Page 419 ---
419 
 
CIB Principal Securities Collection Account, the CA-CIB Eligible Investments Account, the 
CA-CIB Payment Account, the CA-CIB Collateral Account and the Guarantee Collection 
Account. 
CA-CIB Collateral Account means the account No. 002212097512 - IBAN 
IT54U0343201600002212097512 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
CA-CIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
any replacement thereof. 
CA-CIB Collection Account means the account No. 002212097593 - IBAN 
IT82Q0343201600002212097593 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
CA-CIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
any replacement thereof. 
CA-CIB Eligible Investments Account means the account No. 02558339111 opened in the 
name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with CA-CIB and operating in accordance with the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
CA-CIB Interest Securities Collection Account means the account No. 0025587086847 – 
IBAN FR7631489000100025587086847 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
with CA-CIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
and any replacement thereof. 
CA-CIB Investment Account means the account No. 0025583391147 - IBAN 
FR763148900010000025583391147 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
CA-CIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
any replacement thereof. 
CA-CIB 
Payment 
Account 
means 
the 
account 
No. 
002212097594 
- 
IBAN 
IT59R0343201600002212097594 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
CA-CIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
any replacement thereof. 
CA-CIB Principal Securities Collection Account means the account No. 0025587077147 - 
IBAN FR7631489000100025587077147 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
with CA-CIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
and any replacement thereof. 
CA-CIB Securities Account means the account No. 02558708681 opened in the name of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor with CA-CIB and operating in accordance with the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
Calculation Agent has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Calculation Date means 7 January, 7 April, 7 July and 7 October in each calendar year or, in 
case such date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day, provided that the first 
Calculation Date will be 7 January 2011. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in 
the Conditions. 
Cash Manager has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
CB Interest Period has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
CB Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Clearstream has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 420 ---
420 
 
Collateral Accounts means, alternatively as applicable, the CA-CIB Collateral Account or 
the Intesa Collateral Accounts. 
Collection Accounts means, alternatively, as applicable, the CA-CIB Collection Account, the 
CA-CIB Interest Securities Collection Account, the CA-CIB Principal Securities Collection 
Account, the Guarantee Collection Account, or the Intesa Collection Accounts. 
Collection Date means the last calendar day of February, May, August and November of each 
year. 
Collection Period means each period from (but excluding) a Collection Date to (and 
including) the following Collection Date or, in respect of the first Collection Period, the 
period from (and including) the Evaluation Date of the transfer of the Initial Portfolio to (and 
including) the next following Collection Date. 
Collection Policies has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Servicing Agreement. 
Collections means all the amounts collected from time to time by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in respect of the Portfolio as principal, interest and/or expenses and any payment of 
damages and all the Excess Proceeds. 
Commercial Mortgage Loan means a Mortgage Loan referred to under Article 129, 
Paragraph 1, letter (f) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
Conditions means, in relation to the Covered Bonds of any Series, the terms and conditions of 
the Covered Bonds of such Series, as amended and supplemented from time to time and 
Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
CONSOB has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Corporate Account means the corporate account IBAN IT20 Y030 6909 4001 0000 0001 
145 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo (as Account 
Bank) and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
any replacement thereof. 
Covered Bond Guarantee means the guarantee issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
order to secure the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 7-bis of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree, until the 
Implementation Date or, from the Implementation Date, of Articles 7-sexies and 7-
quaterdecies of Law 130. 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice means the notice to be served by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount means on the Guarantor Payment Date 
falling in January of each calendar year, the difference between: (i) Euro 100,000.00 and (ii) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Expenses Account as at the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date. 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning ascribed to such expression in 
the Conditions. 
Covered Bond Guarantor means ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l., a limited liability company 
(societa’ a responsabilita’ limitata) incorporated in the Republic of Italy pursuant to article 7-
bis of Law 130, as applicable until the Implementation Date (which has been replaced by 
article 7-septies of Law 130) with share capital equal to Euro 120,000.00 (fully paid up) 
whose registered office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan, Italy, enrolled with the

--- Page 421 ---
421 
 
Companies’ Register of Milan, under No. 05936180966, belonging to the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, subject to the direction and coordination (direzione e coordinamento), pursuant to 
Article 2497-bis of the Italian Civil Code, of Intesa Sanpaolo. 
Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount means on the Guarantor Payment Date falling 
in January of each calendar year, the difference between: (i) Euro 90,000.00 and (ii) any 
amount standing to the credit of the Corporate Account as at the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date. 
Covered Bondholders has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Covered Bonds means any covered bond issued under the Programme and denominated in 
such currency as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer which has such 
maturity and denomination as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Crisis Code means the "Crisis and Insolvency Code" issued in implementation of Law No. 
155 of October 19, 2017, referred to in Legislative Decree No. 14 of January 12, 2019, as 
amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time. 
Criteria means each of the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria. 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Current Balance has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement. 
Day Count Fraction has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Data Protection Law means the Privacy Law and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 
(2016/679) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (GDPR), as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, and the national implementing legislation. 
Dealer Agreement means the dealer agreement entered into on or about the Programme Date 
between, inter alios, the Issuer and the Dealers, as amended and/or supplemented from time to 
time.  
Dealer means each of the Initial Dealers and each “dealer” designated as such under the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Debtors in respect of Receivables means any person, entity or subject, who is liable for the 
payment of amounts due, as principal and interest, in respect of any Receivables. 
Debtors in respect of Securities means any entity, which is liable for the payment of 
amounts due, as principal and interest, in respect of any Securities. 
Debtors means as, the case may be, the Debtors in respect of the Receivables or the Debtors 
in respect of the Securities.  
Decree 190 means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, transposin 
Directive (EU) No. 2162/2019 into Italian Law. 
Decree 213 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Decree 239 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Decree 461 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 422 ---
422 
 
Decree 512 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Decree 600 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Deed of Charge and Assignment has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Defaulted Asset means any Mortgage Loan which has been classified by the Servicer on 
behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor as a Defaulted Loan and/or any Security which have 
been classified by the Servicer on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor as a Defaulted 
Security. 
Defaulted Loan means a Mortgage Loan in relation to which the relevant receivable is a 
Defaulted Receivable. 
Defaulted Receivable means a Receivable classified as defaulted in accordance with the 
provisions of the Collection Policies, as applied in compliance with the provisions of the Bank 
of Italy’s supervisory regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza della Banca d’Italia) and in 
accordance with a prudent management of the Receivables carried out with the highest 
professional standards; as at the date hereof, a Receivable is classified as defaulted if it is 
classified as in sofferenza in accordance with the provisions of the Bank of Italy’s supervisory 
regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza della Banca d’Italia) and with the provisions of the 
Collection Policies when the Arrears Ratio is at least equal to (i) 10, in the case of Mortgage 
Loans providing for monthly instalments, (ii) 4, in the case of Mortgage Loans providing for 
quarterly instalments and (iii) 2, in the case of Mortgage Loans providing for semi-annual 
instalments. For the purposes of this definition, Arrears Ratio means, at the end of each 
monthly reference period, the ratio between (a) all amounts due and unpaid as principal and/or 
interest (excluding any default interest) in relation to the relevant Receivable and (b) the 
amount of the instalment of the relevant Receivable which was due immediately prior to the 
end of that month. 
Defaulted Securities means the Securities which may be classified as defaulted in accordance 
with the provisions of the Collection Policies. 
Discount Factor has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed “Net 
Present Value (NPV) Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”.  
Due for Payment Date means (i) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date, or (ii) following the 
occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Covered 
Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor. If the Due for 
Payment Date is not a Business Day, the Due for Payment Date will be the next following 
Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, Due for Payment Date does not refer to any earlier 
date upon which payment of any Guaranteed Amounts may become due, by reason of 
prepayment, mandatory or optional redemption or otherwise. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Early Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Early Redemption Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Early Termination Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Eligible Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Eligible Investments Account means, alternatively as applicable, the CA-CIB Eligible 
Investments Account or the Intesa Eligible Investment Account.

--- Page 423 ---
423 
 
Eligible Investments means: 
(a) 
any Public Asset, as defined below, which have a maturity up to 3 Business Days 
prior to each Guarantor Payment Date; and/or 
(b) 
any other Euro denominated securities having the minimum rating as determined by 
the parties in accordance with the applicable rating methodology to be applicable or agreed by 
the Rating Agency from time to time, being, as at the date hereof, “P-1” by Moody’s and 
which have a maturity of up to 30 calendar days or, if longer, which may be liquidated 
without loss within 30 days from a downgrade below “P-1” by Moody’s and which qualify as 
Eligible Assets and/or Integration Asset and/or Liquid Asset; and/or 
(c) 
reserve accounts, deposit accounts, and other similar accounts which qualifies as 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets held with a bank having minimum ratings as 
determined by the parties in accordance with the applicable rating methodology to be 
applicable or agreed by the Rating Agency from time to time, being, as at the date hereof, “P-
3” by Moody’s,  
provided that any such investments shall be liquidated in accordance with the provisions of 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the limit provided under Clause 5.4(b) of the Master Transfer 
Agreement will not apply to the Eligible Investments. 
For the purposes of paragraph (i) above, “Public Assets” means (i) securities satisfying the 
requirements set forth under Article 129, Paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR, and (ii) 
loans extended to, or guaranteed by, the public entities set forth under Article 129, Paragraph 
1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR or guaranteed (on the basis of “guarantees valid for the 
purpose of credit risk mitigation”), by such public entities. 
Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Tests” under the section headed “Credit Structure”.  
Eligible States shall mean any States belonging to the European Economic Space, 
Switzerland and any other State attracting a zero per cent. risk weight factor in accordance 
with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach.  
EMIR Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European Parliament and 
Council dated 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories as 
supplemented by the relevant delegated regulations, as amended from time to time. 
English Law Transaction Documents has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Euribor means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate, as determined from time to time 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
Euro Equivalent has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Interest Coverage Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Euroclear has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Conditions. 
Eurodollar Convention has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Evaluation Date means the date on which the economic effects of the assignment of the 
Initial Portfolio and/or any relevant Further Portfolio will occur, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Excess Proceeds has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 424 ---
424 
 
Excluded Assets means the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure 
Limit to be excluded from the Portfolio. 
Excluded Swap means the portion of the hedging arrangements, if any, corresponding to the 
Eligible Assets and Integration Assets excluded from the Eligible Portfolio. 
Expected Floating Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph 
headed “Interest Coverage Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Expenses Account means the expenses account No. 1876 1000 1144 - IBAN IT43 X030 
6909 4001 0000 0001 144 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa 
Sanpaolo (as Account Bank) and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
Exposure Limit means the limits set forth in Article 129, paragraph 1a, lett. (a), (b), (c) and 
(d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to Article 129 paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR such limits 
shall not apply to “cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement for 
purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test. 
Exposure Limit Verification has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
Extendable Maturity has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Extended Maturity Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Extension Determination Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
Final Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Final Terms means the specific final terms issued and published in accordance with the 
Conditions prior to the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds detailing certain relevant terms 
thereof which, for the purposes of that Series only, supplements the Conditions and the Base 
Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Financial Law has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
First Issue Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
First Special Servicer means the entity appointed as such under the Servicing Agreement. 
First Special Servicer’s Delegates means any entity appointed as such by the First Special 
Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Fixed Component of the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
under paragraph headed “Interest Coverage Test” under the section headed “Credit 
Structure”. 
Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
under paragraph headed “Interest Coverage Test” under the section headed “Credit 
Structure”. 
French Law Security Document means the pledge over bank accounts agreement (contrat 
de nantissement de comptes bancaires) with respect to the bank accounts opened in the name 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor on or about the 22 June 2012, entered into between, among 
others, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 425 ---
425 
 
Further Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
General Criteria means the general criteria applicable for the identification of the 
Receivables, as set out in the Master Transfer Agreement. 
German Paying Agent has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Guaranteed Amounts has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.  
Guarantee Collection Account means the account No. 002212097589 - IBAN 
IT12U0343201600002212097589 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
CA-CIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
any replacement thereof. 
Guarantor Interest Period means the period from (and including) the date of transfer of the 
Initial Portfolio to (and excluding) the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date and, 
thereafter, each period from (and including) a Guarantor Payment Date to (and excluding) the 
following Guarantor Payment Date. 
Guarantor means any person, entity or subject, different from the Debtor, who has granted a 
guarantee in relation to a Receivable or Security or Liquid Assets, and any successor thereof. 
Guarantor Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Hedging Counterparties has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Hedging Senior Payment has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Implementation Date means 31 March 2023, it being the date into which the Implementing 
Provisions issued by the Bank of Italy entered into force. 
Implementing Provisions means the implementing provisions amending the BoI OBG 
Regulations issued by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Law 130. 
Independent Adviser has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Individual Purchase Price means the purchase price of each Receivable or Security, as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Initial Dealers means Barclays and Intesa Sanpaolo. 
Initial MBS Notes means the MBS Notes issued by Adriano Finance S.r.l. denominated 
“Euro 7,557,950,000 Class A Residential Mortgage Backed Floating Rate Notes due 
December 2055” (ISIN Code: IT0004398092; Common Code 038148630), listed with the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Initial Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Insolvency Event has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Insolvency Law means Italian Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March, 1942 (Disciplina del 
fallimento, del concordato preventivo e della liquidazione coatta amministrativa) as amended 
from time to time. 
Insolvency Proceedings has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Integration Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Integration Assignment has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Intercreditor Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 426 ---
426 
 
Interest Accumulation Amount means an amount equal to the interest amounts due on the 
CB Payment Dates falling during the immediately following Guarantor Interest Period 
(excluding the first day of such Guarantor Interest Period if the Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payments is applicable), in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds in relation to which (i) no 
Liability Swaps have been entered into or (ii) the relevant Liability Swaps have been 
terminated. 
Interest Available Funds means, with reference to each Guarantor Payment Date, the sum of 
(a) any interest received from the Portfolio (net of any Interest Component of the Purchase 
Price) during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (b) 
any amount received by the Covered Bond Guarantor as remuneration of the Accounts (other 
than the Collateral Accounts, as applicable) and Eligible Investments (without any double 
counting) during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, 
(c) any interest amount received by the Covered Bond Guarantor as payments under the 
Swaps Agreements with the exception of any Delivery Amounts (as defined therein) on or 
prior to the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, (d) any amount (other than amounts being 
Principal Available Funds, as defined below) received by the Covered Bond Guarantor from 
any party to the Transaction Documents during the Collection Period immediately preceding 
such Guarantor Payment Date, (e) the Reserve Fund Required Amount, (f) the Interest 
Accumulation Amount, (g) any amount of Interest Available Funds retained in the Relevant 
Investment Account on the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date, and (h) 
following a Notice to Pay, and before a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, all 
interest amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant 
Calculation Date. 
Interest Commencement Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Interest Component of the Purchase Price means, in respect of each Eligible Asset or 
Integration Asset or Liquid Assets, the amount of interest which was considered, from time to 
time, in order to calculate the relevant purchase price in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
Interest Coverage Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Interest Coverage Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Interest Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Interest Coverage Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Intesa Accounts means the Receivables Collection Account, the Intesa Securities Account, 
the Intesa Investment Account, the Intesa Interest Securities Collection Account, the Intesa 
Principal Securities Collection Account, the Intesa Eligible Investments Account, the 
Expenses Account, the Corporate Account, the Intesa Payment Account and the Intesa 
Collateral Accounts. 
Intesa 
Collateral 
Accounts 
means 
the 
accounts 
(cash 
account 
IBAN 
IT75X0306909400100000001150 and securities account No. 187631003731916) opened in 
the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo (as Account Bank) and 
operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any 
replacement thereof. 
Intesa Collection Accounts means, collectively, the Receivables Collection Account, the 
Intesa Interest Securities Collection Account and the Intesa Principal Securities Collection 
Account.

--- Page 427 ---
427 
 
Intesa Eligible Investments Account means the eligible investments account No. 1876 3100 
3731510 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo (as 
Account Bank) and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
Intesa Investment Account means the investment account No. 1876 1000 1143 - IBAN IT66 
W030 6909 4001 0000 0001 143 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
Intesa Sanpaolo (as Account Bank) and operating in accordance with the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
Intesa Interest Securities Collection Account means the interest securities collection 
account No. 07744 1000 543 – IBAN IT46 P030 6912 7111 0000 0000 543 opened in the 
name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo (as Account Bank) and operated 
in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
Intesa Payment Account means the payment account IBAN IT58 E030 6909 4001 0000 
0001 058 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo (as 
Account Bank) and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
Intesa Principal Securities Collection Account means the principal securities collection 
account IBAN IT69 O030 6912 7111 0000 0000 542 opened in the name of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo (as Account Bank) and operated in accordance with the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement thereof.  
Intesa Securities Account means the securities account No. 07744 0836 04010200 opened in 
the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo (as Account Bank) and 
operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any 
replacement thereof. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group means Intesa Sanpaolo and each of its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Intesa Sanpaolo means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a bank organised as a joint stock company 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 
156,10121, Turin, Italy and secondary office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121, Milan, Italy, 
incorporated with Fiscal Code number and registration number with the Turin Register of 
Enterprises 00799960158, VAT number 11991500015, and registered with the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to article 13 of the Banking Law under number 5361, head of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group, agreed into the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi and into the Fondo 
Nazionale di Garanzia. 
Investment Account means, alternatively, as applicable, the CA-CIB Investment Account or 
the Intesa Investment Account. 
Investor Report Date means 10 Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date.  
Investor Report has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
ISP Mandate Agreement means the mandate agreement entered into on 28 February 2014 
between Intesa Sanpaolo, as Swap Service Provider, and the Covered Bond Guarantor, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, for the performance of certain service to be 
provided under the Swap Agreements further to the approval of the EMIR Regulation.

--- Page 428 ---
428 
 
Issuance Collateralisation Assignment has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed “Master Transfer Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents”. 
Issue Date means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the date of Issue of such Series 
of Covered Bonds pursuant to and in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
Issue Price means the price of Covered Bonds of each Series, which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issuer Downgrade Event means the Issuer being downgraded to ratings as determined to be 
applicable or agreed by Moody’s from time to time, being, as at the First Issue Date, to or 
below “P-2”. 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Issuer means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as issuer of the Covered Bonds. 
IT and Operational Services Provider means Intesa Sanpaolo (or any of its successors, 
assignees or transferees) or any other entity replacing Intesa Sanpaolo pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement or the Corporate Services Agreement. 
Italian Civil Code has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Italian Civil Procedure Code means the Italian Royal Decree No. 1443 of 28 October 1940, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Italian Insolvency Code means the Crisis Code. 
Italian Law Transaction Documents has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Latest Valuation has the meaning given to such expression in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement. 
Law 130 means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as published in the Official Gazette of 
the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 111 of 14 May 1999 
(legge sulla cartolarizzazione dei crediti), as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Liability Hedging Counterparty has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Liability Swap Principal Accumulation Amount means, in relation to any Guarantor 
Payment Date, (a) for a Series of Covered Bonds with a Maturity Date falling during the 
immediately following Guarantor Interest Period (excluding the first day of such Guarantor 
Interest Period), an amount equal to the principal amount due under the relevant Liability 
Swap, or (b) for a Series of Covered Bonds with a Maturity Date not falling during the 
immediately following Guarantor Interest Period, an amount equal to zero. 
Liability Swaps has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Liquidation Costs has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Tests” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Liquid Assets means the assets referred to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) 
of Law 130, provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under 
Article 129 of the CRR and Law 130 also in the form of substitution assets.

--- Page 429 ---
429 
 
Liquidity Buffer Account means the liquidity buffer account that may be opened in the name 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor with the Account Bank in accordance with the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Long Date Due for Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Long Dated Covered Bonds has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Mandatory Test means each of the Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test and the Interest 
Coverage Test. 
Master Definitions Agreement means the master definitions agreement entered into on or 
about the Programme Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Master Transfer Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Maturity Date means, with reference to each Series of Covered Bonds, with the exclusion of 
the Extended Maturity Date, as extended in accordance with the Conditions, the CB Payment 
Date, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, on which such Series of Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at their Outstanding Principal Balance. 
Maturity Extension has the meaning ascribed to such term under Condition 9(b). 
MBS Notes Issuer means each company incorporated under Law 130 which has issued MBS 
Notes. 
MBS Notes means the securities issued in the context of securitisation transactions which was 
owned by the Seller before the Implementation Date and having the characteristics set forth 
under the OBG Regulations as in force until the Implementation Date. 
MBS Portfolio means a portfolio of receivables purchased from an MBS Notes Issuer in the 
context of the relevant MBS Transaction. 
MBS Transaction means each Italian law governed securitisation transaction carried out by 
an MBS Notes Issuer in the context of which MBS Notes have been issued. 
MEF Decree means the Decree of the Ministry of economy and finance No. 310 of 14 
December 2006, concerning the implementation of the provisions set forth in Article 7-bis of 
Law 130 about covered bonds, repealed by Decree 190. 
Minimum Required Account Bank Rating has the meaning ascribed to such expression in 
the Conditions. 
Minimum Required Paying Agent Rating means the short-term rating as determined to be 
applicable or agreed by the Rating Agency from time to time with reference to the entity 
which acts in its capacity as Paying Agent (or any institution guaranteeing its obligation on 
the basis of a guarantee satisfying the criteria of the Rating Agency), being, as at the date 
hereof, “P-3” by Moody’s. 
Minimum Required Pre-Maturity Liquidity Guarantor Rating has the meaning ascribed 
to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 430 ---
430 
 
Minimum Required Ratings means, in respect of the Account Bank and the Paying Agent, 
the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating and the Minimum Required Paying Agent 
Rating, respectively. 
Monte Titoli Account Holders has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Monte Titoli (commercial name “Euronext Securities Milan”) has the meaning ascribed to 
such expression in the Conditions. 
Moody’s has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Conditions. 
Mortgage Loan Agreement means any residential or commercial loan agreement pursuant to 
Article 129, Paragraph 1, letters (d) and (f) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
Mortgage Loan means a loan granted under a Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Mortgage means a mortgage granted over a Real Estate Asset in order to secure the 
Receivable arising from the relevant Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Negative Carry Factor has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Nominal Value Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Net Deposit has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed “Tests” 
under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Net Cumulative Liquidity Outflow has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed “Tests” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Net Liquidity Outflow has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Tests” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression under paragraph headed “Interest Coverage Test” under the section headed “Credit 
Structure”. 
Net Present Value has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed “Net 
Present Value (NPV) Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Nominal Value of the Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph 
headed “Nominal Value Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Nominal Value Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Nominal Value Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Notice to Pay has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
NPV Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed “Net Present 
Value (NPV) Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
OBG Regulations means Law 130, as amended and supplemented from time to time, the 
MEF Decree (until the Implementation Date), the BoI OBG Regulations and Article 129 of 
CRR and any other applicable provision of CRR, as amended from time to time. 
Observed Eligible OC Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed “Tests” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Observed Eligible OC Amount Verification has the meaning ascribed to such expression in 
the Asset Monitor Agreement.

--- Page 431 ---
431 
 
OC Verification has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed “Tests” 
under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Official Gazette means the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana). 
Ordinary Resolution has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
Other Secured Creditors has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Outstanding Principal Balance has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Paying Agent has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Payment Account means, alternatively, as applicable, the CA-CIB Payment Account or the 
Intesa Payment Account. 
Payments Report means the report substantially in the form provided for under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement to be prepared by the Calculation Agent not later than 5 
Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Pledge Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Portfolio Administration Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Portfolio Manager means the company appointed as portfolio manager in accordance with 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement and any successor thereof. 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Potential Set-Off Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph 
headed “Tests” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Account has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Rating has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase). 
Pre-Maturity Rating Period has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 432 ---
432 
 
Principal Available Funds means, with reference to each Guarantor Payment Date, the sum 
of: (a) any principal payment and any Interest Component of the Purchase Price received 
during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (b) any 
amounts deriving from sale of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets, Liquid Assets and Eligible 
Investments (without any double counting) received during the Collection Period immediately 
preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, provided that any amount paid to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor by the Seller as purchase price for the Receivables and/or the Securities and/or the 
Liquid Assets repurchased by the Seller further to the exercise by the Issuer of its option right 
pursuant to the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement shall form part of the Principal 
Available Funds applicable on such Guarantor Payment Date if, by no later than the Business 
Day prior to the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (i) 
the relevant purchase price (as calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Transfer Agreement) has been paid in full, (ii) cleared funds in respect thereof have been 
credited to the Relevant Investment Account and/or Relevant Principal Securities Collection 
Account and/or Liquidity Buffer Account, (as the case may be and (iii) notice of the relevant 
payment and crediting has been given by the Seller and the Relevant Account Bank to the 
Calculation Agent (with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it being 
understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that any funds so applied shall not be double counted 
in respect of the Collection Period during which the relevant payment is made, (c) any amount 
of Principal Available Funds retained in the Relevant Investment Account on the immediately 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date, (d) any principal amount received by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements with the exception of any Delivery 
Amounts (as defined therein) on or prior to the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, (e) any 
amount credited to the Relevant Investment Account under item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Default 
Interest Priority of Payments, (f) following the withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay, any 
principal amount received in respect of the Excess Proceeds, and (g) all principal amounts 
standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant Calculation Date. 
Priorities of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Privacy Law means Italian Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 (Codice in materia di 
protezione dei dati personali), as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Programme Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Programme Limit means the amount equal to Euro 35,000,000,000 or any other amount 
indicated as the programme limit in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
Programme means the Euro 35,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme described in this 
Base Prospectus, established by the Issuer for the issuance of obbligazioni bancarie garantite. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning given to it in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
Programme Termination Date means 31 December 2100. 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
Purchase Offer means the purchase offer delivered, in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement, by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to the assignment of each 
Further Portfolio. 
Relevant Account Bank means Intesa Sanpaolo (in its role as Account Bank) or CA-CIB, as 
the case may be.

--- Page 433 ---
433 
 
Quarterly Report Date means the date on which the Servicer shall deliver the Servicer 
Quarterly Report in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
Quota 
Capital 
Account 
means 
the 
quota 
capital 
account 
(IBAN: 
IT89R0306909400615309751292) opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
the Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Quotaholders means Intesa Sanpaolo and Stichting Viridis 2. 
Random Basis has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement. 
Rating Agency Confirmation means, with respect to the Rating Agency, receipt of a 
confirmation in writing that the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds will not be 
adversely affected by or withdrawn as a result of the relevant event or matter. 
Rating Agency has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Real Estate Asset means each real estate property burdened with the Mortgages. 
Receivables Collection Account means the receivables collection account (IBAN: 
IT89V0306909400100000001142) opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
the Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
Receivables means the receivables deriving from or connected with any residential or 
commercial Mortgage Loan Agreements pursuant to Article 129, Paragraph 1, letters (d) and 
(f) of the CRR and art. 7-novies of Law 130, as detailed and indicated under the term 
"Crediti" of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Registered Covered Bonds means Covered Bonds issued in registered form also as German 
governed registered covered bonds (Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung). 
Registered Covered Bonds Conditions means the terms and conditions of the Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
Registered Covered Bondholder means the registered holder for the time being of a 
Registered Covered Bond. 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer to 
act as registrar in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, 
provided that if the Issuer will keep the register and will not delegate such activity, any 
reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
Regulation 13 August 2018 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Relevant Accounts means the Intesa Accounts or the CA-CIB Accounts, as the case may be, 
and the term Relevant prior to the definition utilised to identify any of the Accounts shall 
indicate such Account with Intesa or CA-CIB, as the case may be. 
Relevant Account Bank means Intesa Sanpaolo (in its role as Account Bank) or CA-CIB, as 
the case may be. 
Relevant Dealer(s) has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Relevant Nominanting Body has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 434 ---
434 
 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders means the entity appointed as representative of 
the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, the Dealer 
Agreement and any other Transaction Document, and any successor thereof appointed in 
accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
Required Redemption Amount has the meaning given to that term in the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement. 
Reserve Fund Rating Event means the event occurring if the Issuer loses the minimum 
short-term credit rating as determined by the parties in accordance with the applicable rating 
methodology of the Rating Agency from time to time, being, as at the First Issue Date, a 
short-term rating from Moody’s of at least “P-1”. 
Reserve Fund Required Amount means nil, as long as the Issuer has a minimum short-term 
credit rating as determined by the parties in accordance with the applicable rating 
methodology of the Rating Agency from time to time, being, as at the First Issue Date, a 
short-term rating from Moody’s of at least “P-1”. Otherwise, the Issuer will be required to 
maintain a reserve fund with an amount, as calculated by the Calculation Agent on or prior to 
each Calculation Date equal to: (a) interest accruing in respect to all outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds during the immediately following Guarantor Interest Period; and (b) prior to 
the service of a Notice to Pay, the aggregate amount to be paid by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date in respect of the items (i) to 
(iv) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means a Mortgage Loan referred to under Article 129, 
Paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR. 
Resolutions has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
Resulting Entity has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Revolving Assignment of Eligible Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed “Master Transfer Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents”. 
Revolving Assignment of Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets has the meaning 
ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed “Master Transfer Agreement” under the 
section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”. 
Revolving Assignments has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
“Master Transfer Agreement” under the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents”. 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression in the Conditions. 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Scheduled Interest has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Scheduled Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Scheduled Principal has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Second Special Servicer means the entity appointed as such under the Servicing Agreement. 
Secured Creditors has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 435 ---
435 
 
Securities Account means, alternatively, as applicable, the CA-CIB Securities Account or the 
Intesa Securities Account. 
Securities Collection Accounts means (i) collectively, the Intesa Interest Securities 
Collection Account and the Intesa Principal Securities Collection Account or, alternatively, as 
applicable (ii) collectively, the CA-CIB Interest Securities Collection Account and the CA-
CIB Principal Securities Collection Account. 
Securities means, collectively, (i) the securities issued by central governments issued or 
guaranteed by a valid guarantee for the purposes of credit risk mitigation pursuant to Article 
129, Paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b) of CRR and art. 7-novies of Law 130; and (ii) the securities 
having the characteristics set out in art. 7-duodecies, Paragraph 2, of Law 130 and any 
ancillary right thereto. 
Selected Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Selection Date means the date, which shall be indicated under the relevant Purchase Offer, on 
which the Seller has applied the criteria for selecting the assets comprised in the relevant 
Further Portfolio. 
Seller has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Series has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the term “Series” shall mean, in case of Registered Covered Bonds, each 
Registered Covered Bonds made out in the name of a specific Registered Covered 
Bondholder. 
Servicer has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Servicer’s Delegates meant any entity appointed as such by the Servicer in accordance with 
the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicer Quarterly Report means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Servicer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement.  
Servicer Termination Event means one or more termination events listed under the 
Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Special Servicer means the First Special Servicer, the Second Special Servicer and any other 
entity acting as Special Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, as the case may be. 
Specific Criteria means the criteria for the selection of the Receivables to be included in any 
Further Portfolio listed in the relevant Purchase Offer. 
Specified Currency has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Office has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Stabilising Manager has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Dealer Agreement. 
Stichting Viridis 2 means Stichting Viridis 2, a Dutch foundation constituted as a stichting, 
whose registered office is at De Entree 99 - 197, 1101 HE Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Subordinated Loan means the subordinated loan granted by the Subordinated Loan Provider 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor according to the Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 436 ---
436 
 
Subordinated Loan Provider has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Subscription Agreement means each subscription agreement to be entered into on or about 
the relevant Issue Date between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Successor Servicer means any entity succeeding in the role as Servicer in accordance with 
the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
Successor Special Servicer means any entity succeeding in the role of the Special Servicer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
Supplemental Liquidity Available Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
under paragraph headed “Nominal Value Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Supplemental Liquidity Event has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph 
headed “Nominal Value Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Account means the additional account to be opened in the 
name of the Covered Bond Guarantor, if the Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Amount is set 
greater than zero and in accordance with the other provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
Supplemental Liquidity Reserve Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
under paragraph headed “Nominal Value Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Swap Agreements has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Swap Curve has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed “Net 
Present Value (NPV) Test” under the section headed “Credit Structure”. 
Swap Service Agreements means ISP Mandate Agreement and any other mandate 
agreements that the Covered Bond Guarantor may enter, from time to time, into for the supply 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor of certain services due under the Swap Agreements pursuant 
to the EMIR Regulation. 
Swap Service Providers means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party that has entered or will 
enter, from time to time, into a Swap Service Agreement. 
Swap Transaction has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the General Description of 
the Programme. 
T2 Settlement Day has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Tests has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Tranche has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Transaction Documents has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Transfer Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Usury Law means the Italian law No. 108 of March 7, 1996, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time.  
Zero Coupon Covered Bond has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 437 ---
437 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
 
Piazza San Carlo 156 
 
 
10121 Turin 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
GUARANTOR 
 
 
ISP CB Ipotecario S.r.l. 
 
 
Via Monte di Pietà 8 
 
 
20121 Milan 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
One Molesworth Street 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Via Verdi 11 
Dublin 2 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
D02RF29  
Ireland 
20121 Milan 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Via Manzoni 4 
 
DO2RF29 
20121 Milan 
 
 
Ireland  
 
 
 
 
 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A. 
 
Via Vittor Pisani 27 
 
 
20124 Milan 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
PAYING AGENT 
 
 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
 
 
Piazza del Calendario 3 
 
 
20100 Milan 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank 
Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad 
Adenauer, Luxembourg L-
1115 
Luxembourg

--- Page 438 ---
438 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arrangers and the 
Dealers as to English and 
Italian law 
 
To the Issuer as to English 
and Italian law 
Studio Legale Associato in 
associazione con Clifford 
Chance 
 
Hogan Lovells Studio 
Legale 
 
 
 
Via Broletto 16 
 
 
20121 Milan 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
Via Marche, 1-3 
00187 – Rome 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR  
 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 – Milan 
Italy