--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 23 DECEMBER 2021 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€55,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
unsecured and unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
ISP OBG S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
The €55,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) has been established by 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (Intesa Sanpaolo, the Bank or the Issuer) for the issuance of obbligazioni bancarie garantite (the Covered Bonds) 
guaranteed by ISP OBG S.r.l pursuant to Article 7-bis of law of 30 April 1999, No. 130 (Law 130) and regulated by the Decree of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310 (the MEF Decree) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating to covered 
bonds under Third Part, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 dated 17 December 2013, containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche" as further 
implemented and amended (the BoI OBG Regulations and, together with Law 130 and the MEF Decree, the OBG Regulations). 
ISP OBG S.r.l. (ISP OBG or the Covered Bond Guarantor) issued a first demand (a prima richiesta), autonomous, unconditional and irrevocable 
(irrevocabile) guarantee (garanzia autonoma) securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (the Covered Bond 
Guarantee), in accordance with the prozvisions of Law 130 and of the MEF Decree. The obligation of payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
shall be limited recourse to the Portfolio and the Available Funds (as defined in the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), which is the competent authority 
under Regulation EU 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as a base prospectus for the purpose of article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the 
Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus. Potential investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
Covered Bonds.  
Application has also been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 (twelve) months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. As referred to in Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on 
prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019, by approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds (until 23 December 2022) which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of  
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the section headed "Glossary", unless otherwise defined in 
the specific section of this Base Prospectus in which they are used. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currencies, including Euro, UK Sterling, Swiss Franc, Japanese Yen 
and US Dollar. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, annually or on such other basis as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in arrears at fixed or floating rate, increased or decreased by a margin. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a discounted 
price with no interest accruing and repayable at nominal value (zero-coupon Covered Bonds). 
The terms of each Series will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Series prepared in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus 
and, if listed, to be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Series. 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing on the official list and trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/UE. In addition, the Issuer and each Relevant Dealer named under 
the section headed "Subscription and Sale" may agree to make an application to list a Series on any other stock exchange as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on an unlisted basis. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be held in dematerialised form. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form 
will be held on behalf of their ultimate owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Monte Titoli) for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Bruxelles as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855, Luxembourg (Clearstream). Each Series of Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be deposited with Monte 
Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined in the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"). Monte Titoli shall act as depositary 
for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Covered 
Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (the Financial Law) and implementing regulation and with the joint regulation of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (CONSOB) and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or such other reference rate, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI, as administrator of EURIBOR) is 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).

--- Page 2 ---
Before the Maturity Date the Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set 
out in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Each Series is expected, upon the relevant issue, to be assigned a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS). 
Conditions precedent to the issuance of any Series include that a rating letter assigning the rating to such Series of Covered Bonds is issued by the 
Rating Agency. Whether or not the credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the EU CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the Final Terms. In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) is obliged to maintain on its website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation. 
The 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(the 
FCA) 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/search?q=fitch&type=Companies), a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject to revision or withdrawal by the Rating 
Agency. 
For a discussion of certain risks and other factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered  Bonds, see the 
section headed "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section headed “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Arrangers 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo, Barclays and Intesa Sanpaolo 
Dealers 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo and Intesa Sanpaolo

--- Page 3 ---
1 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ................................................................................................. 2 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS.......................................................................................................................... 37 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................. 64 
REGULATORY SECTION ..........................................................................................................111 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLERS ..............................................................................................131 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BOND GUARANTOR............................................................132 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR .................................................................................138 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO ..........................................................................................139 
COLLECTION AND RECOVERY PROCEDURES ........................................................................142 
CREDIT STRUCTURE................................................................................................................173 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS................................................................................................181 
USE OF PROCEEDS...................................................................................................................199 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ..............................................................200 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ...................................................................................217 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .............................................................225 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS ......................................267 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS...........................................................................................................290 
TAXATION ...............................................................................................................................305 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.......................................................................................................315 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................321 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................326 
SUPPLEMENTS 
TO 
THE 
BASE 
PROSPECTUS, 
FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER 
PROSPECTUSES .......................................................................................................................334 
GLOSSARY...............................................................................................................................335

--- Page 4 ---
2 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
containted in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect the importance of such information. 
ISP OBG S.r.l. accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the section 
headed “Description of the Covered Bond Guarantor” and any other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus relating to itself. To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, those parts of this Base 
Prospectus for which ISP OBG S.r.l. is responsible are in accordance with the facts and makes no omission 
likely to affect the importance of such information. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the Covered Bond Guarantor and of the rights attaching 
to the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto along with 
any document incorporated herein by reference (see the section headed "Documents incorporated by 
reference") and, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, with the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the section headed 
“Glossary of terms”, unless otherwise defined in the single section of this Base Prospectus in which they are 
used. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding 
markets and market share of the Issuer or the Group are either derived from, or are based on, internal data or 
publicly available data from external sources. In addition, the sources for the rating information set out in the 
sections headed “Ratings” of this Base Prospectus are the following rating agencies: Fitch Ratings Limited, 
Moody’s France S.A.S., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and DBRS Ratings GmbH (each as defined 
below). In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external sources 
used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by such sources. 
The Issuer and, with respect to the information relating to itself only, the Covered Bond Guarantor, have 
confirmed to the Dealer(s) (i) that this Base Prospectus contains all information with regard to the Issuer and 
the Covered Bonds which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Covered 
Bonds thereunder; (ii) that the information contained herein is accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading; (iii) that any opinions and intentions expressed by it herein are honestly held and based on 
reasonable assumptions; (iv) that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer, the omission of which 
would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or any statement therein or opinions or intentions expressed 
therein misleading in any material respect; and (v) that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor to disclose any information 
or to make any representation which is not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any 
other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such 
other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any party to the Transaction 
Documents.

--- Page 5 ---
3 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any offer or sale made in connection therewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its date of publication and it and any supplement 
hereto as well as any Final Terms filed within such 12 months reflect the status as of their respective dates of 
issue. 
Neither the Dealer(s), the Arrangers nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, with exception of the 
Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Asset Monitor (only with respect to the section "Description of 
the Asset Monitor"), is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any document 
incorporated herein by reference, or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms or any document 
incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the 
information contained in any of these documents. 
Neither the Dealer(s), nor the Arrangers have separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Dealer(s) or the Arrangers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Dealer(s) or the Arrangers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the 
Dealer(s) or the Arrangers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any 
investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealer(s) or the Arrangers. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Any persons into possession of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealer(s) to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Covered 
Bonds, see the section headed "Subscription and Sale" of this Base Prospectus. In particular, the Covered 
Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
of America or to U.S. persons.  
Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Covered Bonds to or through one or more underwriters, dealers and 
agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly to purchasers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) constitutes, 
nor may they be used for the purpose of, an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such 
offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms is required and shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Where a claim relating to the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a member State of the European Economic Area (a Member 
State), the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the Member State where the claim is brought, be 
required to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published.

--- Page 6 ---
4 
 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to €, euro or Euro are to the single currency introduced at the beginning 
of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended; references to U.S.$ or U.S. Dollar are to the currency of the Unites States 
of America; references to £ or UK Sterling are to the currency of the United Kingdom; references to Swiss 
Franc are to the currency of the Swiss Confederation; references to Japanese Yen are to the currency of the 
State of Japan; references to Italy are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and regulations are, unless 
otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references to billions are to thousands of 
millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded 
them.  
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase 
of such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, in 
connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other 
transfer restrictions in certain cases.  
The Arrangers are acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be 
responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Joint 
Arrangers or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer (if any) which 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager (the Stabilising Manager) or any 
person acting for the Stabilising Manager may over-allot any such Series or Tranche or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price such Series or Tranche at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there may be no obligation on the 
Stabilising Manager (or any agent of the Stabilising Manager) to do this. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series or Tranche and 60 days after the date of 
the allotment of any such Series or Tranche. Such stabilising shall be in compliance with all applicable 
laws, regulations and rules. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Cover Bonds include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 (IDD), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Cover Bonds includes a 
legend entitled Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors, the Cover Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Cover

--- Page 7 ---
5 
 
 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Cover Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Cover Bonds will 
include a legend entitled UK MiFIR Product Governance which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Cover Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Cover Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Cover Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Cover Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any 
Cover Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Cover Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules.

--- Page 8 ---
6 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section contains a general description of the Programme pursuant to Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and, as such, does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions 
of any Series or Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should 
carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making an investment 
decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered condition are to such 
condition in "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below. 
Structure Diagram 
Structure Diagram 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo  
 
 
 
 
Asset Hedging  
Counterparty 
ISP OBG S.r.l. 
Guarantor 
Intesa Sanpaolo  
 
 
Subordinated Loan 
Provider 
Issuer 
Investors 
Bank of Italy  
Supervision 
Banca Finint S.p.A. 
Calculation Agent  
Deloitte&Touche 
S.p.A. 
Asset Monitor
Liability Hedging 
Counterparty 
(if any) 
Intesa Sanpaolo  
 
 
 
Seller 
Servicer 
Cover Pool 
Revenues 
Euribor + 
Margin 
Transfers of  
Assets 
Purchase  
price 
Subordinated 
loan 
Repayment of 
Subordinated 
loan 
Proceeds 
OBG 
Liability Swap 
Covered 
bond  
Guarantee

--- Page 9 ---
7 
 
1. 
PRINCIPAL PARTIES 
Issuer 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a bank organised as a joint stock company under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 
156, 10121, Turin, Italy and secondary office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121, 
Milan, Italy, incorporated with Fiscal Code number and registration number 
with the Turin Register of Enterprises 00799960158, delegate of Intesa 
Sanpaolo Banking Group VAT under number 11991500015, enrolled under 
number 5361 in the register of banks held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act, holding company of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Banking Group, enrolled in the register of banking groups held by 
the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act (the 
Issuer or Intesa Sanpaolo). 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group means Intesa Sanpaolo and each of its consolidated 
subsidiaries. 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor 
ISP OBG S.r.l., a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) incorporated in the Republic of Italy pursuant to article 7-bis of 
Law 130, with share capital equal to Euro 42,038.00 (fully paid up) whose 
registered office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan, Italy, enrolled with 
the Companies' Register of Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi, under No. 
05936010965, belonging to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, subject to the 
direction and coordination (direzione e coordinamento), pursuant to Article 
2497-bis of the Italian Civil Code, of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Covered 
Bond Guarantor). 
 
The share capital of the Covered Bond Guarantor is 60 per cent. owned by 
the Issuer and 40 per cent. owned by Stichting Viridis 2. 
Sellers 
Intesa Sanpaolo, in its capacity as seller under the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
 
Additional Sellers (as defined below), as from the date of accession to the 
Master Transfer Agreement (each a Seller, and jointly, the Sellers). 
Arrangers 
Intesa Sanpaolo and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, a public limited 
company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered number 
396330 and having its registered office at One Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, 
Ireland, D02 RF29 (Barclays) (collectively, the Arrangers). 
Dealer 
As of the date hereof, Intesa Sanpaolo (the Dealer), and any entity so 
appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Servicer  
Intesa Sanpaolo, in its capacity as servicer under the Servicing Agreement 
and the Additional Servicers (as defined below), as from the date of 
accession to the Servicing Agreement (each a Servicer, and jointly, the 
Servicers). 
Master Servicer 
Intesa Sanpaolo, in its capacity as master servicer under the Servicing 
Agreement (the Master Servicer). 
Special Servicers 
Intesa Sanpaolo (the First Special Servicer). 
 
Any servicer, other than Intesa Sanpaolo, which is appointed by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor as second special servicer (the Second Special Servicer). 
 
Administrative 
Services Provider 
Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as administrative services provider under the 
Administrative 
Services 
Agreement 
(the Administrative Services 
Provider). 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank other than the Sellers and the Servicers, being a member of the

--- Page 10 ---
8 
 
Additional Servicers Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which may sell Eligible Assets or Integration Assets 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor, pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, 
and that, for such purpose, shall, inter alia, accede to (i) the Master Transfer 
Agreement, (ii) the Servicing Agreement, (iii) the Intercreditor Agreement 
and execute the other Transaction Documents executed by the Sellers and the 
Servicers (each an Additional Seller or Additional Servicer). 
Portfolio Manager 
The entity to be appointed under the Portfolio Administration Agreement in 
order to carry out certain activities in connection with the sale of Eligible 
Assets, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default (the Portfolio Manager).  
Asset Monitor 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, with registered office at Via Tortona, No. 25, 20144 Milan, 
Italy, with Fiscal Code, VAT number and registration number with the 
Register of Enterprises of Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi No. 03049560166, 
enrolled under No. 132587 with the register of accounting firms held by 
Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze pursuant to article 2 of the Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and related regulations issued 
by Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (the Asset Monitor).  
Cash Manager 
Intesa Sanpaolo, through its branch located at Via Verdi 8, Milan, in its 
capacity as cash manager under the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the Cash Manager). 
Account Banks 
Intesa Sanpaolo, through its branches located at Via Verdi 8, Milan and Via 
Langhirano 1, Parma. 
Crédit Agricole - Corporate and Investment Bank, a bank incorporated 
under the laws of France with its registered offices at 9, Quai du Président 
Paul Doumer, 92920 Paris La Défense Cedex, registered with the Registre du 
Commerce et des Sociétés de Nanterre with no. SIREN 304 187 701, share 
capital Euro 7,327,121,031, acting through its Milan Branch with offices at 
Piazza Cavour 2, 20121 Milan, Italy, enrolled in the register of banks held by 
the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 13 of the Banking Law under number 
5276 (CACIB and, together with Intesa Sanpaolo, the Account Banks and 
each an Account Bank). 
Receivables Account 
Banks 
Intesa Sanpaolo, through its branch located at Via Verdi 8, Milan, and, from 
the date of its appointment, any other bank which may accede to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement as Additional Receivables Account 
Bank (the Receivables Account Banks).  
 
Calculation Agent 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., breviter Banca Finint S.p.A., a 
bank incorporated under the laws of Italy as a “società per azioni”, with a 
sole shareholder, having its registered office in Via V. Alfieri,1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV), Italy, share capital of Euro 71,817,500.00 fully paid up, tax 
code and enrolment in the Companies’ Register of Treviso-Belluno number 
04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA FININT S.P.A.” - VAT number 
04977190265, registered in the Register of the Banks under number 5580 
pursuant to article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act and in the Register of 
the Banking groups as Parent Company of the Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale Banking Group, member of the “Fondo Interbancario di 
Tutela dei Depositi” and of the “Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia”.  
Asset Hedging 
Counterparty 
Intesa Sanpaolo as asset hedging counterparty at the date hereof, and any 
other party (each, an Asset Hedging Counterparty) that, from time to time, 
will enter into an Asset Swap with the Covered Bond Guarantor for the 
hedging of currency and/or interest rate risk on the Portfolio.

--- Page 11 ---
9 
 
Paying Agent 
Intesa Sanpaolo, in its capacity as paying agent of the Covered Bonds under 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the Paying Agent).  
Luxembourg Listing 
Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., whose registered office is at 2 
Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, Luxembourg L-1115 a bank incorporated 
under the laws of Luxembourg, in its capacity as Luxembourg listing agent 
under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent). 
Swap Service 
Providers 
Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party (each, a Swap Service Provider) that 
has entered or will enter, from time to time, into a Swap Service Agreement. 
Representative of 
the Covered 
Bondholders  
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., in its own capacity and as 
representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders).  
Rating Agency 
DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS or the Rating Agency). 
Ownership or 
control relationships 
between the 
principal parties 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect ownership or 
control relationships exist between the principal parties described above in 
this section, other than the relationships existing between Intesa Sanpaolo (as 
Issuer and in its other roles as indicated above)and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, all of which pertain to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
2. 
THE COVERED BONDS AND THE PROGRAMME 
Programme 
Description 
€55,000,000,000.00 Covered Bond Programme. 
Programme Amount Up to €55,000,000,000.00 (and for this purpose, any Covered Bonds 
denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of 
the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate used 
shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of 
Covered Bonds outstanding (the Programme Limit). The Programme Limit 
may be increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement and, 
according to Article 18, letter (i) of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 2019, the Issuer will publish a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. 
Distribution of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis, in each case only in accordance with the relevant selling restrictions. 
Selling Restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the distribution of 
offering material in certain jurisdictions may be subject to certain selling 
restrictions. Persons who are in possession of this Base Prospectus are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) and the Arrangers to inform themselves 
about, and to observe, any such restriction. The Covered Bonds have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Subject to certain exceptions, the 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to US persons. There are further restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European 
Economic Area (including the Republic of Ireland, Germany and the 
Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom and Japan. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see the section headed "Subscription and Sale" 
below. 
Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Covered Bonds to or through one or 
more underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly 
to purchasers. 
Currencies 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in Euro, UK Sterling, Swiss Franc,

--- Page 12 ---
10 
 
Japanese Yen and US Dollar, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or in 
any other currency, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer(s) (each a Specified Currency), subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, in which 
case the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or the Issuer may enter into certain 
agreements in order to hedge inter alia its currency exchange exposure in 
relation to such Covered Bonds. Payments in respect of Covered Bonds may, 
subject to such compliance, be made in or linked to, any currency other than 
the currency in which such Covered Bonds are denominated. 
Denominations 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal or regulatory or central bank 
requirements (see Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title)).  
Minimum 
Denomination 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond will be €100,000 (or, 
where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency), in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche may be issued at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (in each case, the Issue Price for such Series or 
Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Dealer Agreement (each, the Issue Date in relation to 
such Series). 
First Issue Date 
The date on which the Issuer issues the first Series of Covered Bonds (the 
First Issue Date). 
CB Payment Date 
Any date specified as such in, or determined in accordance with, the 
provisions of the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, subject in each 
case, to the extent provided in the relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention (each such date, a 
CB Payment Date). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in the case 
of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on (but excluding) the next CB Payment Date (or, in the case of the last CB 
Interest Period, the Maturity Date) (each such period, a CB Interest Period). 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
In relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date of such 
Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms (Interest Commencement 
Date). 
Form of Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued and will be held in dematerialised form or 
in any other form as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Covered Bonds issued in bearer form and in dematerialised form 
(emesse in forma dematerializzata) will be held on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. Each such Series or 
Tranche will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date. 
Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. The 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be evidenced 
by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book-entries in 
accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the Financial 
Law and the relevant implementing regulations and (ii) Regulation 13 
August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August

--- Page 13 ---
11 
 
2018. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered 
Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Types of Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds may be repayable 
in one or more instalments, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series shall be comprised of 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate Covered Bonds only or 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds only or such other Covered Bonds accruing 
interest on such other basis and at such other rate as may be so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms only. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: fixed interest on the Covered Bonds will be 
payable in accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on such date as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided for in 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear 
interest at a rate determined in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealers for each Series of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
 
Amortising Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds may be issued with a predefined, 
prescheduled amortisation schedule where, in addition to interest, the Issuer 
will pay, on each relevant CB Payment Date, a portion of principal up to the 
relevant Maturity Date (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) in 
instalments. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered 
and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from each 
other, subject to the terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will not be fungible among 
themselves. Each Series may be issued in more than one Tranche which are 
identical in all respects, but having, inter alia, different issue dates, interest 
commencement dates, issue prices, dates for first interest payments, maturity 
dates and may be issued in different currencies (provided that Tranches 
issued in different currencies will not be fungible among themselves). The 
Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent of the holders of 
any outstanding Covered Bonds, but subject to certain conditions (see 
"Conditions Precedent to the Issuance of a new series of Covered Bonds" 
below).  
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance with the 
generally applicable terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the 
Conditions) prior to the issue of each Series detailing certain relevant terms 
thereof which, for the purposes of that Series only, complete the Conditions 
and the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus (such specific final terms, the Final Terms). The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Series are the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Interest on the 
Covered Bonds 
Except for Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, and unless otherwise specified in 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Covered Bonds will be 
interest-bearing and interest will be calculated on the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Covered Bonds. Interest will be calculated on the

--- Page 14 ---
12 
 
basis of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the Conditions and in 
the relevant Final Terms. Interest may accrue on the Covered Bonds at a 
fixed rate or a floating rate or on such other basis and at such rate as may be 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series. 
Interest Rate 
Conversion 
The relevant Final Terms may specify, with respect to a Series of Covered 
Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, that, in the event such Covered 
Bonds are not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date, the interest rate payable 
on such Covered Bonds converts to a floating rate index plus a conversion 
margin in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption of the 
Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified 
instalments, if applicable, or in other specified cases, e.g. taxation reasons, or 
Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default, as specified in the paragraph 
Early Redemption of the Covered Bonds below), or (b) that such Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds (the Covered Bondholders), or at the option of the 
Covered Bondholders upon deposit of a notice by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, with the 
Paying Agent, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase) and of the relevant Final Terms, (i) on a date or dates specified 
prior to such maturity and (ii) at a price or prices, and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealers (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
With respect to any Series of Covered Bonds, the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Final Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, will be equal to the principal amount of such Series. 
Early Redemption 
of the Covered 
Bonds 
In certain circumstances indicated under the Conditions (including an early 
redemption (i) for tax reasons or illegality, or (ii) following a delivery by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice upon the Covered Bond Guarantor), the Covered Bonds 
may be early redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount.  
 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Gross Up and 
Redemption for 
taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the Issuer will be 
made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
Italy, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation).  
In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 10 (Taxation), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. In such 
circumstances and provided that such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable (in whole, but not in part) at the option of the Issuer. See 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA, as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount 
due to taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default.

--- Page 15 ---
13 
 
Maturity Date 
The final maturity date for each Series (the Maturity Date) will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and in any event the determination of the 
Maturity Date will be subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant regulatory body 
or by any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the currency of the 
Covered Bonds. Unless previously redeemed as provided in Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase), and subject to any provision regarding 
extendable maturity which may be included in the Final Terms, the Covered 
Bonds of each Series will be redeemed at their Outstanding Principal Balance 
(as defined in the Conditions) on the relevant Maturity Date.  
Extendable 
Maturity  
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to pay all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date may be deferred to a later 
date pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity) (the Extended 
Maturity Date). Such deferral may occur, if so stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, automatically if: 
 
(a) 
an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and  
 
(b) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor has, on the date falling four Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date (the Extension Determination 
Date), insufficient Available Funds (in accordance with the Post-
Issuer Default Priority of Payments) to pay in full any amount 
representing the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the amount 
due (subject to the applicable grace period) in respect of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bond as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Final Redemption Amount) on the Maturity Date (a Maturity 
Extension). 
 
In these circumstances, to the extent that the Covered Bond Guarantor has 
sufficient Available Funds to pay in part the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall make partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount, in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments, 
without any preference among the Covered Bonds outstanding, except in 
respect of maturities of each Series or Tranche. 
 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that, any amount representing 
the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity 
Date may be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor on any CB Payment Date 
thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest 
will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amount up to the 
Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Extension of 
maturity). 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a 
consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of 
the suspension period and withdrawal of the Article 74 Notice to Pay, the 
Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under  
any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which a Maturity Extension has 
occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for payment by no 
later than 15 calendar days following the day on which the Article 74 Notice 
to Pay has been withdrawn.  
Ranking of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer – guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor by 
means of the Covered Bond Guarantee – and will rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves, except in respect of maturities of each

--- Page 16 ---
14 
 
Series or Tranche, and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured, unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer having the same maturity of each Series or Tranche 
of the Covered Bonds, from time to time outstanding. 
Recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130 and the 
MEF Decree and with the terms and conditions of the relevant Transaction 
Documents, the Covered Bondholders will benefit from full recourse to the 
Issuer and limited recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor (see the section 
headed "Credit Structure"). The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the Available 
Funds. 
Substitution of the 
Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may (and in the case of an 
Approved Reorganisation, shall) agree with the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) and the Covered Bond Guarantor at any time without the consent 
of the Covered Bondholders: 
 
(a) 
to the substitution in place of Intesa Sanpaolo (or of any previous 
substitute) as principal debtor under the Covered Bonds by any bank 
Subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo (the Substitute Obligor) by way of an 
obligation transfer agreement without recourse to the Issuer (accollo 
liberatorio); or  
 
(b) 
to an Approved Reorganisation; or 
 
(c) 
that Intesa Sanpaolo (or any previous substitute) may, other than by 
means of an Approved Reorganisation, consolidate with, merge into 
or amalgamate with any successor company, 
 
provided that: 
 
(i) 
the obligations of the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity 
under the Covered Bonds shall be irrevocably and unconditionally 
guaranteed by Intesa Sanpaolo or its successor company (on like 
terms as to subordination, if applicable, to those of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee);  
 
(ii) 
(other than in the case of an Approved Reorganisation) the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders is satisfied that the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders will not be materially 
prejudiced thereby; 
 
(iii) 
the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity agrees, in form and 
manner satisfactory to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, to be bound by the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and all the Transaction Documents in respect of any 
Series of Covered Bonds still outstanding, by means of executing 
agreements and documents substantially in the same form and 
substance of the Transaction Documents; and 
 
(iv) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is satisfied that (a) 
the Resulting Entity or Substituted Obligor has obtained all 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for its 
assumption of liability as principal debtor in respect of the Covered 
Bonds in place of the Issuer (or such previous substitute as 
aforesaid), and (b) such approvals and consents are, at the time of 
substitution, Approved Reorganisation or consolidation, merger, 
amalgamation other than by means of an Approved Reorganisation, 
as the case may be, in full force and effect. 
 
Upon the assumption of the obligations of the Issuer by a Substitute Obligor 
or a Resulting Entity or a successor company, Intesa Sanpaolo shall have no

--- Page 17 ---
15 
 
further liabilities under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Any substitution as described above shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Rating Agency. 
Provisions of 
Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to them. In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of 
holding Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of 
each of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a signatory 
thereto. 
Conditions 
Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new 
Series of Covered 
Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) at its option, on any date and 
without the consent of the holders of the Covered Bonds issued beforehand 
and of any other creditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor or of the Issuer, to 
issue further Series of Covered Bonds other than the first issued Series, 
subject to, inter alia: 
 
(i) 
issuance of a rating letter by the Rating Agency with respect to such 
further issue of Covered Bonds, unless the Covered Bonds issued 
under such further issue are unrated; 
(ii) 
satisfaction of the Mandatory Tests both before and immediately 
after such further issue of Covered Bonds; 
 
(iii) 
compliance with (a) the requirements of issuing/assigning banks 
(Requisiti delle banche emittenti e/o cedenti; see Third Part, Chapter 
3, Section II, Para. 1 of the BoI OBG Regulations; the Conditions to 
the Issue) and (b) the limits to the assignment of further assets set 
forth by the BoI OBG Regulations (Limiti alla cessione; see Third 
Part, Section II, Chapter 3, Para. 2 of the BoI OBG Regulations; the 
Limits to the Assignment), if applicable; 
 
(iv) 
no Article 74 Event having occurred (and being continuing); 
 
(v) 
no Issuer Event of Default having occurred; and 
 
(vi) 
the Reserve Fund Required Amount, the Liability Swap Principal 
Accumulation Account and the Interest Accumulation Amount (if 
and to the extent due) have been credited on the Investment Account, 
on the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date. 
 
The payment obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under all Series 
shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Portfolio, 
through the Covered Bond Guarantee (see also the section headed "Ranking 
of the Covered Bonds"). 
Approval, listing 
and admission to 
trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus 
issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list 
and to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market or as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and references to listing shall be construed accordingly. As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Covered Bonds may be 
unlisted. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Covered 
Bonds are to be listed and, if so, on which stock exchange(s).

--- Page 18 ---
16 
 
Settlement 
Monte Titoli / Euroclear / Clearstream or any other clearing system as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds, the Programme and the other Italian Law Transaction 
Documents are governed by Italian law; the English Law Transaction 
Documents are governed by English law.  
 
Rating 
Each Series issued under the Programme may be assigned a rating by the 
Rating Agency. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Covered 
Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
 
All credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Rating Agency 
Confirmation 
The issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the increase of the Programme Limit, may be 
subject to Rating Agency’s confirmation. 
 
By subscribing for or purchasing the Covered Bond(s), each Covered 
Bondholder will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that a credit 
rating of a Series of Covered Bonds is an assessment of credit risk and does 
not address other matters that may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders, 
including, without limitation, in the case of a Rating Agency’s confirmation, 
whether such action is either (i) permitted by the terms of the relevant 
Transaction Document, or (ii) in the best interest of, or not prejudicial to, 
some or all of the Covered Bondholders. 
 
In being entitled to have regard to the fact that the Rating Agency has 
confirmed that the then current rating of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds would not be adversely affected or withdrawn, each of the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors is deemed to have 
acknowledged and agreed that a Rating Agency’s confirmation does not 
impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on the Rating Agency to 
the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors or 
any other person or create any legal relations between the Rating Agency and 
the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered

--- Page 19 ---
17 
 
Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors or 
any other person whether by way of contract or otherwise. 
 
By subscribing for or purchasing the Covered Bond(s), each Covered 
Bondholder will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that: 
 
(a) 
a Rating Agency’s confirmation may or may not be given at the sole 
discretion of the Rating Agency; 
 
(b) 
depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any 
information needed to be provided as part of any such request, it may 
be the case that the Rating Agency cannot provide a Rating Agency’s 
confirmation in the time available, or at all, and the Rating Agency 
will not be responsible for the consequences thereof; 
 
(c) 
a Rating Agency’s confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis 
of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, and in 
the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the 
Covered Bonds form a part; and 
 
(d) 
a Rating Agency’s confirmation represents only a restatement of the 
opinions given, and will not be construed as advice for the benefit of 
any Covered Bondholder or any other party. 
Purchase of the 
Covered Bonds by 
the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price. If the purchase is made by tender, tenders must 
be available to all holders of the Series which the Issuer intends to buy. 
3. 
COVERED BOND GUARANTEE 
Security for the 
Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, by virtue of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the 
Covered Bondholders will benefit from a guarantee issued by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor which will, in turn, hold the Portfolio consisting of some or 
all of the following assets:  
 
(a) 
residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) that have a 
loan to value (LTV) that does not exceed 80 per cent. and for which 
the hardening period with respect to the perfection of the relevant 
mortgage has elapsed; 
 
(b) 
commercial mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari commerciali) that have 
a LTV that does not exceed 60 per cent. and for which the hardening 
period with respect to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has 
elapsed;  
 
(c) 
(i) receivables whose debtors or guarantors (pursuant to a “guarantee 
valid for the purpose of credit risk mitigation” (garanzia valida ai 
fini della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as defined by Article 1, 
paragraph 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree) are (a) public 
administrations of Eligible States, including therein any Ministries, 
municipalities (enti pubblici territoriali), national or local entities 
and other public bodies, which attract a risk weighting factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to the EC Directive 2006/48 
regulation under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk 
measurement; (b) public administrations of States other than Eligible 
States which attract a risk weighting factor equal to 0 per cent. under 
the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement, 
municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying out 
economic activities (organismi pubblici non economici) of States 
other than Eligible States which attract a risk weight factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to the EC Directive 2006/48 
regulation under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk 
measurement; and (ii) securities issued or guaranteed by the public

--- Page 20 ---
18 
 
entities referred to under paragraph (i) above. 
 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will be obliged to pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds 
on the relevant Due for Payment Date and in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments.  
 
In view of ensuring timely payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor, a 
Notice to Pay will be served on the same as a consequence of an Issuer Event 
of Default. 
 
The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall constitute a first demand, unconditional and independent 
guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and certain provisions of Italian civil code 
relating to non-autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), specified in 
the MEF Decree, shall not apply. Accordingly, such obligation shall be a 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligation of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, with limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective of any 
invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the guaranteed 
obligations of the Issuer.  
Temporary transfer 
of payment 
obligations to the 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor 
If an Article 74 Event occurs, the Covered Bond Guarantor, in accordance 
with Article 4, Paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during 
the Suspension Period and each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate 
against the Issuer. 
 
Following an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will serve an Article 74 Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor notifying that an Article 74 Event has occurred. 
Unless and until such Article 74 Notice to Pay has been withdrawn: 
 
(i) 
Temporary Acceleration against the Issuer: each Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and the Covered 
Bonds will rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, 
provided that: (a) such Article 74 Events shall not trigger an 
acceleration against the Covered Bond Guarantor, and (b) in 
accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall be responsible for the payments of the 
amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during the 
Suspension Period;  
 
(ii) 
Delegation: the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an 
exclusive basis, the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in the context of which the Covered Bondholders have 
irrevocably delegated – also in the interest and for the benefit of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor – to the Covered Bond Guarantor the 
exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the 
performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any 
acceleration of payment provisions provided under the Conditions or 
under the applicable legislation. For this purpose, upon request of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders shall provide the 
Covered Bond Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or 
mandates as the latter may deem necessary or expedient for taking 
all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct performance of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor's mandate.

--- Page 21 ---
19 
 
 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
has confirmed such delegation and waived any rights of the Covered 
Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take any such individual 
action against the Issuer; 
 
(iii) 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor: the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds on the 
Due for Payment Date in accordance with (i)(a) above and subject in 
any case to the provisions of the Conditions; and 
 
(iv) 
Mandatory Tests: the Mandatory Tests shall continue to be applied. 
 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period, the Article 74 Notice to Pay 
shall be withdrawn and the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the 
payment obligations under the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will no longer be deemed to be 
accelerated against the Issuer) in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
 
Suspension Period means the period of time following an Article 74 Event, 
in which the Covered Bond Guarantor, in accordance with the MEF Decree, 
shall be responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts due and 
payable within the entire period in which the suspension continues.  
Issuer Events of 
Default 
Each of the following events with respect to the Issuer shall constitute an 
Issuer Event of Default: 
 
(i) 
Non-payment: default is made by the Issuer for a period of 7 days or 
more in the payment of any principal or redemption amount, or for a 
period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest, on the 
Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche when due, unless an Article 
74 Event has occurred and the relevant suspension period is 
continuing; or 
 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer is in breach of material 
obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
or Tranche outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party (other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to 
ensure compliance of the Portfolio with the Tests)) and such failure 
remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer, 
certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the relevant Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
above occurs in respect of any other Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds; or 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer; or 
 
(v) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary 
business; or 
 
(vi) 
Breach of Mandatory Test: breach of any of the Mandatory Tests 
which is not remedied by the Calculation Date immediately 
following the notification of such breach. 
 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and Covered Bond 
Guarantor specifying that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred. Upon

--- Page 22 ---
20 
 
service of such Notice to Pay:  
 
(a) 
No further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not 
issue any further Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds; 
 
(b) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will 
rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that 
(i) such events shall not trigger an acceleration against the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, and (ii) in accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 3, 
of the MEF Decree and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the 
Transaction Documents, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall be solely 
responsible for the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders 
vis-à-vis the Issuer and any Excess Proceeds will be part of the 
Available Funds;  
 
(c) 
Delegation: the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an 
exclusive basis, the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, in the context of which the Covered Bondholders have 
irrevocably delegated – also in the interest and for the benefit of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor – to the Covered Bond Guarantor the 
exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the 
performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any 
acceleration of payment provisions provided under the Conditions 
and/or under the applicable legislation. For this purpose, upon 
request of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders shall 
provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with any powers of attorney 
and/or mandates as the latter may deem necessary or expedient for 
taking all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct 
performance of its mandate. 
 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
has confirmed such delegation and waived any rights of the Covered 
Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take any such individual 
action against the Issuer; 
 
(d) 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor: the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds on the 
Due for Payment Date in accordance with (b)(i) above and subject in 
any case to the provisions of the Conditions;  
 
(e) 
Disposal of Assets: the Servicers, or any other third party appointed 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and 
on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall sell the Eligible 
Assets and Integration Assets (other than cash deposits) included in 
the Portfolio in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement; 
 
(f) 
Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test shall be applied. 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor Events of 
Default 
Following an Issuer Event of Default, each of the following events shall 
constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default: 
 
(i) 
Non-payment: non-payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of 
principal and/or interest in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee,

--- Page 23 ---
21 
 
subject to a 15 day cure period in respect of principal or redemption 
amounts, and a 30 day cure period in respect of interest amounts or 
non-setting aside for payment of costs or amounts due to any 
Hedging Counterparties; 
 
(ii) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test is breached; 
 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligations: breach by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
of any material obligation under the Transaction Document to which 
the Covered Bond Guarantor is a party (other than a payment 
obligation referred in (i) above), which is not remedied within 30 
days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice of such breach to the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor; 
 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond 
Guarantee is not in full force and effect or it is claimed by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor not to be in full force and effect. 
 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and, upon 
service of such Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice: 
 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will accelerate against the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
becoming immediately due and payable, and the Covered Bonds will 
rank pari passu amongst themselves; 
 
(ii) 
Disposal of assets: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
direct the Servicers, or any other third party appointed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to sell all assets 
included in the Portfolio in accordance with the provisions of the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement; and 
 
(iii) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, 
at its discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit, but it shall not be 
bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless requested or 
authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Cross Acceleration 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default is triggered with respect to a 
Series, all outstanding series of Covered Bonds will cross accelerate at the 
same time against the Covered Bond Guarantor, provided that the Covered 
Bonds will not otherwise contain a cross default provision and will thus not 
cross accelerate against the Covered Bond Guarantor in case of an Issuer 
Event of Default. 
Pre-Issuer Default 
Interest Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 Notice 
to Pay or a Notice to Pay (or following the withdrawal of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay), the Covered Bond Guarantor will use Interest Available 
Funds to make payments due on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make 
provisions towards payments due after such Guarantor Payment Date in the 
order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full) (the Pre-Issuer 
Default Interest Priority of Payments): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective

--- Page 24 ---
22 
 
amounts thereof any and all taxes due and payable by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor;  
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Covered Bond Guarantor’s documented fees, 
costs, expenses, in order to preserve its corporate existence, to 
maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation and any other obligation relating to the Programme, to the 
extent that such costs and expenses are not to be paid under any other 
item ranking junior hereto and/or are not met by utilising any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account and/or the 
Corporate Account and (b) to credit the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Disbursement Amount into the Expenses Account and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor Retention Amount into the Corporate Account; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof any amount due and payable (including fees, costs 
and expenses) to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Account Banks, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Paying 
Agent, the Receivables Account Banks, the Master Servicer, the 
Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special 
Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the Swap Service Providers and the 
Special Servicers;  
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payments, other than in 
respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date, under the Asset Swaps, if any or applicable, (b) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and 
payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the Liability Swaps, 
if any or applicable; 
(v) 
fifth, to credit to the ISP Investment Account an amount equal to the 
Reserve Fund Required Amount; 
(vi) 
sixth, to credit to the Investment Account an amount equal to the 
amounts paid under item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Default Principal 
Priority of Payments on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date and 
not yet repaid; 
(vii) 
seventh, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, to credit all 
remaining Interest Available Funds to the Investment Account until 
such Servicer Termination Event is either remedied by the relevant 
Servicer or waived by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or a new servicer is appointed to service the Portfolio; 
(viii) 
eighth, if any of the Tests is not satisfied on the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date or an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default has occurred on or prior to such Guarantor Payment Date or 
the Issuer has not paid interest and principal due on the CB Payment 
Dates falling in the immediately preceding Guarantor Interest Period 
or on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to credit all remaining 
Interest Available Funds to the Investment Account until the 
following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay any amount arising out of any termination event under 
any Swap Agreements not provided for under item (iv) above;

--- Page 25 ---
23 
 
(x) 
tenth, to pay any other amount due and payable to the Sellers, the 
Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction 
Document (other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement);  
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof any amount due and payable as Base Interest 
Amount under the Subordinated Loans; 
(xii) 
 twelfth, to pay any Additional Interest Amount under the 
Subordinated Loans. 
 
Pre-Issuer Default 
Principal Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 Notice 
to Pay or a Notice to Pay (or following the withdrawal of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay), the Covered Bond Guarantor will use Principal Available 
Funds to make payments due on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make 
provisions towards payments due after such Guarantor Payment Date in the 
order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) to (iv) of the 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments, to the extent that the 
Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor 
Payment Date, to make such payments in full;  
 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of 
principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under 
the Asset Swaps and (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in 
respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date under the Liability Swaps or to credit to the Investment 
Account an amount equal to the Liability Swap Principal 
Accumulation Amount to be used for Hedging Senior Payment under 
the Liability Swaps after the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, the purchase price of the Eligible Assets and/or 
Integration Assets offered for sale by any of the Sellers or any 
Additional Sellers in the context of Revolving Assignment in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement;  
 
(iv) 
fourth, to deposit on the Investment Account any residual Principal 
Available Funds in an amount sufficient to ensure that, taking into 
account the other resources available to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Tests are met;  
 
(v) 
fifth, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, all residual 
Principal Available Funds to be credited to the Investment Account 
until such event of default of the relevant Servicer is either remedied 
by the relevant Servicer or waived by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or a new servicer is appointed to service the 
Portfolio; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, if any of the Tests is not satisfied on the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date or an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default has occurred on or prior to such Guarantor Payment Date or 
the Issuer has not paid interest and principal due on the CB Payment 
Dates falling in the immediately preceding Guarantor Interest Period 
or on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to credit all remaining 
Principal Available Funds to the Investment Account;

--- Page 26 ---
24 
 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay any amount arising out of any termination event 
under any Swap Agreements not provided for under item (ii) above; 
 
(viii) 
eight, to pay any other amount due and payable to the Sellers, the 
Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction 
Document (other than the Subordinated Loan Agreements) not 
already provided for under item (x) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay the amount (if any) due to the Seller as principal 
redemption under the Subordinated Loans (including as a 
consequence of richiesta di rimborso anticipato as indicated therein) 
provided that the Tests are still satisfied after such payment; 
 
(the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments). 
Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 Notice 
to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or an Issuer Event of Default, but 
prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make payments 
due on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make provisions towards 
payments due after such Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority set 
out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher 
priority have been made in full) (the Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payments): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any expenses and taxes, in order to preserve its 
corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply 
with applicable legislation; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Account Banks, the Cash Manager, 
the Administrative Services Provider, the Calculation Agent, the 
Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Paying Agent, the 
Receivables Account Banks, the Servicers, the Master Servicer, the 
Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special Servicer’s Delegates 
(if any), the Swap Service Providers and the Special Servicers, and 
(b) to credit the Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount into 
the Expenses Account and the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention 
Amount into the Corporate Account;  
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect 
of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, 
under the Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, 
other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Liability Swaps, where the Issuer does not 
serve as Hedging Counterparty, and (c) to pay any interest amount 
due and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds on each CB 
Payment Date falling on such Guarantor Payment Date or to credit to 
the Investment Account an amount equal to the Interest 
Accumulation Amount, to be used for any interest payment due on 
the CB Payment Dates falling during the immediately following 
Guarantor Interest Period (except if the relevant CB Payment Date 
falls on the first day of such immediately following Guarantor 
Interest Period), in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds;

--- Page 27 ---
25 
 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of 
principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under 
the Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, in respect 
of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under 
the Liability Swaps (if any) or to credit to the Investment Account an 
amount equal to the Liability Swap Principal Accumulation Amount 
to be used for Hedging Senior Payments under the Liability Swaps 
(if any) during the next following Guarantor Interest Period, and (c) 
to pay any amount in respect of principal due and payable on each 
Series of Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date falling on such 
Guarantor Payment Date or to credit to the Investment Account any 
amount in respect of principal to be paid on each CB Payment Dates 
falling during the next following Guarantor Interest Period; 
(v) 
fifth, to deposit on the Investment Account any residual amount until 
all Covered Bonds are fully repaid or an amount equal to the 
Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds 
outstanding has been accumulated; 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount arising out of any termination event 
under any Swap Agreement not provided for under items (iii) and 
(iv) above; 
(vii) 
seventh, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any 
Series have been repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding 
has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any other amount due and payable to 
the Sellers, the Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any 
Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement); 
(viii) 
eighth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any 
Series have been repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding 
has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as Base Interest 
Amount under the Subordinated Loans; 
(ix) 
ninth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any 
Series have been repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding 
has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as principal under 
the Subordinated Loans; 
(x) 
tenth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any 
Series have been repaid in full or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding 
has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as Additional 
Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loans. 
 
Post-Guarantor 
Default Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (or a 
receiver appointed on its behalf) will use the Available Funds to make 
payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to

--- Page 28 ---
26 
 
the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any expenses and taxes; 
 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, (a) to pay any amounts due and payable to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Account Banks, the 
Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Administrative Services 
Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Receivables 
Account Banks, the Servicers, the Master Servicer, the Special 
Servicers the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special 
Servicer’s Delegates (if any) and (b) to credit an amount up to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount into the Expenses 
Account and the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount into 
the Corporate Account; 
 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect 
of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, 
under the Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payments, 
other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Liability Swaps where the Issuer does not 
serve as Hedging Counterparty and (c) to pay any amount, other than 
in respect of principal, due and payable on each Series of Covered 
Bonds; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, (a) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of 
principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, under 
the Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any amount in respect of principal due 
and payable under each Series of Covered Bonds on such Guarantor 
Payment Date and (c) to pay any Hedging Senior Payments in 
respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date under the Liability Swaps (if any); 
 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount arising out of any termination event 
under any Swap Agreements not provided for under items (iii) and 
(iv) above; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any other amount due and payable to the Sellers, 
the Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction 
Document (other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due as Base Interest Amount under the 
Subordinated Loans; 
 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amounts due as principal under the 
Subordinated Loans; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due as Additional Interest Amount 
under the Subordinated Loans; 
 
 
(the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments and, together with the 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Pre-Issuer Default 
Interest Priority of Payments, the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments,

--- Page 29 ---
27 
 
are collectively referred to as the Priorities of Payments). 
4. 
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
Transfer of the 
Portfolio 
The Sellers and the Covered Bond Guarantor entered into the Master Transfer 
Agreement, pursuant to which (a) Intesa Sanpaolo and Banco di Napoli S.p.A. 
(which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, has been incorporated into 
Intesa Sanpaolo) transferred to the Covered Bond Guarantor the Initial 
Portfolio comprising certain Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans and (b) 
each Seller may assign and transfer Further Portfolios comprising Eligible 
Assets and/or Integration Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to 
time, in the cases and subject to the limits on the transfer of further Eligible 
Assets as provided for under the Master Transfer Agreement.  
 
Each assignment of a Further Portfolio shall be aimed at: 
 
 
issuing further Covered Bonds, to be funded through the amounts 
made available under the Subordinated Loan Agreement (an Issuance 
Collateralisation Assignment); or 
 
 
purchasing 
additional 
Eligible 
Assets 
utilising 
the 
principal 
Collections received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Eligible Assets which are part of the Portfolio in accordance with the 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments (a Revolving 
Assignment of Eligible Assets); or 
 
 
purchasing additional Eligible Assets or Integration Assets, utilising 
the principal Collections received by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the Integration Assets which are part of the Portfolio in 
accordance with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments 
(a Revolving Assignment of Integration Assets and, together with 
Revolving Assignments of Eligible Assets, Revolving Assignments); 
or 
 
 
complying with the Mandatory Tests, and preventing the breach of the 
Mandatory Tests, in accordance with the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement (an Integration Assignment), subject to the Integration 
Assets Limits. 
 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, and subject to the conditions 
provided therein, the Seller shall also be allowed to repurchase Receivables 
and/or Securities which have been assigned to the Covered Bond Guarantor.  
 
The Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets will be assigned and transferred 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor without recourse (pro soluto) and as a block 
(in blocco), in case of Receivables, in accordance with Law 130 and subject to 
the terms and conditions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Representations 
and Warranties of 
the Seller 
Under the Master Transfer Agreement, each Seller has made and will make 
certain representations and warranties regarding itself, the Receivables, the 
Securities respectively assigned by it to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Mortgage Loan Agreements including, inter alia:  
 
(i) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the Transaction 
Documents and assume the obligations expressed to be assumed by it 
therein; 
 
(ii) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of the 
obligations assumed by it; 
 
(iii) 
the existence of the Receivables and the Securities and the full, 
unconditional, legal title of the Seller to the Initial Portfolio; 
 
(iv) 
the validity and enforceability against the relevant Debtor of the

--- Page 30 ---
28 
 
obligations from which the Initial Portfolio arises, subject to the 
applicable provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements. 
General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables included in any Portfolio shall comply, as of the 
relevant Selection Date, with the following criteria (the General Criteria):  
 
(a) 
in case of Receivables arising from residential mortgage loans (mutui 
ipotecari residenziali): 
 
(i) 
receivables in respect of which the relevant principal amount 
outstanding, added to the principal amount outstanding of any 
preceding mortgage loans secured by the same property, does 
not exceed 80 per cent. of the value of the property; 
 
(ii) 
receivables in respect of which the hardening period (periodo 
di consolidamento) applicable to the relevant mortgage has 
elapsed and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being 
challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the Insolvency Law or, if 
applicable, Article 39, fourth paragraph of the Banking Law; 
 
(iii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are governed 
by Italian law; 
 
(iv) 
receivables which are not qualified as defaulted (in 
sofferenza), within the meaning ascribed to such term under 
the BoI Regulations; 
 
(v) 
receivables arising from loans guaranteed by a mortgage 
established on properties located in Italy;  
 
(vi) 
receivables arising from loans that, at the date of execution of 
the loan agreements, were denominated in Lire and/or Euro;  
 
(vii) 
receivables arising from loans that are not linked to foreign 
currencies; 
 
(viii) 
receivables arising from loans that have not been granted by 
using third parties' funds; 
 
(ix) 
receivables arising from loans that have not been granted 
through the issue of mortgage bonds (cartelle fondiarie);  
 
(x) 
receivables in relation to which the debtors are consumer or 
producer households (famiglie produttrici o consumatrici) 
(also acting in the form of informal partnership (società 
semplice and società di fatto) or individual concerns (impresa 
individuale)); 
 
(xi) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are fully 
disbursed; 
 
(xii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which do not provide 
for any subsidy or other benefit in relation to principal or 
interest (mutui agevolati); 
 
(xiii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans in relation to which 
the debtors are not employees of companies which are part of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, or jointly (in cointestazione) with 
them; 
 
or 
 
(b) 
in case of Receivables arising from commercial mortgage loans (mutui 
ipotecari commerciali): 
 
(i) 
receivables in respect of which the relevant principal amount

--- Page 31 ---
29 
 
outstanding, added to the principal amount outstanding of any 
preceding mortgage loans secured by the same property, does 
not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of the property; 
 
(ii) 
receivables in respect of which the hardening period (periodo 
di consolidamento) applicable to the relevant mortgage has 
elapsed and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being 
challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the Insolvency Law and, 
if applicable, of Article 39, fourth paragraph of the Banking 
Law; 
 
(iii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are governed 
by Italian law; 
 
(iv) 
receivables which are not qualified as defaulted (in 
sofferenza), within the meaning ascribed to such term under 
the BoI Regulations; 
 
(v) 
receivables arising from loans guaranteed by a mortgage 
established on properties located in Italy;  
 
(vi) 
receivables arising from loans that, at the date of execution of 
the loan agreements, were denominated in Lire and/or Euro;  
 
(vii) 
receivables arising from loans that are not linked to foreign 
currencies; 
 
(viii) 
receivables arising from loans that have not been granted by 
using third parties' funds; 
 
(ix) 
receivables arising from loans that have not been granted 
through the issue of mortgage bonds (cartelle fondiarie);  
 
(x) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are fully 
disbursed; 
 
(xi) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which do not provide 
for any subsidy or other benefit in relation to principal or 
interest (mutui agevolati); 
 
(xii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans in relation to which 
the debtors are not employees of companies which are part of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, or jointly (in cointestazione) with 
them; 
 
or 
 
(c) 
in case of Receivables arising from Public Loans: 
 
Receivables whose debtors or guarantors (pursuant to a “guarantee 
valid for the purpose of credit risk mitigation” (garanzia valida ai fini 
della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as defined by Article 1, 
paragraph 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree) are: 
 
(i) 
public administrations of Eligible States, including therein any 
Ministries, municipalities (enti pubblici territoriali), national 
or local entities and other public bodies, which attract a risk 
weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to the EC 
Directive 2006/48 regulation under the “Standardised 
Approach” to credit risk measurement;  
 
(ii) 
public administrations of States other than Eligible States 
which attract a risk weighting factor equal to 0 per cent. under 
the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement,  
 
(iii) 
municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying

--- Page 32 ---
30 
 
out economic activities (organismi pubblici non economici) of 
States other than Eligible States which attract a risk weight 
factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to the EC Directive 
2006/48 regulation under the “Standardised Approach” to 
credit risk measurement; 
 
Eligible States shall mean any States belonging to the European 
Economic Space and Switzerland. 
 
Standardised Approach is the approach to credit risk measurements 
as defined under Directive 2006/48/EC. 
 
All Receivables included in any relevant Portfolio shall also comply with the 
Specific Criteria set out under the relevant Transfer Agreement. 
 
Each of the Public Securities included in any Portfolio shall comply, as the 
relevant Selection Date, with all the following characteristics: 
 
securities issued or guaranteed by the public entities which are (a) public 
administrations of Eligible States, including therein any Ministries, 
municipalities (enti pubblici territoriali), national or local entities and other 
public bodies, which attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent. 
pursuant to the EC Directive 2006/48 regulation under the “Standardised 
Approach” to credit risk measurement; (b) public administrations of States 
other than Eligible States which attract a risk weighting factor equal to 0 per 
cent. under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement, (c) 
municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying out economic 
activities (organismi pubblici non economici) of States other than Eligible 
States which attract a risk weight factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to 
the EC Directive 2006/48 regulation under the “Standardised Approach” to 
credit risk measurement. 
Integration Assets 
In accordance with Article 2, Paragraph 3, numbers 2 and 3 of the MEF 
Decree and the BoI OBG Regulations, Integration Assets shall include: 
 
(i) 
deposits with a bank having its registered office in an Eligible State or 
in a State which attract a risk weight factor equal to 0 per cent. under 
the "standardised approach" to credit risk measurement; 
 
(ii) 
securities issued by a bank having its registered office in an Eligible 
State or in a State which attract a risk weight factor equal to 0 per 
cent. under the "standardised approach" to credit risk measurement 
which have a residual maturity not longer than one year. 
 
Integration through the inclusion of Integration Assets shall be allowed up to 
but not exceeding the Integration Assets Limit. Integration (whether through 
Integration Assets or through originally Eligible Assets) shall be allowed for 
the purpose of complying with the Mandatory Tests.  
 
Eligible States shall mean any States belonging to the European Economic 
Space, Switzerland and any other State attracting a zero per cent. risk weight 
factor in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks -
standardised approach. 
 
standardised approach is the approach to credit risk measurements as 
defined under Directive 2006/48/EC. 
Excluded Assets 
On the basis of the information provided by the Servicers and in accordance 
with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the 
Calculation Agent shall identify the Integration Assets in excess of the 
Integration Assets Limit to be excluded from the Eligible Portfolio (the 
Excluded Assets), and the corresponding portion of the hedging 
arrangements, if any, to be excluded from the calculation of the Tests with the

--- Page 33 ---
31 
 
objective of obtaining a combination of Integration Assets included in the 
Eligible Portfolio, net of exclusions, that would allow compliance with the 
Tests, if possible. 
 
On the basis of the information provided by the Calculation Agent, the 
Servicers may sell the Excluded Assets and the Cash Manager shall invest the 
amounts deriving from such sale in Eligible Assets or Eligible Investments. 
Tests 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement and the provisions 
of the MEF Decree, for so long as any Covered Bond remains outstanding and 
provided that no Issuer Event of Default has occurred, the Issuer shall procure 
that, on a continuing basis (provided that such obligation shall be deemed to 
be complied with if the following mandatory tests are satisfied on each 
Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which those mandatory tests are 
to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents), the following mandatory 
tests are satisfied and verified on each Calculation Date or any other date on 
which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents 
 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of the Portfolio shall be greater than or equal to the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of all Series of Covered 
Bonds (the Nominal Value Test); 
 
(ii) 
the aggregate Net Present Value of (i) the Eligible Portfolio and (ii) 
each Asset Swap and Liability Swap, net of the transaction costs to be 
borne by the Covered Bond Guarantor (including the payments of any 
nature expected to be borne or due with respect to any Swap 
Agreement) shall be greater than or equal to the Net Present Value of 
all Series of the outstanding Covered Bonds (the NPV Test); 
 
(iii) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio shall be greater 
than or equal to the Interest Payments (the Interest Coverage Test). 
 
Moreover, in accordance with the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, for so long as any Covered Bond remains outstanding and 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and service of 
a Notice to Pay by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Issuer shall procure that, on a continuing basis (provided that such 
obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the following test is 
satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which 
that test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents), the 
following test is satisfied and verified on each Calculation Date: 
 
(iv) 
the Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount shall be greater 
than or equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds (the Amortisation Test and, together with the Mandatory 
Tests, the Tests). 
 
Compliance with the Tests will be verified by the Calculation Agent on each 
Calculation Date and on any other date on which the verification of the Tests 
is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and subsequently checked 
by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement.  
 
In addition to the above, following the occurrence of a breach of the 
Mandatory Tests, based on the information provided by the Servicers with 
reference to the last day of each preceding calendar month (starting from the 
date on which such breach has been notified, and until 6 (six) months after the 
date on which such breach has been cured) the Calculation Agent shall verify 
compliance with the Mandatory Tests not later than the thirty-fifth calendar

--- Page 34 ---
32 
 
day following the end of each preceding calendar month. 
 
For a detailed description of the Tests see the section headed "Credit Structure 
– Tests". 
Breach of the Tests In order to cure a breach of the Mandatory Tests: 
 
(a) 
the Sellers shall sell sufficient Eligible Assets or Integration Assets to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement as soon as possible upon receipt of the notice given to it 
pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, and in any case 
no later than the Calculation Date immediately following the 
notification of such breach, and shall grant the funds necessary for 
payment of the purchase price of such Eligible Assets or Integration 
Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement including, if necessary, by increasing 
the Maximum Amount of the Subordinated Loan; or 
 
(b) 
following a failure by any of the Sellers to cure the Mandatory Tests 
in accordance with paragraph (a) above, or following the occurrence 
of one of the events indicated in Clause 20.2 (Cause di Estinzione 
dell'Obbligo di Acquisto da un singolo Cedente), (a) (Inadempimento 
di obblighi da parte dei Cedenti), (b) (Violazione delle dichiarazioni e 
garanzie da parte dei Cedenti), (c) (Mutamento sostanzialmente 
pregiudizievole) and (d) (Crisi) of the Master Transfer Agreement, the 
other Seller and/or Additional Sellers (if any) shall sell sufficient 
Eligible Assets or Integration Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement as soon as 
possible, and in any case no later than the Calculation Date 
immediately following the notification of such breach, and shall grant 
the funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of such Eligible 
Assets or Integration Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
accordance with the subordinated loan agreement to be entered into 
with any such Additional Seller pursuant to the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Mandatory Tests are met 
as soon as practicable, and, in the event of sale of Integration Assets prior to 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, subject to the Integration Assets 
Limit. 
 
A breach of any of the Mandatory Tests which is not remedied by the 
Calculation Date immediately following the notification of such breach 
constitutes an Issuer Event of Default. 
 
A breach of the Amortisation Test constitutes a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default.  
Role of the Asset 
Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will verify the calculations performed by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the Tests, subject to receipt of the relevant information 
from the Calculation Agent. The Asset Monitor will also perform the other 
activities provided for under the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Sale of Selected 
Assets following 
the occurrence of 
an Article 74 Event 
or an Issuer Event 
of Default 
Following the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or of a Notice to Pay and prior to the occurrence of any Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default, if necessary in order to effect timely 
payments under the Covered Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
the Servicers, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, shall sell Selected Assets in accordance with the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the Sellers or 
the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer

--- Page 35 ---
33 
 
Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Investment 
Account.  
5. 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master Transfer 
Agreement 
On 31 May 2012, the Sellers and the Covered Bond Guarantor entered into the 
Master Transfer Agreement (as subsequently amended), pursuant to which the 
Sellers assigned and transferred the Initial Portfolios to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, without recourse (pro soluto), in accordance with Law 130. 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
agreed to pay (i) Intesa Sanpaolo a purchase price of Euro 7,893,559,068.40 
and (ii) Banco di Napoli S.p.A. a purchase price of Euro 5,053,574,466.51 
respectively. Furthermore, the Sellers and the Covered Bond Guarantor agreed 
that the Sellers may, from time to time, assign and transfer, without recourse 
(pro soluto), Further Portfolios to the Covered Bond Guarantor. Under the 
Master Transfer Agreement, the Sellers granted to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor certain representations and warranties in relation to, inter alia, 
itself, the Initial Portfolios and any further Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets which shall be included in the Portfolios (see the section headed "The 
Portfolio" and paragraph headed "Master Transfer Agreement" under the 
section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents"). 
Subordinated 
Loan Agreements 
Under the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the Sellers granted the 
Subordinated Loan to the Covered Bond Guarantor, for a maximum amount 
specified under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement (the Maximum 
Amount), or such other amount which will be notified by the Sellers, as 
subordinated loan providers, to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance 
with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, as amended from time to 
time. Under the provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Sellers 
shall make advances to the Covered Bond Guarantor in amounts equal to the 
relevant price of the relevant Portfolio transferred from time to time to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (see paragraph headed "Subordinated Loan 
Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the Transaction 
Documents"). 
Covered Bond 
Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds, in accordance with the provisions of Law 130 and of the MEF 
Decree (see paragraph headed "Covered Bond Guarantee" under the section 
headed "Description of the Transaction Documents"). 
Servicing 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Servicing Agreement, inter alia, (i) the Servicers have 
agreed to administer and service the Receivables (with the exception of 
Defaulted Receivables classified as in sofferenza) and the Securities and to 
carry out collection activities relating to the Receivables and the Securities, on 
behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor; (ii) the Master Servicer has agreed to 
provide certain reporting services in relation to the Receivables and the 
Securities and (iii) the Special Servicers have agreed to administer and service 
Defaulted Receivables classified as in sofferenza. 
The Servicers have also agreed to be responsible for verifying that the 
transaction complies with the law and this Base Prospectus, in accordance 
with the requirements of Law 130. 
 
The Master Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit monthly and 
quarterly reports to, inter alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Administrative Services Provider and the Calculation Agent, in the form set 
out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to all the amounts 
collected from time to time by the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the 
Portfolios as principal, interest and/or expenses and any payment of damages, 
as a result of the activity of the Servicers and/or the Special Servicers pursuant

--- Page 36 ---
34 
 
to the Servicing Agreement during the preceding Collection Period. The 
reports will provide the primary source of information relating to the 
Servicers' and the Special Servicers' activity during the period, including, 
without limitation, a description of the Portfolios (outstanding amount, 
principal and interest), information relating to delinquencies, defaults and 
collections during the Collection Period as well as asset performance analysis 
(see paragraph headed "Servicing Agreement" under the section headed 
"Description of the Transaction Documents"). 
Administrative 
Services 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Administrative Services Agreement, the Administrative 
Services Provider has agreed to provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with a 
number of administrative services, including keeping of the corporate books 
and of the accounting and tax registers (see paragraph headed "Administrative 
Services Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the Transaction 
Documents"). 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the parties thereto agreed that 
all the Available Funds of the Covered Bond Guarantor will be applied in or 
towards satisfaction of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s payment obligations 
towards the Covered Bondholders as well as the Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided for under the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will, subject to a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
having occurred, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in or towards 
satisfaction of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the 
Covered Bondholders as well as the Secured Creditors, in accordance with the 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement.  
 
The obligations owed by the Covered Bond Guarantor to each of the Covered 
Bondholders and each of the Secured Creditors will be limited recourse 
obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Covered Bondholders and the 
Secured Creditors will have a claim against the Covered Bond Guarantor only 
to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject to and as provided 
for in the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (see 
paragraph headed "Intercreditor Agreement" under the section headed 
"Description of the Transaction Documents").  
Cash Management 
and Agency 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the 
Account Banks, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the 
Servicers, the Administrative Services Provider and the Calculation Agent will 
provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and 
reporting services together with account handling and cash management 
services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Accounts (see paragraph headed "Cash Management and Agency Agreement" 
under the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents"). 
Asset Monitor 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor will 
conduct independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by the 
Calculation Agent for the Tests, with a view to verifying the compliance by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor with such tests (see paragraph headed "Asset 
Monitor Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the Transaction 
Documents"). 
Portfolio 
Administration 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, inter alia, the 
Issuer has undertaken certain obligations with respect to the replenishment of 
the Portfolios in order to cure a breach of the Mandatory Tests (see paragraph 
headed "Portfolio Administration Agreement" under the section headed 
"Description of the Transaction Documents").

--- Page 37 ---
35 
 
Quotaholders’ 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Quotaholders have 
undertaken certain obligations in relation to the management of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. In addition, Stichting Viridis 2 has granted a call option in 
favour of Intesa Sanpaolo to purchase from Stichting Viridis 2, and Intesa 
Sanpaolo has granted a put option in favour of Stichting Viridis 2 to sell to 
Intesa Sanpaolo, the quota of the Issuer held by Stichting Viridis 2 (see 
paragraph headed "Quotaholders' Agreement" under the section headed 
"Description of the Transaction Documents"). 
Pledge Agreement 
Under the terms of the Pledge Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
pledge in favour of the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors all 
monetary claims and rights and all amounts payable from time to time 
(including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and 
guarantees) to which the Covered Bond Guarantor is entitled pursuant to, or in 
relation with, the Italian Law Transaction Documents (see paragraph headed 
"Pledge Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the Transaction 
Documents"). 
Deed of Charge 
and Assignment 
Under the terms of the Deed of Charge and Assignment, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will assign by way of security to and charge in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting in its capacity as security 
trustee for itself and on trust for the Covered Bondholders and the Secured 
Creditors), all of its rights, title, interest and benefit from time to time in and to 
the English Law Transaction Documents (see paragraph headed "Deed of 
Charge and Assignment" under the section headed "Description of the 
Transaction Documents"). 
Dealer Agreement 
Under the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the Dealer(s) have been appointed 
as such by the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement contains, inter alia, provisions 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of any of the existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally 
in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of Covered 
Bonds (see paragraph headed "Dealer Agreement" under the section headed 
"Description of the Transaction Documents"). 
Subscription 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will 
agree to subscribe for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and pay the Issue 
Price subject to the conditions set out therein (see paragraph headed 
"Subscription Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the 
Transaction Documents"). 
Swap Agreements 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may enter into: (i) one or more Liability Swaps, 
in order to hedge certain interest rate and/or, if applicable, currency exposures 
in relation to its obligations under the Covered Bonds, and (ii) one or more 
Asset Swaps in order to hedge the interest rate risks and/or, if applicable, the 
currency risks related to the transfer of each Portfolio (the Liability Swaps and 
the Asset Swaps, together the Swap Agreements).  
 
Each of the Swap Agreements is documented by the 1992 ISDA Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) and a Schedule thereto, as published 
by the International Swap and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), as 
supplemented by a 1995 Credit Support Annex (English Law) published by 
ISDA, and the relevant confirmation, all governed by English law. 
Swap Service 
Agreements        
The Covered Bond Guarantor has entered into, and may enter from time to 
time into, certain mandate agreements with the Swap Service Providers, for 
the supply to the Covered Bond Guarantor of certain services due under the 
Swap Agreements pursuant to the EMIR Regulation. 
French Law 
Security Document 
Under the French Law Security Document, the Covered Bond Guarantor has 
pledged the amounts standing to the credit of the each of the CACIB French

--- Page 38 ---
36 
 
Cash Accounts and the CACIB French Securities Accounts in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Master Definitions 
Agreement 
Under the Master Definitions Agreement, the parties thereto have agreed upon 
the definitions of certain terms utilised in the Transaction Documents (see 
paragraph headed "Master Definitions Agreement" under the section headed 
"Description of the Transaction Documents"). 
Provisions of 
Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to them. In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of 
holding a Covered Bond, recognises the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of each 
of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a signatory thereto.

--- Page 39 ---
37 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds.  
Certain risks which it currently deems not to be material as at the date of this Base Prospectus may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
control. The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under the 
Covered Bonds.  
In addition, risks which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below.  
The Issuer believes that the risks described below are the main risks inherent in the holding of Covered 
Bonds of any Series issued under the Programme but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or repay 
principal on the Covered Bonds of any Series may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent 
that the above statements of the risks of holding Covered Bonds are exhaustive. While the various structural 
elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks for holders of Covered 
Bonds of any Series, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective to ensure 
payment to the holders of Covered Bonds of any Series of interest or principal on such Covered Bonds on a 
timely basis or at all. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decision.  
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and obtain a 
better appreciation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the Covered 
Bonds issued and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer deems that the following risk factors 
could affect the ability of the same to satisfy its obligations arising from the Covered Bonds. 
The risks below have been classified into the following sub-categories: 
Risks relating to the financial situation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group; 
Risks related to legal proceedings; 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation on the 
solution of banking crises; and 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles. 
 
Risks related to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
 
Risk exposure to debt Securities issued by sovereign States 
As at 30 June 2021, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to 
approximately € 104 billion, increased compared to approximately € 90 billion as at 31 December 2020. On 
the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU Countries, including Italy, 
corresponded to € 140 billion, compared to € 123 billion at the end of 2020.  
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as Italy's rating downgrading 
or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, might have negative effects on the assets, the economic 
and/or financial situation, the operational results and the perspectives of the Bank.

--- Page 40 ---
38 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group results are and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to Italy and certain 
major European Countries. 
As at 31 December 2020, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to 
approximately €90 billion (9% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately €10 
billion represented by loans. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU 
countries, including Italy, corresponded to €123 billion (12.2% of the total assets of the Group), to which 
should be added approximately €12 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by 
governments, central banks and other public entities represented approximately 46.2% of the total financial 
assets. 
At the end of 2019, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy corresponded to 
approximately €86 billion (10.5% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately 
€11 billion represented by loans. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU 
Countries, including Italy, corresponded to €121 billion (14.8% of the total assets of the Group), to which 
should be added approximately €12 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by 
governments, central banks and other public entities represented approximately 46% of the total financial 
assets. 
For further information please refer to Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial 
statements for 2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
“As at 30 June 2021, there were a total of about 34,900 disputes, other than tax disputes, pending at Group 
level (excluding those involving Risanamento S.p.A, which is not subject to management and coordination by 
Intesa Sanpaolo) with a total remedy sought of around 3,973 million euro. This amount includes all 
outstanding disputes, for which the risk of a disbursement of financial resources resulting from a potential 
negative outcome has been deemed possible or probable and therefore does not include disputes for which 
risk has been deemed remote. 
The risks associated with these disputes are thoroughly and individually analysed by the Parent Company 
and Group companies. Specific and appropriate provisions have been made to the Allowances for Risks and 
Charges in the event of disputes for which there is an estimated probability of a disbursement of more than 
50% and where the amount of the disbursement may be reliably estimated (disputes with likely risk).  
Without prejudice to the uncertainty inherent in all litigation, the estimate of the obligations that could arise 
from the disputes and hence the amount of any provisions recognised are based on the forward-looking 
assessments of the outcome of the trial. These forward-looking assessments are, in any event, prepared on 
the basis of all information available at the time of the estimate. The disputes with likely risk amount to 
around 25,000 with a remedy sought of 2,151 million euro and provisions of 743 million euro.  
The part relating to the Parent Company Intesa Sanpaolo is around 5,900 disputes with a remedy sought of 
1,743 million euro and provisions of 568 million euro, the part relating to other Italian subsidiaries is 
around 1,000 disputes with a remedy sought of 270 million euro and provisions of 104 million euro, and the 
part relating to the international subsidiaries is around 18,100 disputes with a remedy sought of 138 million 
euro and provisions of 71 million euro. 
The risk arising from legal proceedings consists of the possibility of the Bank being obliged to pay any sum 
in case of unfavourable outcome. 
The most common legal disputes are related to invalidity, cancellation, inefficacy actions or compensation 
for damages as a consequence of transactions related to the ordinary banking and financial activity carried 
out by the Bank. 
For any individual assessment regarding legal disputes please refer to the paragraph titled "Legal 
Proceedings" on page 80 of this Base Prospectus. Such paragraph also includes information concerning the 
disputes on the marketing of convertible and/or subordinated shares/bonds issued by Banca Popolare di

--- Page 41 ---
39 
 
Vicenza or Veneto Banca, which filled against respectively Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (both 
subsequently merged by incorporation in Intesa Sanpaolo). 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the macro-
economic context 
The future development in the macro-economic context may be considered as a risk as it may produce 
negative effects and trends in the economic and financial situation of the Bank and/or the Group. 
Any negative variations of the factors described hereafter, in particular during periods of economic-
financial crisis, could lead the Bank and/or the Group to suffer losses, increases of financing costs, and 
reductions of the value of the assets held, with a potential negative impact on the liquidity of the Bank and/or 
the Group and its financial soundness. 
The trends of the Bank and the Group are affected by the general, national and economic situation of the 
Eurozone, the dynamics of financial markets and the soundness and growth prospects of the economy of 
other geographic areas in which the Bank and/or the Group operates. 
In particular, the profitability capacity and solvency of the Bank and/or the Group are affected by the trends 
of certain factors, such as the investors’ expectations and trust, the level and volatility of short-term and 
long-term interest rates, exchange rates, financial markets liquidity, availability and cost of capital, 
sustainability of sovereign debt, household incomes and consumer spending, unemployment levels, business 
profitability and capital spending, inflation and housing prices. 
The macro-economic framework is currently characterised by significant profiles of uncertainty, in relation 
to: (a) the outbreak of COVID-19, which caused a major decline in economic activity in 2020 and may 
contribute to further economic downturns in the near future, in addition to more persistent effects on default 
rates and the unemployment rate; (b)  the future developments of ECB monetary policies in the Euro area 
and of the FED in the dollar area; (c) the tensions observed, on a more or less recurrent basis, on the financial 
markets; (d) the risk that in the future holders of Italian government debt lose confidence in the credit 
standing of Republic of Italy, owing to the political developments or changes in budgetary policies affecting 
the sustainability of government debt. 
 
With reference to the exit of the United Kingdom from the single market on 1 January 2021, changes in the 
relationship of the UK with the EU may affect the business of the Bank. On 29 March 2017, the UK invoked 
Article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union and officially notified the EU of its decision to withdraw 
from the EU. On 31 January 2020 the UK withdrew from the EU and the transition period ended on 31 
December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under 
it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which governs 
relations between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition period and which had provisional 
application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2021. The Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of 
regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
 
The precise impact on the business of the Issuers and the Group is difficult to determine. As such, no 
assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary 
market.

--- Page 42 ---
40 
 
 
Credit risk 
We would like to remark that, as of 30 September 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo recorded a gross NPL ratio (based 
on EBA metrics) of 2.9%. On 31 December 2020, the same data corresponded to 3.6%, compared to 6.8% 
recorded on 31 December 2019. The credit institutions which recorded a gross NPL ratio higher than 5% 
are required – on the grounds of the "Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne 
exposures" of EBA – to prepare specific strategic and operative plans for the management of such 
exposures. 
Taking into consideration the pattern of the main credit risk indicators in 2020, in the first nine months of 
2021 and the excellent improvement of the Gross NPL ratio well below the 5% threshold, Intesa Sanpaolo 
deems that the risk related to credit quality is of low relevance. 
The economic and financial activity and soundness of the Bank depends on its borrower’s creditworthness. 
The Bank is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity. Therefore, the clients' breach of the 
agreements entered into and of their underlying obligations, or any lack of information or incorrect 
information provided by them as to their respective financial and credit position, could have negative effects 
on the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. 
Furthermore, any exposures in the bank portfolio towards counterparties, groups of connected counterparties 
and counterparties of the same economic sector, which perform the same activity or belong to the same 
geographic area, could increase the Bank concentration risk. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the Bank by reason of 
bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other reason. The bankruptcy of an important 
stakeholder, or any concerns about its default, could cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults by other 
institutions, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank. The Bank may also be subject to the risk, under 
specific circumstances, that some of its credits towards third parties are no longer collectable. Furthermore, a 
decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties, including sovereign States, of which the Bank holds 
securities or bonds, might cause losses and/or negatively affect the ability of the Bank to invest again or use 
in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. A significant decrease of the 
creditworthiness of the counterparties of the Bank might, therefore, have a negative impact on the results of 
the Bank’s performances. Albeit, in many cases, the Bank could require further guarantees to the 
counterparties which are in financial difficulties, certain disputes may arise with respect to the amount of 
guarantee that the Bank is entitled to receive and the value of the assets which are object of guarantee. The 
default rates, counterparties rating deterioration and disputes in relation to counterparties on the guarantee 
appraisal could be significantly increased during periods of market tensions and illiquidity. 
In compliance with the provisions of the "ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans" published in 
March 2017 through which the ECB calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work 
towards an holistic approach regarding the problem of NPLs, Intesa Sanpaolo submitted to the ECB a plan 
for the reduction of its non-performing loans.  
Subsequently, building on the overall strategy and targets outlined in the 2018-2021 Business Plan 
published in February 2018, Intesa Sanpaolo has developed a solid 4-year plan, at no costs to shareholders, 
to reach an NPL level in line with European peers, continuing to maintain a lower leverage and a stronger 
balance sheet. Intesa Sanpaolo continues to improve its credit quality, leverages the excellent performance 
already achieved in 2020, where the bank outperformed vs plan targets, exceeding one year early the 
deleveraging target set for the entire four-year 2018-2021 Business Plan, by the strengthening of the 
proactive credit management aiming at prevent new inflows from performing exposures, by the results 
achieved in the recovery activities, by the accomplishment of the planned disposals, but also thanks to the 
supervision and monitoring activities performed by the "Group NPL Plan Control Room". Total non-
performing loans for the first nine months of 2021 (bad, unlikely-to-pay, and past due) amounted - net of 
adjustments - to €9,141 million, down 14.9% from €10,743 million at year-end 2020. In detail, bad loans

--- Page 43 ---
41 
 
decreased to €3,583 million from €4,003 million at year-end 2020, with a bad loan to total loan ratio of 
0.8% (0.9% at year-end 2020), and a cash coverage ratio of 60.7% (58.3% at year-end 2020). Unlikely-to-
pay loans decreased to €4,961 million from €6,223 million at year-end 2020. Past due loans amounted to 
€597 million from €517 million at year-end 2020. 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please refer to 
“Regulatory Section” of this Base Prospectus. 
For further information on the management of the “credit risk”. Please refer to Part E of the explanatory 
note of the consolidated financial statements for 2020, included by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
In Italy, the COVID-19 outbreak, led to a strong GDP contraction with negative effects in all economic 
sectors. Nevertheless, the results for 9M 2021 have confirmed Intesa Sanpaolo’s ability to respond 
effectively to the complexities brought about by the pandemic. Gross NPL reduction was around €47bn since 
the September 2015 peak and around €34bn since December 2017, exceeding in advance, and by around 
€8bn, the deleveraging target of around €26bn set for the entire four-year period of the 2018-2021 Business 
Plan. Intesa Sanpaolo continues to operate as a growth accelerator in the real economy in Italy: in 9M 2021, 
medium/long-term new lending granted by the group to Italian households and businesses amounted to 
around €50 billion. In 9m 2021, the group facilitated the return to performing status of around 7,300 
companies, thus safeguarding around 36,000 jobs. 
 
Market risk 
In the first nine months of 2021, with regard the overall limit relating to trading and the hold to collect and 
sell (HTCS) business model, the Group’s average managerial VaR was equal to €164.8 million in reduction 
compared to the same period of 2020. The performance of the indicator was mainly attributable to the 
scenario “rolling effect” due to the lower market volatility following the exceptional market shocks in March 
2020 related to the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As to the bank portfolio risks, the market risk, measured in terms of VaR, has recorded in the first nine 
months of 2021 an average value of €414 million (€648 million was the average value on 30 September 
2020). On 30 September 2021, the VaR was equal to €342 million, compared to €680 million on 30 
September 2020. On 31 December 2020, the VaR was equal to €492 million, compared to €227 million on 
31 December 2019. 
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the securities of 
sovereign States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by way of example and 
without limitation, interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), which could determine a deterioration 
of the financial soundness of the Bank and/or the Group. Such deterioration could be produced either by 
negative effects on the income statement deriving from positions held for trading purposes, or from negative 
changes in the FVOCI (Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income) reserve, generated by positions 
classified as financial Activities evaluated at fair value, with an impact on the overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes of the financial instruments value, including the securities 
issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates of currencies, prices of the 
securities listed on the markets, commodities and credit spreads and/or other risks. Such fluctuations could 
be caused by changes in the general economic trend, the investors' propensity to investments, monetary and 
tax policies, liquidity of the markets on a global scale, availability and capital cost, interventions of rating 
agencies, political events both at social and international level, war conflicts and acts of terrorism. The 
market risk occurs both with respect to the trading book, which includes the financial trading instruments and 
derivative instruments related thereto, and the banking book, which includes the financial assets and 
liabilities that are different from those contained in the trading book. 
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 44 ---
42 
 
Liquidity risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The ratio between the credits towards customers and the direct deposit taking, as reported in the 
consolidated financial statement ("Loan to deposit ratio") on 30 September 2021 was at 86,4%, compared to 
88% on 31 December 2020. 
Both regulatory indicators, LCR and NSFR, were well above the minimum regulatory requirements (100%). 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, measured according to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61, amounted to an average of 179.5 at the end of September 20211. The NSFR 
measured in accordance with regulatory instructions, was 123,8% at the end of September 2021. 
The participation of the Group to TLTRO funding transactions with ECB at the end of September 202 1 was 
equal to approximately €131 billion. 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the market 
situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of the Bank, may have negative effects 
on the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Group . 
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is not able to satisfy its payment obligations at maturity, both due 
to the inability to raise funds on the market (funding liquidity risk) and of the difficulty to disinvest its own 
assets (market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Bank may be prejudiced by the temporary impossibility of accessing capital markets by 
the issuance of debt securities (both guaranteed and not guaranteed), the inability to receive funds from 
counterparties which are external to or of the Group, the inability to sell certain assets or redeem its 
investments, as well as unexpected cash outflows or the obligation to provide more guarantees. Such a 
situation may occur by reason of circumstances that are independent from the control of the Bank, such as a 
general market disruption or an operational issue which affects the Bank or any third parties, or also by 
reason of the perception among the participants in the market that the Bank or other participants in the 
market are experiencing a higher liquidity risk. The liquidity crisis and the loss of trust in the financial 
institutions may increase the Bank’s cost of funding and limit its access to some of its traditional liquidity 
sources. 
Examples of liquidity risk manifestation are the bankruptcy of an important participant to the market, or 
concerns about its possible default, which may cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults of other 
banks which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank; and a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties 
of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, that may determine losses and/or negatively affect the ability of 
the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. 
The participation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to the TLTRO funding transactions with the ECB as at 31 
December 2020 was equal to approximately € 83 billion. In particular, the Group has participated to 9 
TLTRO funding transactions, starting from 24 June 2016. As at 30 September 2021, such transactions 
amounted to approximately €131 billion, consisting entirely of TLTROs III. 
In March 2019 ECB announced a new series of quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing operations 
(TLTRO-III), starting in September 2019 and ending in March 2021, each with a maturity of two years. 
These new operations helped to preserve favorable bank lending conditions and the smooth transmission of 
monetary policy. 
In March 2020 for TLTRO III, the ECB announced that considerably more favorable terms would have been 
applied during the period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that 
same time. This decision had the purpose to support bank lending to those customers most affected by the 
spread of the coronavirus, in particular small and medium-sized enterprises. 
                                              
1 The LCR ratio refers to the simple average of the last 12 months of monthly observations, as per Regulation (EU) 2021/637.

--- Page 45 ---
43 
 
At the same time ECB announced that additional longer-term refinancing operations (LTROs) would be 
conducted temporarily to provide immediate liquidity support to the euro area financial system. These 
operations provided an effective backstop in case of need and were carried out through a fixed rate tender 
procedure with full allotment, with an interest rate equal to the average rate on the deposit facility. The 
LTRO provided liquidity at favorable terms until the TLTRO III operation in June 2020.  
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Operational risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of operational risk which are intrinsic to its business, among 
which those mentioned herein, by way of example and without limitation: frauds by external persons, frauds 
or losses arising from the unfaithfulness of the employees and/or breach of control procedures, operational 
errors, defects or malfunctions of computer or telecommunication systems, computer virus attacks, default of 
suppliers with respect to their contractual obligations, terrorist attacks and natural disasters. The 
occurrence of one or more of said risks may have significant negative effects on the business, the operational 
results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. The capital absorption amounts to 2,110 
million euro as at 30 September 2021 and represents approximately 8% of the total value of the ISP Group 
requirement.  
The operational risk may be defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk and compliance risk, model 
risk, ICT risk and financial reporting risk; strategic and reputational risk are not included. 
The Bank has defined a framework for the operational risks management which consists of the following 
phases: 
 
Identification: the detection and description of potential operational risk areas (e.g. operational 
events, presence of issues, applicability of risk factors, significant risk scenarios);  
 
Assessment and measurement: determination of operational risk exposure;  
 
Monitoring and control: continuous management of changes in the operational risk exposure, also to 
prevent the occurrence of harmful events and to promote active risk management;  
 
Mitigation: operational risk containment through appropriate mitigation actions and suitable risk 
transfer strategies, based on a risk-driven approach;  
 Reporting: preparation of information flows related to operational risk management, designed to 
ensure adequate knowledge of the exposure to this risk.  
Although the Bank constantly supervises its own operational risks, certain unexpected events and/or events 
out of the Bank's control may occur (including those mentioned above by way of example and without 
limitation), with possible negative effects on the business and the economic and/or financial situation of the 
Bank and the Group, as well as on its reputation. 
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial statements for 
2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Foreign exchange risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of foreign exchange risk which are intrinsic to its business and are 
lied in foreign currency loans and deposits held by customers, purchases of securities, equity investments 
and other financial instruments in foreign currencies, conversion to domestic currency of assets, liabilities 
and income of branches and subsidiaries abroad, trading of foreign currencies and banknotes, and 
collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs in foreign currencies.

--- Page 46 ---
44 
 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its exposure to foreign currencies, any negative development of the 
foreign rates may have negative effects on activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank 
and the Group.  
“Foreign exchange risk” is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange rate that 
could have a negative impact on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the financial statements and on 
earnings and capital ratios. Two types of Foreign Exchange Risk are identified: Structural and Transaction 
risk. Structural Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange 
rate that could have a negative impact on the foreign exchange reserves that are part of the Group’s 
consolidated shareholders’ equity, and also includes the foreign exchange risk associated with hybrid capital 
instruments. The key sources of structural foreign exchange risk are therefore the investments in associates 
and companies subject to joint control.  
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s management of the Structural Foreign Exchange Risk assigns the Parent 
Company the related management and coordination powers in order to achieve a consistent Group strategy. 
This choice, which is consistent with the Parent Company’s role as the liaison with the Supervisory 
Authority, allows the activities to be performed based on the specific responsibilities set out in the prudential 
supervision regulations, in addition to suitably mitigating and/or managing this type of risk.  
 
Transaction Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange 
rate that may have a negative impact both on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the financial 
statements and on the earnings from funding and lending transactions in currencies other than the euro.  
 
The main sources of this foreign exchange risk consist of: non-euro loans and deposits held by corporate 
and/or retail customers; conversion into domestic currency of assets, liabilities and income of the 
international branches; trading of foreign currencies; collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, 
dividends and administrative expenses in foreign currencies; purchase and sale of securities and financial 
instruments for the purpose of resale in the short term; etc.  
Transaction foreign exchange risk also includes the risk related to transactions connected to operations that 
generate the type of structural foreign exchange risk represented, for example, by dividends, earnings in the 
process of being generated, and corporate events.  
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation on 
the solution of banking crises 
The Bank is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed by the 
relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). Both 
aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous updates and 
practice developments. 
Furthermore, as a listed Bank, the Bank is required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB. 
The Bank, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the financial 
and banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and consumer 
protection. 
Although the Bank undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the rules 
and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities could 
give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Bank, with possible negative impacts on the operational 
results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. 
Regulatory framework 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the Supervisory Rules has been amended on the grounds of the 
Directions deriving from the so called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly

--- Page 47 ---
45 
 
strengthen the minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction of 
policies and quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation 
levels. In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal to 
7% of the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total 
Capital ratio equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so 
called "capital conservation buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
 
As known, Intesa Sanpaolo, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is subject 
to direct supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB). Following the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement 
that Intesa Sanpaolo must comply with at consolidated level. On 25 November 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo 
received the final decision of the ECB concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, as of 1 
January 2021. Overall capital requirement the Bank is required to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 
ratio is 8.59% on a fully loaded basis2. 
 
The following requirements match the determination of the requirement related to the Common Equity Tier 
1 ratio for 2021: a) a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio equal to 9.5%, which includes a 
Pillar I minimum requirement of 8% and an additional Pillar II requirement of 1.5%, of which 4.5% and 
0.84%  in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio; b) the additional Capital Conservation Buffer requirement 
of 2.5% on a fully-loaded basis already from 2019 and the additional O-SII Buffer (Other Systematically 
Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.75% on a fully-loaded basis in 2021. 
 
It should be noted that, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of the 
coronavirus (COVID-19), announced certain measures aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct 
supervision, are still able to provide credit support to the real economy. 
Considering that the European banking sector acquired a significant amount of capital reserves (with the 
aim of enabling banks to face with stressful situations such as the COVID-19), the ECB allows banks to 
operate temporarily below the capital level defined by the "Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G)" and the "capital 
conservation buffer (CCB)". Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be further 
improved by an appropriate revision of the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the competent national 
authorities. 
 
Moreover, due to the COVID -19 outbreak, with the recommendation of March 27, 2020 the ECB 
recommended that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no irrevocable commitment 
to pay out dividends is undertaken by the credit institutions for the financial year 2019 and 2020 and that 
credit institutions refrain from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders. ECB has decided to 
extend the recommendation on dividends until 30 September 2021 with the New recommendation 
ECB/2020/62 that repeals Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of 27 March 2020 and Recommendation ECB 
2020/35 of 27 July 2020. 
By taking into account the additional requirement made by the Institution specific Countercyclical Capital 
Buffer, the requirement of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio to be respected by Intesa Sanpaolo is equal to 
8.63% on a fully loaded basis. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, by taking into account the transitional treatment adopted to mitigate the impact of 
the IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Transitional), the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 14.7%, the Tier 1 ratio at 
16.9% and the total capital ratio at 19.6%. Considering the full inclusion of the impact of IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 
Fully Loaded), solvency ratios as at 31 December 2020 were as follows: a Common Equity ratio of 14.0%, 
a Tier 1 ratio of 16.2% and a Total capital ratio of 19.2%. 
 
                                              
2  
Applying the regulatory change introduced by the ECB with effect from 12 March 2020, allowing the Pillar 2 
requirement to be met partially using equity instruments not classified as Common Equity Tier 1.

--- Page 48 ---
46 
 
By taking into consideration the full inclusion of the impact of IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Fully Loaded), the 
solvency coefficients as of 31 December 2019 are the following: Total capital ratio 17.00%; Tier 1 ratio 
14.3%; and Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 13.00%. 
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio or LCR), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank 
for a period of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net Stable 
Funding Ratio or NSFR) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets 
and liabilities have a sustainable maturity structure. 
Both indicators of the Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the Rules. 
In relation to the Covid-19 pandemia, the slowdown in economic activity caused by lockdowns across 
Europe and the measures the Governments have taken to face the effects of the current health and 
economic emergency impacted the Group operations in the different countries of its perimeter, particularly 
during the peak of the pandemia emergency. The business continuity management plans were activated in 
order to ensure the regular execution of Treasury activities and the proper information flows to the senior 
management and the Supervisors. 
Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is more than safe and under constant control, some risks 
may materialize in the horizon, depending on the expected economic recovery. An important mitigating 
factor to these risks are the contingency management policies in place in the Group system of rules and the 
measures adopted by the European Central Bank, which have granted a higher flexibility in the 
management of the current liquidity situation by leveraging on the available liquidity buffers.  
Furthermore, the Prudential Basel III Regulation introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which measures 
the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the Bank Group. Such index is 
calculated by considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to 
contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum 
regulatory limit of 3%. On 18 June 2021, the ECB announced, through its decision no. ECB/2021/1074, 
that euro area banks it directly supervises may exclude certain bank exposures from the Leverage Ratio, as 
exceptional macroenomic circumastances due to Covid-19 pandemic continue. The move extends until 
March 2022, the Leverage Ratio Relief granted in September 2020, which had expired on 27 June 2021.   
 
Although the above-mentioned regulatory evolution (further described under the "Regulatory Section" on 
page 115 of this Base Prospectus) envisages a gradual adaptation to the new prudential requirements, the 
impacts on the management dynamics of the Bank could be significant. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so called 
SRMR), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the Bank and 
the Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that shall be 
provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, BRRD, as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, BRRD II), which, inter alia, 
introduced the so called "bail-in", Regulation 2019/876/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, 
which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR II") and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 
2019/878/EU, which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD V") must be taken into consideration and put 
in force by Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended to 
enable a wide range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. 
the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under

--- Page 49 ---
47 
 
the BRRD towards the Intesa Sanpaolo Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked 
to the Covered Bonds. 
Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as implemented 
in Italy by Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015, resolution authorities shall not 
exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or 
their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any 
part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments), that exceeds the 
value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the 
SSM Regulation) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
or SSM). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility 
over "banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone.  
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which(i) the total 
value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of 
its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds  20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant 
credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance 
from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the 
ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one 
participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total 
assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with 
each national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an 
institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Intesa 
Sanpaolo and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity 
and a significant supervised group within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European 
Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism between the European Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national 
designated authorities (the SSM Framework Regulation) and, as such, are subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM 
Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see the "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles 
The Bank is exposed, as well as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects deriving from 
both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the existing ones, in particular 
with respect to the international IAS/IFRS accounting principles, as approved and adopted within the 
European legal system. On the date of first implementation of the IFRS 9 principle (31 March 2018), the 
main impacts for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the application of the new impairment accounting 
model (based on the "expected loss" concept instead of the "incurred loss" approach, which was previously 
envisaged by IAS 39), which has led to an increase of the value adjustments. The first implementation of the 
IFRS 16 principle, on 31 March 2019, caused an impact on the CET 1, equal to -8 base points. 
It is important to highlight that a particular attention should be given towards other interventions on the 
accounting regulations, particularly the new international principle IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments", which 
replaced the IAS 39 as per the classification and measurement of the financial instruments. Such principle, 
which has been approved by means of Regulation (EU) 2067/2016, entered into force on 1 January 2018.

--- Page 50 ---
48 
 
For an in depth analysis of the IFRS 9, the relevant implementation project and the effects of its first 
application (FTA) we refer to the chapter on "The transition to the international accounting principle IFRS 
9" included in the balance sheet as of 31 December 2018. We would like to underline that, upon the first 
application of the principle, the main impacts for Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the enforcement of the 
new impairment accounting model (based on the concept of "expected loss" instead of the approach of the 
"incurred loss", previously envisaged by IAS 39), which caused an increase of the value adjustments. 
Also with reference to the application of the IFRS 9, we observe that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as mainly a 
banking financial conglomerate, has decided to avail itself of the option of application of the so called 
"Deferral Approach" (or Temporary Exemption), by virtue of which the financial assets and liabilities of the 
insurance subsidiary Companies continue to be registered on the balance sheet under the provisions of IAS 
39, awaiting the entry into force of the new international accounting principle on insurance agreements 
(IFRS 17), which is scheduled for 20233. 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle please refer to the specific qualitative and 
quantitative information included in the chapter “Notes to the consolidated financial statements – Part A – 
Accounting policies” of the annual report as of 31 December 2019” and 31 December 2020. 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following sub-categories: 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Risks related to the Guarantor; 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
Risk related to the market. 
 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor’s currency; 
 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
                                              
On 25 June 2020, the IASB published the final version of the "Amendments to IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts" which confirmed 
the deferral of the date 
Of first-time adoption of the Standard to 1 January 2023 (instead of 1 January 2022 previously proposed in the ED 2019/4), with t he 
concurrent  possibility of an extension to the same date of the “Deferral approach” in the application of IFRS 9. This was endorsed by 
the European Commission with the publication of Regulation 2097/2020 “Extension of the Temporary Exemption from Applying 
IFRS 9 (amendments to IFRS 4)” on 15 December 2020.

--- Page 51 ---
49 
 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do 
not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu 
without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, uncondit ional and 
unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. The 
Covered Bond Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee until the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not 
been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay. Failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay amounts due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of any Series or Tranche would constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default which would entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice and accelerate the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee and entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not constitute a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Dealer(s), the 
Arrangers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction Documents, 
their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and, 
upon service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity 
and, as to the Covered Bond Guarantor, limited recourse to the Available Funds, for their obligations in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
With respect to the Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extendable Maturity is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, if the Covered Bond Guarantor is obliged under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a 
Guaranteed Amount and has insufficient funds available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay such 
amount on the Maturity Date, then the obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay such Guaranteed 
Amounts shall automatically be deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the 
Covered Bond Guarantor has sufficient monies available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall make such partial payment in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments, as described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
on the relevant Maturity Date and any subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date. Payment of the unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended 
Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid Guaranteed Amount on the 
basis set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out therein, in Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these circumstances, except where the Covered Bond Guarantor has failed to 
apply money in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments in accordance with Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase), failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay the relevant Guaranteed Amount 
on the Maturity Date or any subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the 
relevant later date following any applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default. However, failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed Amount or the 
balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and/or pay any other amount 
due under the Covered Bond Guarantee will (subject to any applicable grace period) constitute a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default.

--- Page 52 ---
50 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in which case 
they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in which case they will 
constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in 
all respects and will share equally in the security granted by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. If an Issuer Event of Default and/or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and 
results in acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all Series will accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds 
may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Under no circumstances shall the 
interest payments for the Covered Bondholder be less than zero. Set out below is a description of the most 
common of such features: 
(a) 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their 
nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered Bonds are characterised by the 
circumstance that the relevant covered bondholders, instead of benefitting from periodical interest payments, 
shall be granted an interest income consisting in the difference between the redemption price and the issue 
price, which difference shall reflect the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is 
exposed to the risk that the price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. 
Prices of zero coupon Covered Bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate Covered Bonds and are 
likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing Covered Bonds with 
a similar maturity. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such Covered Bonds, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered 
Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Certain decisions of Representative of the Covered Bondholders taken without the consent or sanction of 
any of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 53 ---
51 
 
Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders concur with the Issuer 
and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making or sanctioning any 
modifications to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions and/or the other 
Transaction Documents:  
 
provided that in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders such modification is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series; or  
 
which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are made to correct a 
manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or of a formal, minor or technical nature, or are made to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law. 
In establishing whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers reasonable 
to rely on, and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to all or any of the following: 
 
a certificate from a Relevant Dealer, stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction 
Document, confirming nothing has been said to, or by, the investors or any other parties which is in 
any way inconsistent with such stated intention and stating the modification to the relevant 
Transaction Document that is required to reflect such intention; 
 
confirmation from the Rating Agency that, after giving effect to such modification, the Covered 
Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those assigned to them immediately prior to 
the modification. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolutions. 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (i) instructing the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to take enforcement action against the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor; (ii) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of 
the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds; (iii) alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be made; (iv) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; and (v) any amendments to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee or the Pledge Agreement (except in a manner determined by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series). 
Certain decisions of Covered Bondholders shall be taken at a Programme level by means of Programme 
Resolution. A Programme Resolution will bind all Covered Bondholders, irrespective of whether they 
attended the meeting or voted in favour of the Programme Resolution. No Resolution, other than a 
Programme Resolution, passed by the holders of one Series of Covered Bonds will be effective in respect of 
another Series unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the case 
may require, of the holders of that other Series. Any Resolution passed at a meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of a Series shall bind all other holders of that Series, irrespective of whether they attended the 
meeting and whether they voted in favour of the relevant Resolution. 
It should also be noted that after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of the Covered 
Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the 
Representative of the Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may 
only be exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, 
after the delivery of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the protection and exercise of the 
Covered Bondholders’ rights against the Covered Bond Guarantor and the security under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The Conditions limit the 
ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence proceedings against the Covered Bond 
Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to determine in accordance 
with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may 
commence any such individual actions.

--- Page 54 ---
52 
 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders' powers may affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between 
these interests, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or more 
Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not 
exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 75 per cent. of 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series. 
Credit Rating of the Covered Bonds may not reflect all risks 
The rating assigned to the Covered Bonds address, inter alia: 
(i) 
the likelihood of full and timely payment to Covered Bondholders of all payments of interest on each 
CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal in relation to Covered Bonds on (a) the Maturity Date 
thereof, or (b) if the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Maturity Date in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms, the Extended Maturity Date thereof.   
 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by 
DBRS. In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and 
Markets Authority (the ESMA) is obliged to maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) is obliged to maintain on its website, 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/search?q=fitch&type=Companies), a list of credit rating agencies registered and 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
The expected rating of the Covered Bonds is set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of Covered 
Bonds. The Rating Agency may lower its ratings or withdraw its rating if, in its sole judgement, the credit 
quality of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question, and the Issuer has not undertaken to 
maintain a rating. In addition, at any time the Rating Agency may revise its relevant rating methodology with 
the result that, amongst other things, any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds may be lowered. If any rating 
assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.   
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees 
charged by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or 
institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of one or more investment accounts, transfers of

--- Page 55 ---
53 
 
Covered Bonds, custody services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential 
investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the relevant 
Covered Bonds. Certain information in that respect are available under the section headed "General 
Information".  
Law 130 
Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of covered bonds in 2005. 
Law 130 was further amended during the following years, including on 30 November 2021 by way of the 
Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the “Decree 190/2021”) implementing Directive (EU) 
2019/2162, which aims at amending article 7-bis of Law 130. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of Law 130 as it relates to covered 
bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for (i) the MEF 
Decree setting out the technical requirements of the guarantee which may be given in respect of covered 
bonds, (ii) the BoI OBG Regulations concerning guidelines on the valuation of assets, the procedure for 
purchasing integration assets and controls required to ensure compliance with the legislation, and (iii) the 
clarifications, provided for by the Bank of Italy, to certain queries concerning the OBG Regulations 
submitted to the such authority by Italian banks and the Italian Banking Association (Associazione Bancaria 
Italiana). Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue further regulations relating 
to Law 130 or the interpretation thereof, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus.  
Change of law 
The structure of the Programme and, inter alia, the issue of the Covered Bonds and the rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds are based on the relevant law, tax and administrative practice in effect at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, and having due regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such law and 
practice.  
Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base Prospectus 
containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to 
reflect such changes.  
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European 
Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on 
the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the Directive); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the 
Regulation).  
The Regulation and the Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and introduce 
standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in particular, the new 
Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for 
favorable capital treatment, and the new Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered 
bonds across EU Member States. 
Member States had to transpose the Directive by 8 July 2021. Such deadline expired without the 
implementation having been made in Italy. The Regulation shall apply from 8 July 2022. The Issuer will 
need to implement the measures 8 July 2022 at the latest. 
On 30 November 2021 the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the Decree 190/2021) 
implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 was published in the Official Gazette No. 285 of 30 November 
2021 and entered into force on 1 December 2021. In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national 
legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) the possibility 
not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity 
requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance 
of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the

--- Page 56 ---
54 
 
liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference 
the final maturity date for the payment of principal. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations by 8 
July 2022. In these regulations, the Bank of Italy will also have to assess whether to exercise the option 
provided for in the Directive that allows Member States to lower the threshold of the minimum level of 
overcollateralization. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to the law (including any change in 
regulation which may occur without a change in primary legislation), tax or administrative practice or its 
interpretation will not change after the Issue Date of any Series or that such change will not adversely impact 
the structure of the Programme and the treatment of the Covered Bonds.  
For further details, see the sections headed “Regulatory Section” and “Covered Bond Legislative Package”. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to 
such “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent ongoing and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provisions of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the us of a 
benchmark, within the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, 
within the UK.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could (amongst other things) have 
the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “Benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “Benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead 
to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017 the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-
free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The 
€STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how 
long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an 
alternative benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forwards. 
This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on

--- Page 57 ---
55 
 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bond linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in 
whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred 
(including, but not limited to, a Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon 
a material change of a Reference Rate), if applicable, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 6(f) (Fallback Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided that 
if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the 
further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds shall apply. In certain 
circumstances, including but not limited to where the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest of the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Covered 
Bonds initially designated to be Floating Rate Covered Bonds. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been 
made on the Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer 
may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. In 
addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any 
potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Covered 
Bonds may not do so and may result in the Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the 
Covered Bonds, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the 
Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI OBG Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer and/or the Sellers (see 
paragraph headed "Controls over the transaction" under the section headed "Selected aspects of Italian 
law"), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer and the Sellers believe they have 
implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the relevant requirements, investors 
should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually 
performed and that any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and controls could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Covered Bond Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 58 ---
56 
 
Risks related to the Guarantor 
Covered Bond Guarantor only obliged to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee until service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders: 
(i) 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor, following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event 
of Default, respectively, of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice 
to Pay; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice. 
An Article 74 Notice to Pay can only be served if an Article 74 Event occurs and results in service by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Article 74 Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs and results in 
service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. A Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice can only be served if a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Events of Default occurs. 
Following service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (provided that (i) an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default has occurred 
and (ii) no Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice has been served) under the terms of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the Covered Bond Guarantor will be obliged to pay the Guaranteed Amounts as on the Due 
for Payment Date. Such payments will be subject to and will be made in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Default Priority of Payments. In these circumstances, other than the Guaranteed Amounts, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount, for example in respect of broken funding indemnities, 
penalties, premiums, default interest or interest on interest which may accrue on or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event 
of Default and service, respectively, of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a 
Notice to Pay, but prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered 
Bondholders, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the 
right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an 
exclusive basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the 
Issuer will be part of the Available Funds. 
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by either the MEF Decree or contractual 
agreements between the parties of the Covered Bond Guarantee, and there is no case-law or other official 
interpretation on this issue. Therefore, we cannot exclude that a court might uphold a Covered Bondholder’s 
right to act directly against the Issuer. 
Limited resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Covered Bond Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will 
depend on the realisable value of the Portfolio, the amount of principal and revenue proceeds generated by 
the Portfolio and/or the Eligible Investments and the timing thereof and amounts received from the Hedging 
Counterparties and the Account Banks. The Covered Bond Guarantor will not have any other source of funds 
available to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Portfolio, the Eligible Investments 
and the amounts received from the Hedging Counterparties and the Account Banks, may not be sufficient to 
meet the claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured Creditors 
have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they 
may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Issuer 
will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall.

--- Page 59 ---
57 
 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Nominal Value Test and the Amortisation Test have been 
structured to ensure that the Nominal Value of the Portfolio and the Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio 
Amount, as applicable, shall be greater than or equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds. In addition, the MEF Decree provide for certain further tests aimed at ensuring that (a) the net present 
value of the Eligible Portfolio (net of certain costs) shall be greater than or equal to the net present value of 
the Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the Portfolio (net of 
certain costs) shall be greater than or equal to the interest and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds. 
However there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall in the amounts available to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Reliance of the Covered Bond Guarantor on third parties 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed 
to perform services for the Covered Bond Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicers, the 
Master Servicer and the Special Servicers have been appointed, in accordance with the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement as to their respective duties and obligations, to service the Receivables and the Securities 
included in the Portfolio and the Asset Monitor has been appointed to monitor compliance with the Tests. In 
the event that any of those parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to which it is 
a party, the realisable value of the Portfolio or any part thereof may be affected, or, pending such realisation 
(if the Portfolio or any part thereof cannot be sold), the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if any of the Servicers has failed 
to adequately administer the Portfolio, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or default by 
Debtors. The Covered Bond Guarantor is also reliant on the Hedging Counterparties to provide it with the 
funds matching its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If an event of default occurs in relation to the Servicers and/or the Master Servicer and/or the Special 
Servicers pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then the Covered Bond Guarantor, with the prior 
written consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, will be entitled to terminate the 
appointment of the Servicers and/or the Master Servicer and/or the Special Servicers (as the case may be) 
and appoint a Successor Servicer and/or Successor Master Servicer and/or a Successor Special Servicer (as 
the case may be). There can be no assurance that a successor with sufficient experience in carrying out the 
activities of the Servicers and/or the Master Servicer and/or the Special Servicers would be found and would 
be willing and able to carry out the relevant activities on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The ability of 
a Successor Servicer and/or a Successor Master Servicer and/or a Successor Special Servicer to perform fully 
the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, software and records available 
at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a Successor Servicer and/or a Successor 
Master Servicer and/or a Successor Special Servicer may affect the realisable value of the Portfolio or any 
part thereof, and/or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as Servicer and/or 
Master Servicer and/or Special Servicer or to monitor the performance by the Servicers and/or the Master 
Servicer and/or the Special Servicers of their respective obligations. 
Reliance on Hedging Counterparties 
To provide a hedge against interest rate risks and/or currency risk in respect of each Series of the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme, the Covered Bond Guarantor may enter into the Liability Swaps with 
the Liability Hedging Counterparty. Additionally, to provide a hedge against interest rate risk and/or 
currency risk on the Portfolio, the Covered Bond Guarantor entered into the Asset Swaps with the Asset 
Hedging Counterparty. 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, 
then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap 
Agreement. A Hedging Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Master Agreement) only 
obliged to make payments to the Covered Bond Guarantor as long as the Covered Bond Guarantor complies 
with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. In circumstances where non-payment by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a default under that Swap 
Agreement, the Hedging Counterparty may be obliged to make payments to the Covered Bond Guarantor

--- Page 60 ---
58 
 
pursuant to the Master Agreements as if payment had been made by the Covered Bond Guarantor. Any 
amounts not paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor to a Hedging Counterparty may in such circumstances 
incur additional amounts of interest by the Covered Bond Guarantor, which would rank senior to amounts 
due on the Covered Bonds. If the Hedging Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in 
its obligations to make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor on the payment date under the Master Agreements, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will be exposed to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in 
the relevant rates of interest. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Covered Bond Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination 
payment to the relevant Hedging Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Covered Bond Guarantor 
will have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor 
can there be any assurance that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be able to enter into a subsequent swap 
agreement. 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Master Agreement, such 
termination payment may rank ahead of amounts due on the Covered Bonds and with amounts due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the 
ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
No Gross-up for Taxes by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Covered Bond Guarantor will make the required 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered 
Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Value of the Portfolio 
The Covered Bond Guarantee granted by the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will 
be backed by the Portfolio and the recourse against the Covered Bond Guarantor will be limited to such 
assets. The value of the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets may decrease (for example if there is a general 
decline in property values). The Sellers make no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a real 
estate asset will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage Loan 
or at any other time. If the residential and/or commercial property market in Italy experiences an overall 
decline in property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, ultimately, 
may result in losses to the Covered Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced. 
Risks related to the underlying 
Limits to the integration 
Under the BoI OBG Regulations, any integration, whether through Eligible Assets or Integration Assets shall 
be carried out in accordance with the modalities, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI OBG 
Regulations (see paragraph headed "Tests set out in the MEF Decree" under the section headed "Selected 
aspects of Italian law"). 
More specifically, under the BoI OBG Regulations, integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of (i) 
complying with the tests provided for under the MEF Decree; (ii) complying with any contractual 
overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements; or (iii) complying with 
the Integration Assets Limit. 
Investors should note that the integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI 
OBG Regulations and specified above. 
Limited description of the Portfolio 
Covered Bondholders may not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Eligible Assets and 
Integration Assets included in the Portfolio, because it is expected that the constitution of the Portfolio will 
frequently change due to, for instance: 
(i) 
the Sellers selling further Eligible Assets and Integration Assets;

--- Page 61 ---
59 
 
(ii) 
the Sellers (for so long as they act as the Servicers in the context of the Programme) being granted 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor with wide powers to renegotiate the terms and conditions of the 
Receivables and the Securities included in the Portfolio; and 
(iii) 
the Sellers repurchasing certain Eligible Assets and Integration Assets in the limited circumstances 
provided for under the Master Transfer Agreement; and 
However, each Receivable and Security being, from time to time, part of the Portfolio, will be required to 
meet the Criteria and/or the characteristics (as applicable) set out in the Master Transfer Agreement and to 
conform to the representations and warranties granted by the Sellers under the Master Transfer Agreement 
(see paragraph headed "Master Transfer Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the 
Transaction Documents"). In addition, the Tests are intended to ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor’s assets to the Covered Bonds is maintained at a certain minimum level and the 
Asset Cover Report to be provided by the Calculation Agent on the Business Day prior to each Calculation 
Date will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the Tests. 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, an Additional Seller may sell to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, and the latter shall purchase, Eligible Assets and Integration Assets, subject to, inter alia: 
(i) the execution of a master transfer agreement by such Additional Seller, substantially in the form of the 
Master Transfer Agreement, and (ii) the granting of a subordinated loan by such Additional Seller for the 
purpose of financing the purchase of Eligible Assets or Integration Assets from it, in accordance with the 
provision of a subordinated loan agreement to be executed substantially in the form of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement.  
Sale of Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an 
Issuer Event of Default 
Following the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or of a Notice to Pay 
and prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Defaults, if necessary in order to effect 
timely payments under the Covered Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agents, the Servicers, or any 
other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall sell Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets, in accordance with, and 
subject to, the terms of the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets at the 
times required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained 
for such Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets, which may affect payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets may not be sold by the Servicers, or any 
other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor for an amount lower than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds until 6 (six) months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Covered 
Bonds or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date in 
respect of such Covered Bonds. If, inter alia, Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets have not been sold 
(in whole or in part) in an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount by the date which is 
6 (six) months prior to the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date of a Series of Covered Bonds, the 
Servicers, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name 
and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, is obliged to sell the Selected Assets and/or the Integration 
Assets for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount (see paragraph headed "Portfolio Administration Agreement" under the 
section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents"). 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice is 
served on the Covered Bond Guarantor, then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in the 
name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, direct the Servicers, or any other third party appointed 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to sell the Selected Assets and/or the Integration Assets 
as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at that time (see paragraph 
headed "Portfolio Administration Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the Transaction 
Documents").

--- Page 62 ---
60 
 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Portfolio will be in an amount sufficient to repay 
all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the 
Transaction Documents. If a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Portfolio or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the realisable value of the assets included in the Portfolio may be reduced 
(which may affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee) by, inter alia: 
(i) 
default by the Debtors on amounts due in respect of Eligible Assets and Integration Assets; 
(ii) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Eligible Assets and Integration Assets included in the 
Portfolio; 
(iii) 
limited recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(iv) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory authorities; 
(v) 
adverse movement of the interest rate; 
(vi) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure; and 
(vii) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Eligible Assets and Integration Assets being 
unenforceable. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Amortisation 
Test is intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Eligible Assets and Integration Assets in 
the Portfolio and monies standing to the credit of the Accounts to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
repay the Covered Bonds following an Issuer Event of Default, service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor and, accordingly, it is expected (although there is no assurance) that 
Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets could be realised for sufficient values to enable the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Default by Debtors in paying amounts due on Receivables or Securities 
Debtors may default on their obligations due under the Receivables or the Securities for a variety of reasons. 
The Eligible Assets and Integration Assets are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various 
factors influence delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of 
interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic 
conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, political developments and government policies. Certain factors may lead to an increase in 
default by the Debtors and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of the Debtors to repay the 
Receivables or the Securities. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Sellers 
The Receivables originated by the Sellers will have been originated in accordance with their respective 
lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Sellers’ lending criteria will generally 
consider term of loan, indemnity guarantee policies, status of applicants and credit history. In the event of the 
sale or transfer of any Receivable to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Sellers will warrant that such 
Receivables were originated in accordance with the relevant Sellers’ lending criteria applicable at the time of 
origination. Each Seller retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time, subject to the terms 
of the Master Transfer Agreement. However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that affects the 
creditworthiness of the Receivables, that may lead to increased defaults by Debtors and may affect the 
realisable value of the Portfolio and the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. However, Defaulted Assets in the Portfolio will be given a zero weighting for the 
purposes of the calculation of the Tests.

--- Page 63 ---
61 
 
Mortgage Loans performance 
The Receivables which shall be included in the Portfolio will be performing as at the relevant Selection Date. 
There can be no guarantee that the relevant Debtors will not default under the Mortgage Loans and that they 
will therefore continue to perform. The recovery of amounts due in relation to non-performing loans will be 
subject to the effectiveness of enforcement proceedings in respect of the Mortgage Loans, which in the 
Republic of Italy can take a considerable time, depending on the type of action required and where such 
action is taken and on several other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in 
the enforcement of the Mortgage Loans and the relevant mortgages may take longer than the national 
average; obtaining title deeds from land registries which are in the process of computerising their records can 
take up to two or three years; further time is required if it is necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto 
ingiuntivo) and if the relevant Debtor raises a defence or counterclaim to the proceedings. According to the 
latest statistics published by the Ministry of Justice with regard to data as at 2013, the recovery period for 
loans in respect of which recovery is by foreclosure proceedings on the related mortgaged real estate usually 
lasts three years and six months, although such period may vary significantly depending upon, inter alia, the 
type and location of the related mortgaged real estate and the other factors described above. 
Recently, new legal provisions have been introduced in order to speed up legal proceedings. In particular, 
Law Decree no. 59 of 2 May 2016, as converted into Law no. 119 of 30 June 2016, implemented new 
provisions, which interested: 
(i) 
the Italian Insolvency Law, by introducing the possibility of using electronic technologies for 
hearings and for meetings of creditors. Furthermore, failure to comply with the time limits for the 
proceedings, established in Article 110, Paragraph 1, of the Italian Insolvency Law, is envisaged as a 
fair reason for removing the receiver; and 
(ii) 
 the Italian Code of Civil Procedure, providing for:  
(a) 
the inadmissibility of opposing the forced sale once the sale or allocation of the asset has 
been decreed;  
(b) 
the immediate enforceability of the judges’s orderwhen the debtor’s opposition is not based 
on documentary proof;  
(c) 
simplification of the procedure for the transfer of the property;  
(d) 
the possibility for the debtor’s assets to be allocated to a third party yet to be nominated;  
(e) 
the obligation to proceed with sales on the basis of electronic modalities, and the right for the 
judge, after three auctions without bidders, to lower the basic price up to a half; 
(f) 
the possibility, for the judge and for the professionals entrusted with selling, to proceed with 
partial distributions of the sums obtained from the forced sales. 
The above provisions are expected to reduce the length of the enforcement proceedings. 
Prepayment and renegotiations 
Debtors are generally entitled to prepay their loans at any time. In the case of mutui fondiari the right to 
prepay the loan is provided for by Article 40 of the Banking Law.  
In addition, pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 141 enacted on 13 August 2010, Article 120-quater has been 
added to the Banking Law for the purposes of providing debtors with certain rights and benefits, including 
the right to prepay their loans at any time, funding such prepayment by a loan granted by another lender 
(bank or other financial intermediary) which will be subrogated pursuant to article 1202 of the Italian Civil 
Code, into the rights of the original lender (surrogazione per volontà del debitore). The subrogation is 
effective regardless of the fact that the credit is still not due or that a term of payment in favour of the 
original lender had been agreed between the debtor and the original lender itself. Further to the subrogation, 
the lender will automatically replace the original lender also in relation to all guarantees to the relevant loan 
and no costs and expenses may be charged on the debtor.  
Article 120-quater of the Banking Law was subsequently amended by Article 8, paragraph 8 of Law Decree 
No. 70 of 13 May 2011, converted into Law No. 106 enacted on 12 July 2011, according to which the 
provisions of Article 120-quater apply to loan agreements entered into between the bank or other financial

--- Page 64 ---
62 
 
intermediary and individuals or small companies (micro-imprese). Article 120-quarter was further amended 
by Law 24 March 2012, No. 27 and Law Decree No. 179 of 18 October 2012, converted into Law No. 221 
enacted on 17 December 2012, which respectively have introduced certain amendments (including, inter 
alia, to the timing for completion of the prepayment transactions and manner of calculating the penalty due 
by the bank). 
 
Legal risks relating to the Mortgage Loans 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Mortgage Loans is 
subject to a number of legal risks. Further details on certain considerations in relation to the regulation of 
mortgages in Italy are set out in the section headed "Selected Aspects of Italian law” and certain specific 
risks are set out below: 
Mortgage borrower protection: Certain legislations enacted in Italy, have given new rights and certain 
benefits to mortgage debtors and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia 
 
(i) 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty  
(ii) 
the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan and 
(iii) 
the right to suspend instalments payments relating to martgage loans.  
Further details are set out in the section headed “Selected Aspects of Italian law Mortgage Borrower 
protection”. These legislations constitute an adverse effect on the cover pool and, in particular, on any cash 
flow projections concerning the cover pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required. However, as this 
legislation is relatively new, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to predict its 
impact. 
Mortgage Credit Directive: Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 
February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the Mortgage Credit 
Directive) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a 
mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property. 
In taly the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016, implementing the 
Mortgage Credit Directive and published on the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy on 20 May 2016 
(the Mortgage Legislative Decree), which, moreover, sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and 
transparency and information undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to 
the consumers and provides that the parties may agree under the loan agreements that in case of breach of the 
borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement (i.e. non-payment of at least eighteen loan instalments 
due and payable by the  debtor) the property of the debtor subject to security or the proceeds deriving from 
the sale thereof can be transferred to the creditor in discharge of the entire debt even if the value of the asset 
or the proceeds deriving from the of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the debtor in 
relation to the loan. Given the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such new 
legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Further details are set out in the 
section headed "Selected Aspects of Italian law –Mortgage Credit Directive”. No assurance can be given that 
the implementation of the Mortgage Legislative Decree will not adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor 
to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Patto Marciano:  
On May 2016, 2016, Law Decree 3 May 2016, no. 59 (Decree 59) came into force introducing, inter alia, a 
new article 48-bis into the Banking Law (Article 48-bis). The Decree 59 has been converted into Law No. 
119 of 30 June 2016, as published in the Offical Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 153 of 2 July 2016. 
Pursuant to Article 48-bis, a loan agreement entered into between an entrepreneur and a bank, or another 
entity authorised to grant loans to the public pursuant to article 106 of the Banking Law, may be secured by 
transferring to the creditor (or to a company of the creditor’s group authorised to purchase, hold, manage and

--- Page 65 ---
63 
 
transfer rights in rem in immovable property), the ownership of a property or of another immovable right of 
the entrepreneur or of a third party (which is not the main home of the owner, of the spouse or of his relatives 
and inlaws up to the third degree). Such transfer is subject to the condition precedent of the debtor defaulting 
(so-called “Patto Marciano”, hereafter the Covenant). Given the novelty of this new legislation andthe 
absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of  Article 48-bis may not be predicted as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. Further details are set out in the section headed "Selected Aspects of Italian law – 
Patto Marciano”. 
 
Risk related to the market 
Limited secondary market  
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered 
Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Covered Bonds generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered 
Bonds. In addition, Covered Bonds issued under the Programme might not be rated or listed on a stock 
exchange or regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to 
obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In an illiquid 
market, an investor might not be able to sell his Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The 
possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. In addition, 
liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered 
Bonds and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and 
monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal and/or tax advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can 
be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge 
of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators 
to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules.

--- Page 66 ---
64 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
History and organisation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Origins 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the result of the merger by incorporation of Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. with Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
(effective 1 January 2007). 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. was originally established in 1925 under the name of La Centrale and invested in the 
business of the production and distribution of electricity. After the nationalisation of companies in this sector 
in the early 1960s, the company changed its name to La Centrale Finanziaria Generale, acquiring equity 
investments in various companies in the banking, insurance and publishing sector. The company merged by 
incorporation with Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano in 1985 and assumed its name and constitutional objects. 
Following the acquisition of Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde S.p.A. (Cariplo) in January 
1998, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to Gruppo Banca Intesa. Then, in 2001, Banca 
Commerciale Italiana S.p.A. was merged into Gruppo Banca Intesa and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name 
was changed to "Banca Intesa Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A.". On 1 January 2003 the corporate name 
was changed to "Banca Intesa S.p.A.". 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. (Sanpaolo IMI) was formed in 1998 through the merger of Istituto Mobiliare Italiano 
S.p.A. (IMI) and Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino S.p.A. (Sanpaolo). 
Sanpaolo originated from the "Compagnia di San Paolo" brotherhood, which was set up in 1563 to help the 
needy. The "Compagnia di San Paolo" began undertaking credit activities and progressively developed into a 
banking institution during the nineteenth century, becoming a public law credit institution (Istituto di Credito 
di Diritto Pubblico) in 1932. Between 1960 and 1990, Sanpaolo expanded its network nationwide through a 
number of acquisitions of local banks and medium-sized regional banks, ultimately reaching the level of a 
multifunctional group of national importance in 1991 after its acquisition of Crediop. On 31 December 1991, 
Sanpaolo became a stock corporation (società per azioni) with the name Istituto Bancario San Paolo di 
Torino Società per Azioni. 
IMI was established as a public law entity in 1931 and during the 1980s it developed its specialist credit and 
investment banking services and, with Banca Fideuram, its professional asset management and financial 
consultancy services. IMI became a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) in 1991. 
The merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI and the creation of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
The boards of directors of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI unanimously approved the merger of Sanpaolo 
IMI with Banca Intesa on 12 October 2006 and the merger became effective on 1 January 2007. The 
surviving entity changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the parent company of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. 
UBI Banca S.p.A. 
Unione di Banche Italiane S.p.A. (UBI Banca) is the entity resulting from the merger by incorporation of 
Banca Lombarda e Piemontese S.p.A. into Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.a. (the Merger). The Merger became 
legally effective on 1 April 2007, with the surviving entity, BPU, changing its name to UBI Banca. On 12 
October 2015, UBI Banca was the first Italian banca popolare to become a Joint Stock Company (S.p.A.). 
On 12 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders' meeting of UBI Banca appointed a Board of Directors and a 
Management Control Committee for the three-year period 2019-2020-2021, implementing the one-tier 
governance model adopted on 19 October 2018 through the resolution of a shareholders' meeting in 
extraordinary session.

--- Page 67 ---
65 
 
The merger between Intesa Sanpaolo and UBI Banca 
Intesa Sanpaolo acquired the control of UBI Banca on 5 August 2020 and merged it by incorporation on 12 
April 2021. 
Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo is a company limited by shares, incorporated in 1925 under the laws of Italy and registered 
with the Companies' Registry of Turin under registration number 00799960158. It is also registered on the 
National Register of Banks under no. 5361 and is the parent company of "Gruppo Intesa Sanpaolo". Intesa 
Sanpaolo operates subject to the Banking Law. 
Registered Office 
Intesa Sanpaolo's registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy) and its telephone number 
is +39 0115551. Intesa Sanpaolo's secondary office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan (Italy). The LEI 
Code of the Issuer is 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08. 
Website 
The website of the Issuer is www.intesasanpaolo.com. 
The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained 
therein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Intesa Sanpaolo purpose 
The purpose of Intesa Sanpaolo is the deposit-taking and the carrying-on of all forms of lending activities, 
both directly and through its subsidiaries. Intesa Sanpaolo may, in compliance with laws and regulations 
applicable from time to time and subject to being granted the required authorisations, directly and thourgh its 
subsidiaries, provide all banking and financial services, including the establishment and management of 
open-ended and closed-ended pension schemes, as well carry out any other transactions that are instrumental 
to, or related to, the achievement of its corporate purpose. 
Ratings 
The credit ratings assigned to Intesa Sanpaolo are the following: 
• BBB (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS Morningstar); 
• BBB by Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch Ratings); 
• Baa1 by Moody’s France S.A.S. (Moody’s); and 
• BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P Global Ratings). 
 
Each of DBRS Morningstar, Fitch Ratings, Moody’s and S&P Global Ratings is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA Regulation) and appears on the 
latest 
update 
of 
the 
list 
of 
registered 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
The rating (i) Moody's will give to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, (ii) 
S&P Global Ratings will give to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, (iii) 
Fitch Ratings will give to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, and (iv) DBRS Morningstar 
by DBRS Ratings Limited, each of which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
I 060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).

--- Page 68 ---
66 
 
Share Capital 
As at 21 December 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo's issued and paid-up share capital amounted to 
€10,084,445,147.92, divided into 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares without nominal value. Since 21 December  
2021, there has been no change to Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital. The Issuer is not aware of any 
arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of 
control of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change of control of the Issuer.  
 
Organisational Structure of the Divisions as at 26 November 2021 
 
 
 
 
Managing 
Director and CEO  
C. Messina 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banca 
dei 
Territori(*) 
Division 
 
IMI Corporate 
& Investment 
Banking 
Division 
 
International 
Subsidiary 
Banks 
Division 
 
Private 
Banking 
Division 
 
Asset 
Management 
Division 
 
Insurance 
Division 
S. Barrere 
 
M. Micillo 
 
M.E. Rottigni 
 
T.Corcos 
 
S. Perissinotto  
N.M. Fioravanti 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo; 
Banca 5 
 
Banca 
Intesa (**); 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Ireland; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank 
Luxembourg; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Brasil 
 
Banca 
Intesa 
Beograd; 
Bank 
of 
Alexandria; 
CIB Bank; 
Eximbank; 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank 
(***); 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank 
Albania; 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank 
Romania; 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina; 
Pravex Bank; 
Privredna 
Banka Zagreb; 
VUB Banka 
 
Fideuram; 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Private 
Banking; 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Private Bank 
(Suisse) 
Morval; 
IW Bank; 
REYL & Cie; 
SIREF 
Fiduciaria 
 
Eurizon (#) 
 
Bancassurance 
Popolari;  
Cargeas 
Assicurazioni; 
Fideuram Vita; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Assicura; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Life; 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
RBM Salute 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Vita; 
Lombarda Vita; 
Assicurazioni 
Vita 
 (*) Domestic commercial banking 
(**) Russian Federation 
(***) Slovenia 
(#) The parent company Eurizon Capital SGR controls Eurizon Capital S.A., Epsilon SGR, Eurizon Asset 
Management Slovakia, Eurizon Asset Management Hungary, PBZ Invest, Eurizon Capital Real Asset SGR, 
Eurizon SLJ Capital LTD and Eurizon Capital Asia Limited

--- Page 69 ---
67 
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is one of the top banking groups in Europe and is committed to supporting the 
economy in the countries in which it operates, specifically in Italy where it is also committed to becoming a 
reference model in terms of sustainability and social and cultural responsibility. 
In Italy, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a banking group in Italy with 13.5 million customers and 
approximately 4,200 branches.  
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a provider of financial products and services to both households and 
enterprises in Italy. 
The Group has a strategic international presence, with approximately 1,000 branches and 7.1 million 
customers. It is among the top players in several countries in Central Eastern Europe and in the Middle East 
and North Africa, through its local subsidiary banks: the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ranks first in Serbia, second 
in Croatia and Slovakia, fourth in Albania and Slovenia, fifth in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Egypt,sixth in 
Moldova,and seventh in Hungary. 
As at 30 September 2021, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group had total assets of  €1,071,418 million, customer 
loans of €463,295 million, direct deposits from banking business of €535,746 million and direct deposits 
from insurance business and technical reserves of  €203,538 million.  
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates through six divisions: 
a) 
The Banca dei Territori division: focuses on the market and centrality of the territory for stronger 
relations with individuals, small and medium-sized entreprises and non-profit entities. The division 
includes activities in industrial credit, leasing and factoring, –as well as in instant banking through 
the partnership between the subsidiary Banca 5 and SisalPay (Mooney). 
b) 
The IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division: a global partner which, taking a medium-long 
term view, supports corporates, financial institutions and public administration, both nationally and 
internationally. Its main activities include capital markets and investment banking. The division is 
present in 25 countries where it facilitates the cross-border activities of its customers through a 
specialist network made up of branches, representative offices and subsidiary banks focused on 
corporate banking.  
c) 
The International Subsidiary Banks division: includes the following commercial banking 
subsidiaries: Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania in Albania, Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i Hercegovina 
in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Privredna Banka Zagreb in Croatia, the Prague branch of VUB Banka in 
the Czech Republic, Bank of Alexandria in Egypt, Eximbank in Moldova, CIB Bank in Hungary, 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania in Romania, Banca Intesa Beograd in Serbia, VUB Banka in 
Slovakia,Intesa Sanpaolo Bank in Slovenia and Pravex Bank in Ukraine. 
d) 
The Private Banking division: serves the customer segment consisting of Private clients and High 
Net Worth Individuals with the offering of products and services tailored for this segment. The 
division includes Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking with 6,626 private bankers. 
e) 
The Asset Management division: asset management solutions targeted at the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's customers, commercial networks outside the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, and the institutional 
clientele. The division includes Eurizon with €351 billion of assets under management. 
f) 
The Insurance division: insurance and pension products tailored for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
clients. The division holds direct deposits and technical reserves of €204 billion and includes Intesa 
Sanpaolo Vita, which controls Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura and Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute and 
Cargeas Assicurazioni – Fideuram Vita, Bancassurance Popolari, Lombarda Vita and Assicurazioni 
Vita. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the last two years 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2020 – Highlights

--- Page 70 ---
68 
 
Integration of the UBI Group. 
 
The acceptance period for the voluntary public purchase and exchange offer (below “Offer” or “Public 
Offer”) launched by Intesa Sanpaolo for a maximum of 1,144,285,146 ordinary shares of Unione di Banche 
Italiane S.p.A. (UBI Banca), representing all subscribed and paid-in share capital, ended on 30 July 2020. 
The private placement of UBI Banca shares reserved for “qualified institutional buyers” launched by Intesa 
Sanpaolo in the United States also ended on that date (the Private Placement). 
 
Detailed information about the Offer is provided in the offer document, the information document and all the 
legally-required documentation made available, together with the individual announcements made regarding 
the progress of the Offer and its outcome. The Offer was amended on 17 July 2020 following the increase in 
the consideration per share, through the establishment of a cash consideration of €0.57 for each UBI Banca 
share tendered in acceptance, and that the acceptance period was extended ex officio by CONSOB from 28 
July 2020 to 30 July 2020, pursuant to Article 40, paragraph 4, of the Issuers’ Regulation, through 
Resolution No. 21460 of 27 July 2020. 
 
Furthermore, to prevent possible antitrust concerns, on 17 February 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER Banca 
(below also “BPER”) entered into a binding agreement, conditional on the success of the Public Offer 
(BPER Agreement), which provides for the purchase by BPER of a going concern consisting of a pool of 
branches of the entity resulting from the combination of Intesa Sanpaolo with UBI Banca. The original 
agreement provided for the sale of around 400/500 branches of the combined entity and the related assets and 
liabilities for a consideration equal to a multiple of 0.55 times the CET 1 of UBI Banca allocated to the 
branches identified as being subject of the sale. Subsequently, to take appropriate account of the economic 
situation generated by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, and following discussions held between 
Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER, the pricing mechanism described above was modified by establishing a 
consideration for the above-mentioned going concern equal to 0.38 times the value of the fully-loaded CET 1 
at the reference date allocated to the risk-weighted assets of the branches to be sold. In order to remove the 
specific antitrust concerns raised by the Italian Antitrust Authority (AGCM), on 15 June 2020 Intesa 
Sanpaolo negotiated and signed an agreement supplementing the BPER Agreement under which the number 
of branches to be transferred was increased (from 400/500 to 532, of which 501 of UBI Banca and 31 of 
Intesa Sanpaolo) with the precise identification of the details and consequent redefinition of the estimated 
values. By decision adopted at the meeting of 14 July 2020 and notified to Intesa Sanpaolo on 16 July 2020, 
AGCM approved the transaction for the acquisition of control of UBI Banca subject to the execution of 
structural sales in accordance with the BPER Agreement and the commitments made by Intesa Sanpaolo. 
Through a specific press release on 30 September 2020, it was announced that the parties had identified as 
the period currently envisaged for the closing of the sale to BPER the second half of February 2021 with 
regard to the UBI Banca branches and the second quarter of 2021 with regard to the Intesa Sanpaolo 
branches.  
 
Based on the final results – announced to the market on 3 August 2020 – a total of 1,031,958,027 UBI Banca 
shares were tendered in acceptance of the Offer during the acceptance period (including those tendered in 
acceptance through the Private Placement), equal to approximately 90.184% of the share capital of UBI 
Banca. As a result of the settlement of the Offer (and of the Private Placement) and on the basis of the results 
of the Offer (and of the Private Placement), the offeror came to hold a total of 1,041,458,904 UBI Banca 
shares, representing approximately 91.0139% of the share capital of UBI Banca, given that (i) the offeror 
Intesa Sanpaolo held, directly and indirectly (including through fiduciary companies or nominees) a total of 
249,077 ordinary shares of the Issuer, equal to 0.0218% and (ii) UBI Banca held 9,251,800 own shares equal 
to 0.8085% of the share capital of the Issuer. 
 
Lastly, acceptances “with reserves” were also received in respect of a total number of 334,454 UBI Banca 
shares from 103 acceptors. These acceptances have not been counted for determining the percent acceptance 
of the Offer. Based on the final results indicated above, the Percentage Threshold Condition (i.e. the 
condition that the offeror comes to hold an overall interest at least equal to 66.67% of the Issuer’s share 
capital) was fulfilled and all the other conditions precedent of the Offer were fulfilled or, as the case may be, 
waived by Intesa Sanpaolo. As a result, the Offer was effective and was able to be completed.

--- Page 71 ---
69 
 
On 5 August 2020, in exchange for the transfer of the ownership of the UBI Banca shares, Intesa Sanpaolo 
issued and assigned the acceptors of the Offer a total of 1,754,328,645 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, 
representing 9.107% of the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo, based on the ratio of 1.7000 Intesa Sanpaolo 
shares to 1 UBI Banca share. In addition, on 19 August 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo paid the entitled parties the 
cash consideration (i.e. €0.57 for each UBI Banca share tendered in acceptance) which amounted to a total of 
€588,216,075.39. 
 
The interest held directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo in the share capital of UBI Banca at the end of the 
acceptance period was more than 90%, but less than 95%, which meant that the conditions were met for the 
compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, with 
Intesa Sanpaolo having already declared in the offer document that it would not implement measures to 
restore the minimum free float conditions for normal trading of the UBI Banca ordinary shares. Therefore, 
pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, Intesa Sanpaolo was required to 
purchase the remaining ordinary shares from the shareholders of UBI Banca who requested it, for a total 
amount of 112,327,119 UBI Banca shares and representing 9.8163% of the share capital. The consideration 
per remaining share, identified in accordance with the provisions of Article 108, paragraphs 3 and 5, of the 
Consolidated Law on Finance, was determined as follows: 
 
a consideration equal to that offered to the acceptors of the Public Purchase and Exchange Offer, 
namely 1.7000 newly issued Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares and €0.57 for each UBI Banca share 
tendered in acceptance; or, alternatively, 
 
 
only to the shareholders so requesting, a cash consideration in full whose amount for each UBI 
Banca share, calculated in accordance with Article 50-ter, paragraph 1, letter a) of the Issuers’ 
Regulations, was equal to the sum of (x) the weighted average of the official prices of the ISP shares 
recorded on the Mercato Telematico Azionario (electronic stock exchange) during the five trading 
days prior to the payment date (i.e. on 29, 30 and 31 July, and 3 and 4 August 2020) multiplied by 
the exchange ratio (€2.969) and (y) €0.57, for a total consideration of €3.539 per remaining share. 
 
 
The compulsory squeeze-out procedure, pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated 
Law on Finance, which was carried out between 24 August and 11 September 2020, resulted in sale 
requests for a total of 90,691,202 remaining shares, representing 7.9256% of the share capital of UBI 
Banca and 80.7385% of the remaining shares. With reference to the 90,691,202 remaining shares: 
 
 
for 87,853,597 remaining shares, the owners have requested the consideration established for the 
Public Offer; and 
 
 
for the other 2,837,605 remaining shares, the owners have requested the cash consideration in full, 
i.e. 3.539 per remaining share. 
 
Taking into account (a) the 1,031,958,027 shares tendered in acceptance of the Offer, (b) the 90,691,202 
remaining shares purchased through the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated 
Law on Finance, (c) the 131,645 ordinary shares of the Issuer held directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo 
and (d) the 8,903,302 own shares held by UBI Banca, Intesa Sanpaolo, following the procedure pursuant to 
Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, came to hold a total of 1,131,684,176 UBI 
Banca shares, equal to 98.8988% of the share capital of UBI Banca. Intesa Sanpaolo made the payment of 
the consideration for the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108 paragraph 2 of the Consolidated 
Law on Finance on 17 September 2020 through: 
 
 
the issuance of 149,351,114 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.77% of the bank’s share 
capital, and the payment of a consideration of €50,076,550.29 to the accepting shareholders who 
chose the consideration established for the Offer; and 
 
 
the payment of €10,042,284.10 for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash consideration 
in full. 
 
Subsequent to the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, Intesa 
Sanpaolo, having come to hold more than 95% of the share capital of UBI Banca, exercised its right of

--- Page 72 ---
70 
 
squeeze-out pursuant to Article 111 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and, at the same time, carried out 
the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 1 of the Consolidated Law on Finance for the 
shareholders of UBI Banca that requested it, through a specific joint procedure that, as agreed with 
CONSOB and Borsa Italiana (the “Joint Procedure”), was carried out in the period 18 - 29 September 2020. 
The Joint Procedure targeted a maximum of 21,635,917 UBI Banca residual shares. The consideration 
established in the Joint Procedure was the same as that paid for the shares purchased in the procedure 
pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance. During the Joint Procedure, sale 
requests were submitted for a total of 3,013,070 remaining shares, i.e. 13.9262% of the shares subject to the 
procedure.  
More specifically: 
 
 
for 408,474 shares, the owners requested the consideration established for the Public Offer; and 
 
 
for the other 2,604,596 shares, the owners requested the cash consideration in full, i.e. € 3.539 per 
remaining share.  
 
No sale requests were submitted by the owners of the 18,622,847 remaining shares. Such residual shares also 
include 8,877,911 own shares (representing 0.7758% of the Issuer’s share capital) held by UBI Banca and 
120,985 UBI Banca ordinary shares held on own account by Intesa Sanpaolo before 17 February 2020, the 
announcement date of the Offer. The UBI Banca own shares and UBI Banca ordinary shares held on own 
account by Intesa Sanpaolo were not transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo under the Joint Procedure. Intesa 
Sanpaolo made the payment of the consideration for the Joint Procedure on 5 October 2020 through: 
 
 
the issuance of 17,055,121 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.09% of the bank’s share 
capital and the payment of a consideration of €5,718,482.25 to the accepting shareholders who chose 
the consideration established for the Offer and to the shareholders that did not submit any sale 
requests; and 
 
 
the payment of €9,217,655.24 for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash consideration in 
full. 
 
Following the conclusion of the Joint Procedure, Intesa Sanpaolo came to hold 100% of the share capital of 
UBI Banca. 
 
Lastly, with resolution no. 8693 of 17 September 2020, Borsa Italiana ordered the delisting of UBI Banca 
shares from trading on the Mercato Telematico Azionario (electronic stock exchange) as of 5 October 2020 
(the settlement date of the Joint Procedure), subject to suspension of the shares during the sessions of 1 and 2 
October 2020. 
 
Merger of Banca IMI 
Intesa Sanpaolo announced on 2 April 2020 that following authorisation given by the European Central 
Bank, the plan for the merger by incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed with the 
Companies Register of Turin. The merger, which was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo 
on 5 May 2020 and by the shareholders’ meeting of Banca IMI, was completed on 20 July 2020. 
 
2020 Annual General Meeting 
 
On 27 April 2020, the annual general meeting of the shareholders of Intesa Sanpaolo approved, inter alia, the 
parent company’s 2019 financial statements and, further to the Board of Directors’ decision to suspend the 
proposal regarding dividend distribution to shareholders, allocation to reserves of the net income for the 
2019 financial year. The shareholders’ meeting also resolved to grant powers to the Board of Directors to 
implement a share capital increase by 31 December 2020 by a maximum total amount of €1,011,548,072.60 
to serve the UBI Banca voluntary public exchange offer. 
 
Agreement with Trade Unions in respect of at least 5,000 voluntary exits and up to 2,500 new hires by 
2023

--- Page 73 ---
71 
 
 
On 30 September 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it signed an agreement with the national Secretariats 
and Group Trade Delegations FABI, FIRST CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN, which aims at 
enabling generational change at no social cost, while continuing to ensure an alternative to the possible paths 
for staff reskilling and redeployment as well as the enhancement of the skills of people of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group resulting from the acquisition of UBI Banca finalised on 5 August 2020.  
 
The agreement identifies ways and criteria to reach the target of at least 5,000 exits on a voluntary basis by 
2023, with Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s people either to retire or access the solidarity fund.  
 
Furthermore, by 2023, indefinite-term employment contracts will be signed according to the proportion of 
one hire for each two voluntary exits, up to 2,500 hires, against a minimum of 5,000 envisaged voluntary 
exits, a calculation which does not include the exits of people who will be moved due to the transfers of 
business lines. The new hires will support the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s growth and its new activities, with a 
focus on the branch Network and on the disadvantaged areas of the country, including through the 
“stabilisation” of people currently on fixed-term contracts. The Intesa Sanpaolo Group envisages that at least 
half of the hires will concern the provinces in which UBI Banca has its historical roots (Bergamo, Brescia, 
Cuneo and Pavia) and the South of Italy. The agreement has been signed well ahead of the deadline 
originally planned for year-end, thus highlighting the effective progress of the integration process.  
 
Specifically, the agreement provides that:  
 
 
the offer relating to the voluntary exits is addressed to all the people of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s 
Italian companies which apply the CCNL Credito (bank employees National Collective Labour 
Contract), including the managers;  
 
 
people who meet the retirement requirements by 31 December 2026, including by applying the 
calculation rules “Quota 100” and “Opzione donna”, may subscribe to the offer in accordance with 
the ways communicated by the Group;  
 
 
people who subscribed to the Intesa Sanpaolo 29 May 2019 Agreement or the UBI Group 14 January 
2020 Agreement but were not included in the lists can submit requests for voluntary exit under 
defined terms; and 
 
 
in the event that applications for retirement or access to the Solidarity Fund are in excess of the 
number of 5,000, a single list will be drawn up at Group level based on the date when the retirement 
requirement is met. The list will give priority to those people who have previously subscribed to the 
former Intesa Sanpaolo Group 29 May 2019 agreement or to the former UBI Group 14 January 2020 
agreement and have not been included among the envisaged exits, as well as to people entitled to 
provisions under art. 3, paragraph 3 of Law 104/1992 for themselves, and to disabled people with a 
disability of at least 67%.  
 
Capital requirement set by the ECB 
On 25 November 2020 following the communication received from the ECB in relation to the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"), Intesa Sanpaolo announced that the Bank, on a consolidated basis, 
must continue to meet the capital requirement that was established last year.  
The overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.44% under 
the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 8.63% on a fully loaded basis. 
 
This is the result of: 
 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.5% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital

--- Page 74 ---
72 
 
requirement of 1.5%, of which 0.844% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying the regulatory 
amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
o a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% on a fully loaded basis from 2019, 
o an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.56% under the 
transitional arrangements for 2020 and 0.75% on a fully loaded basis in 2021, and 
o a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.032% under the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 
0.037% on a fully loaded basis in 2021 (1). 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo’s capital ratios as at 30 September 2020 on a consolidated basis - net of around €2.3 
billion dividends accrued in the first nine months of 2020 - were as follows: 
 
14.7% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (2) (3) 
 
19.6% in terms of Total Capital ratio (2) (3) 
calculated by applying the transitional arrangements for 2020, and 
 
15.2% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis (2) (4) 
 
20.6% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis (2) (4). 
_________ 
(1) Calculated taking into account the exposures as at 30 September 2020 in the various countries where the Group has 
a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating either to 2020-
2021, where available, or to the latest update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 
2020). 
(2) After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year 
excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
(3) Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 14% for the Common 
Equity Tier 1 ratio and 19.2% for the Total Capital ratio. 
(4) Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2020, taking into 
account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan adjustments, the first 
time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285 million covering the integration and 
rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, 
the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and on the sale of the going concern to BPER Banca in 
relation to the acquisition of UBI Banca, and the expected distribution of the 9M 2020 net income of insurance 
companies. 
 
Disposal and state-guarantee securitization of a bad loan portfolio of the parent company 
 
On 18 December 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo finalised a securitisation of a bad-loan portfolio of the Bank, which 
was previously sold to a vehicle under Law 130/99, worth around €4.3 billion gross and around €1.2 billion 
net. This securitisation complies with the regulatory requirements for bearing a guarantee of the Republic of 
Italy (GACS). 
The securitisation vehicle has as at the date of this Base Prospectus issued senior notes equivalent to 81% of 
the portfolio price and subordinated notes for the remaining 19%. The senior notes have been fully 
underwritten, and will be retained, by Intesa Sanpaolo. These notes, which have received an investment 
grade rating from DBRS Morningstar (BBB), Moody’s (Baa2) and Scope Ratings (BBB), are expected to 
bear a GACS by the first quarter of 2021. 
 
The subordinated notes, underwritten by Intesa Sanpaolo as well, will be sold to the tune of 95% to third 
party investors with Intesa Sanpaolo retaining the remaining 5% in compliance with current regulatory 
requirements in order to obtain full accounting and regulatory derecognition of the portfolio at the date 
of

--- Page 75 ---
73 
 
finalisation of the notes sale, which is expected to take place by the end of 2020. 
 
The transaction, which envisages a disposal price of the portfolio - also taking the disposal price of the 
notes into account - in line with the carrying value, enables Intesa Sanpaolo, one year early, to exceed its 
2018- 2021 Business Plan target of halving, at no extraordinary cost to shareholders, gross NPLs to 
€26.4 billion and the gross NPL ratio to 6% in the four years. Considering the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s 
figures as at the end of September 2020 excluding UBI Banca, the finalisation of the notes sale results in 
gross NPLs at €24.6 billion and gross NPL ratio at 5.9%. 
Background EU-wide Transparency Exercise 
On 11 December 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcements made by the European Banking Authority 
and the European Central Bank regarding the information of the 2020 EU-wide Transparency Exercise and 
fulfilment of the EBA Board of Supervisors' decision. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2021 – Highlights 
Integration of the UBI Group 
On 14 January 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it will hire 1,000 people in addition to the 2,500 hires 
already envisaged in the agreement that the Bank signed on 29 September 2020 with Trade Unions FABI, 
FIRST/CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN. The agreement, which aims at enabling generational change 
at no social cost as well as enhancing the skills of the people of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group resulting from the 
acquisition of UBI Banca, offered the possibility to retire or access the Solidarity Fund, on a voluntary basis, 
to at least 5,000 people. Intesa Sanpaolo, following verification with the Trade Unions that the offer for 
voluntary exit was taken up by at least 5,000 people, intends to accept the total of the over 7,200 voluntary 
exit applications submitted which fulfil the requirements, and consequently, as sought by the Trade Unions, 
to hire 3,500 people in total by the end of the first half of 2024. This decision confirms the effective progress 
of the process for the integration of UBI Banca into the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. It follows the agreement 
signed with the Trade Unions on 30 December 2020 regarding the 5,107 people who are part of the going 
concern to be sold to BPER Banca.  
On 29 January 2021, following the authorisation released by the European Central Bank, in accordance with 
the regulations in force, the plan for the merger by incorporation of UBI Banca into Intesa Sanpaolo was 
filed with the Torino Company Register, as provided for by Article 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code. 
The merger was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 2 March 2021. 
 2021 EU-Wide Stress Test Results 
On 30 July 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo was subject to the 2021 EU-wide stress test conducted by the European 
Banking Authority (EBA), in cooperation with the Bank of Italy, the European Central Bank (ECB), and the 
European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB). Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcements made by the EBA on the 
EU-wide stress test and fully acknowledges the outcomes of this exercise. 
The 2021 EU-wide stress test did not contain a pass fail threshold and instead is designed to be used as an 
important source of information for the purposes of the SREP. The results assisted competent authorities in 
assessing Intesa Sanpaolo's ability to meet applicable prudential requirements under stressed scenarios. 
The adverse stress test scenario was set by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon (2021-2023). 
The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 2020, and 
therefore did not take into account future business strategies and management actions. It was not a forecast 
of Intesa Sanpaolo profits. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo fully loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1 ratio) resulting from the stress test for 
2023, the final year considered in the exercise, stands at:

--- Page 76 ---
74 
 
 
15.06% under the baseline scenario; and 
 
9.38% under the adverse scenario. 
This compares with the starting-point figure of 14.04% as of 31 December 2020. 
The impact of the exercise under the adverse scenario, equivalent to 466 basis points, would be equivalent to 
448 basis points when restoring the actual neutral effect on capital ratios of the 2018-2021 Long-term 
Incentive Plan LECOIP 2.0 based on financial instruments (which is not captured by the stress test 
assumption of a static balance sheet). 
The fully loaded CET1 ratio under the adverse scenario would be 9.97% when considering both the said 
restored neutrality and the sale transactions of the going concerns, related to the acquisition of UBI Banca in 
2020, finalised in the first half of 2021, other things being equal. 
Intesa Sanpaolo launched ordinary share buy-back programme for free assignment to employees 
On 8 September 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo announced an ordinary share buy-back programme to be launched on 
13 September 2021 and completed by 24 September 2021. The programme relates to plans of assignment, 
free of charge, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares to the employees, in relation to: (i) the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group share-based incentive plan for 2020 reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in excess of the so-
called "materiality threshold" (1), as well as for those who are paid a "particularly high" amount (2), and for 
those who, among middle management or professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue "relevant 
bonuses" (3); (ii) the former UBI Banca Group share-based incentive plan for 2020 reserved for Risk 
Takers (4); and (iii) outstanding portions in shares of bonuses deriving from past incentive systems of the 
former UBI Banca Group. In addition, the programme is implemented in order to grant, when certain 
conditions occur, severance payments upon early termination of employment. The programme is in 
accordance with the terms approved at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo on 28 April 2021 and 
disclosed to the market. 
The number of shares to be purchased on the market to meet the total requirement of the above-mentioned 
incentive plans and/or compensation by way of severance for the Group is equal to 20,000,000, 
corresponding to a percentage of Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 0.10%. This is in compliance with the 
resolution passed at the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 28 April 2021, which authorised the 
purchase, in one or more tranches, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, for both the Parent Company and the 
companies it directly or indirectly controls, up to a maximum number of 22,479,270, corresponding to a 
maximum percentage of Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 0.12%.4 
Purchases of shares to be assigned, without charge, will be executed in compliance with provisions included 
in Article 2357 and following of the Italian Civil Code within the limits of distributable income and available 
reserves, as determined in the financial statements most recently approved. Pursuant to Article 132 of 
the TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases will be 
executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid 
down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, as for the purchase modality, transactions will be carried out in compliance with the conditions 
and the restrictions under Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 April 2014, and Articles 2, 3 and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
                                              
4 _____________ 
(1)  
Equal to €80,000. 
(2)  
Pursuant to the Group Remuneration and Incentive Policies, for the three-year period 2019-2021, a 
variable remuneration exceeding €400,000 constitutes a "particularly high" amount. 
(3)  
Exceeding €80,000 and 100% of the fixed remuneration. 
(4)  
With bonuses exceeding €50,000 and 25% of the fixed remuneration.

--- Page 77 ---
75 
 
In accordance with the authorisation obtained at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo, which is 
effective for up to 18 months, purchases will be executed at a price identified on a case-by-case basis, net of 
accessory charges, within a minimum and a maximum price range. This price can be determined using the 
following criteria: 
 
the minimum purchase price cannot be lower than the reference price the share recorded in the stock 
market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, less 10%; 
 
the maximum purchase price cannot be higher than the reference price the share recorded in the 
stock market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, plus 10%. At any rate, the 
purchase price will not be higher than the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the 
highest current independent bid on the market. Purchases may occur at one or more times. 
 
Purchases will be executed between 13 September 2021 and 24 September 2021(included). The maximum 
number of shares to be purchased daily will not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2021, which was equal to 68.7 million shares. Furthermore, a 
constraint has been added to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and restrictions, establishing that the 
daily volume of purchases must not exceed 15% of the volume traded on the MTA on the respective day. 
Pursuant to Article 2357-ter of the Italian Civil Code, the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting authorised 
the disposal on the regulated market of own ordinary shares exceeding the actual requirement under the same 
conditions as applied to their purchase and at a price of no less than the reference price recorded by the share 
in the stock market session on the day prior to each single disposal transaction, less 10%. Alternatively, these 
shares can be retained for future incentive plans and/or remuneration payable upon early termination of 
employment relationship (severance). 
On 15 September 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo communicated that it concluded, on 14 September 2021, the ordinary 
share buy-back programme launched on 13 September 2021 and announced to the market in the press release 
dated 8 September 2021. 
On the two days of execution of the programme (13 and 14 September 2021), the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
purchased a total of 20,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares through its IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking Division (which was responsible for the programme execution). These represent approximately 
0.10% of the share capital of the Parent Company. The average purchase price was €2.391 per share, for a 
total countervalue of €47,822,401. The parent company purchased 16,787,550 shares at an average purchase 
price of €2.392 per share, for a countervalue of €40,155,587. 
Purchase transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and following 
and 2359-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits of number of shares and 
consideration as determined in the resolutions passed by the competent corporate bodies. Pursuant to Article 
132 of TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases were 
executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid 
down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases were arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under Article 5 of 
the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and 
Articles 2, 3, and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
The number of shares purchased daily did not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2021, which was equal to 68.7 million shares, and 15% of the 
volume traded on the MTA on each of the days when purchases were executed – in accordance with the 
constraint added in the programme to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and restrictions. 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting

--- Page 78 ---
76 
 
On 14 October 2021 the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held. The Meeting was 
validly constituted, on single call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the appointed 
representative, in accordance with Article 106 of Decree Law no. 18 dated 17 March 2020, converted by 
Law no. 27 dated 24 April 2020, as subsequently amended, counted 3,317 holders of voting rights attached 
to 10,992,742,757 ordinary shares without nominal value equalling 56.57478% of the share capital. The 
resolutions detailed below were passed. 
Resolutions regarding reserves: 
(a) 
distribution of part of the Extraordinary reserve for the 2020 results. The Shareholders approved the 
cash distribution of part of the Extraordinary reserve for a total amount of €1,935,274,145.18 to be assigned 
to each of the 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares constituting the share capital, corresponding to a unit amount 
of €9.96 cents per share. Votes in favour were 10,983,707,581, equivalent to 99.91781% of the ordinary 
shares represented at the Meeting. This distribution is in addition to the €694 million cash dividends 
approved in April this year and paid out in May, and brings to the payment of a total amount for 2020 which 
corresponds to a payout ratio of 75% of the €3,505 million adjusted consolidated net income (1), in line with 
the 2018-2021 Business Plan. The aforementioned distribution of reserves will be subject to the same tax 
regime as the distribution of dividends. The amount not distributed in respect of any own shares held by the 
Bank at the record date shall be kept in the Extraordinary reserve. The distribution took place on 20 October 
2021, with coupon presentation on 18 October 2021 and record date on 19 October 2021. Based on the ratio 
between the aforementioned unit amount and the stock price registered on 13 October 2021, the dividend 
yield is 4%; including in the ratio the unit amount of €3.57 cents per share paid out in May this year, the total 
dividend yield for 2020 is 5.4%. 
(b) 
placing of a tax suspension constraint on part of the Share premium reserve, following the tax 
realignment of certain intangible assets. The Shareholders also approved the placing of a tax suspension 
constraint for an amount of €1,473,001,006.40 on part of the Share premium reserve, following the tax 
realignment of certain intangible assets in accordance with Article 110, paragraphs 8 and 8-bis, of Decree 
Law no. 104 dated 14 August 2020, as a result of the provisions of Article 14 of Law no. 342 dated 21 
November 2000 to which the aforementioned Decree Law refers. Votes in favour were 10,991,707,581, 
equivalent to 99.99058% of the ordinary shares represented at the Meeting. 
Partial demerger of IW Bank S.p.A. in favour of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. and 
of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
On 28 October 2021 notice was given that, following the authorisation released by the European Central 
Bank in accordance with the regulations in force, on 28 October 2021 the plan for the partial demerger of IW 
Bank S.p.A. in favour of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. and of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Banking S.p.A. in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. was filed with the Torino Company Register, as 
provided for by Article 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code. 
The demerger was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 23 November 2021. 
Agreement with Trade Unions with regard to a further 2,000 voluntary exits and 1,100 hires by 2025 
 
On 16 November 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with Group Trade Delegations FABI, FIRST 
CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN which aims at enabling generational change at no social cost 
while continuing to ensure an alternative to the possible paths for reskilling and redeploying people, in the 
context of adding value for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s people, including through an improved work-life 
balance. 
 
The agreement identifies ways and criteria to reach the target of 2,000 additional people voluntary leaving 
the Group by 2025, either by retiring or accessing the Solidarity Fund. 
 
Furthermore, by 2025 the Group will hire people on indefinite-term contracts according to a proportion of 
one hire for each two voluntary exits up to 1,000 people, against the 2,000 additional voluntary exits 
envisaged, and a further 100 people falling under the agreement signed on 29 September 2020. The new

--- Page 79 ---
77 
 
hires will sustain the Group’s growth and its new activities and are in addition to those envisaged in the 
agreement of 29 September 2020. New hires will be 4,600 in total by December 2025 against 9,200 people in 
total leaving the Group by the end of the first quarter 2025. 
 
 
2021 EU-wide Transparency Exercise 
 
On 3 December 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcement made by the European Banking Authority 
regarding the information of the 2021 EU-wide Transparency Exercise. 
 
Sovereign risk exposure 
As at 30 June 2021, based on management data, Intesa Sanpaolo Group's exposure in securities to Italian 
sovereign debt - including the insurance business - amounted to a total of €103,651 million, in addition to 
loans for €10,130 million. The security exposures increased compared to €90,170 million as at 31 December 
2020.  
Management 
Board of Directors  
The composition of Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors as at the date hereof is as set out below. 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., where significant with respect to the Issuer's 
activities 
Gian Maria Gros-Pietro 
Chairman 
None 
Paolo Andrea Colombo (#) 
(##) 
Deputy 
Chairperson 
Director of Colombo & Associati S.r.l.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditor of Humanitas 
S.p.A. 
Carlo Messina (*) 
Managing Director 
and CEO 
None 
Bruno Picca(#)  
Director 
None 
Rossella Locatelli (##) 
Director 
Director of Società per la Bonifica dei Terreni Ferraresi e per 
Imprese Agricole S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Darma SGR, a company 
in administrative compulsory liquidation 
Chairwoman of B.F. S.p.A. 
Chairwoman of B.F. S.r.l. – Società Agricola 
Director of CAI – Consorzio Agrari d’Italia S.p.A. 
Livia Pomodoro (##) 
Director 
Director of Febo S.p.A. 
Franco Ceruti 
Director 
Chairman of Intesa Sanpaolo Expo Institutional Contact S.r.l. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
Chairman of Società Benefit Cimarosa 1 S.p.A.

--- Page 80 ---
78 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., where significant with respect to the Issuer's 
activities 
 
 
Daniele Zamboni (#) (##)(1) 
Director 
None 
Maria Mazzarella (##)(1) 
Director 
None 
Milena Teresa Motta (#) (##) 
 
 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Strategie & Innovazione S.r.l. 
 
Alberto Maria Pisani (1) (#) (##) Director and 
Chairman of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Maria-Cristina Zoppo (#) (##) Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Newlat Food S.p.A. Chairwoman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors Schoeller Allibert S.p.A, 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Juventus Football Club S.p.A.  
Luciano Nebbia 
Director 
Deputy Chairman of Equiter S.p.A. 
 
Maria Alessandra Stefanelli 
(##) 
Director 
None 
Guglielmo Weber (##) 
Director 
None 
Anna Gatti (1) (##) 
Director 
Director of Fiera Milano S.p.A. 
Director of WiZink Bank S.A. 
Director of WizzAir Holdings PLC 
Fabrizio Mosca (#) (##) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Olivetti 
S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Aste Bolaffi 
S.p.A.,  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
Metalli Preziosi S.p.A.,  
Standing Statutory Auditor of M. Marsiaj & C. S.r.l., 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Moncanino S.p.A. 
Roberto Franchini(#) (##) (3) (4) Director and 
Member of the 
None

--- Page 81 ---
79 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., where significant with respect to the Issuer's 
activities 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Andrea Sironi (2) (##) 
Director 
Chairman of the Board of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of London Stock Exchange Group 
Holding Italia S.p.A. 
 
(*) Was appointed Managing Director and CEO by the Board of Directors on 2 May 2019. He is the only 
executive director on the Board. 
(#) Is enrolled on the Register of Statutory Auditors and has practised as an auditor or been a member of the 
supervisory body of a limited company 
(##) Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Article 13.4.3 of the Articles of Association, the 
Corporate Governance Code and Article 148, third paragraph, of Legislative Decree 24 February 
1998 no. 58.  
(1) is a representative of the Minority List 
(2) was appointed as a director at the shareholders’ meeting of 27 April 2020, following co-option by the 
Board of Directors on 2 December 2019 
(3) was appointed as a director at the shareholders’ meeting of 27 April 2020, replacing Corrado Gatti who 
had ceased to hold office 
(4) Minorities representative 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the Issuers’ registered office in Piazza 
San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy). 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus no member of the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo is subject to 
potential conflicts of interest between their obligations arising out of their office or employment with the 
Issuer or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and any personal or other interests.  
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee compliance 
with the relevant regulation on board members conflicts of interest. 
 
Principal Shareholders 
As of 21 December 2021, the shareholder structure of Intesa Sanpaolo was composed as follows (holders of 
shares exceeding 3% 
(*)). Figures are updated based on the results from the register of shareholders and the 
latest communications received: 
SHAREHOLDER 
ORDINARY SHARES 
% OF ORDINARY 
SHARES 
Compagnia di San Paolo 
1,188,947,304 
6.119% 
BlackRock Inc. (1) 
972,416,733 
5.005% 
Fondazione Cariplo(2) 
767,029,267 
3.948%

--- Page 82 ---
80 
 
SHAREHOLDER 
ORDINARY SHARES 
% OF ORDINARY 
SHARES 
 
 
 
(*) Shareholders that are fund management companies may be exempted from disclosure up to the 5% threshold. 
 
(1) BlackRock Inc. holds, as a fund management company, an aggregate investment equal to 5.066%, as per form 120 B dated 4 December 2020 
  
Note: figures may not add up exactly due to rounding differences. 
The Italian regulations (Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Finance "TUF") set forth that holdings 
exceeding 3% of the voting capital of a listed company should be communicated to both that company and 
CONSOB. Moreover, under Article 19 of the Consolidated Law on Banking "TUB", prior authorisation by 
the Bank of Italy is required for the acquisition of holdings of capital in banks that are either significant or 
make it possible to exercise significant influence, or confer a share of voting rights or capital equal to at 
least 10%. 
The Italian regulations also set forth the obligation to disclose any agreements between shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 120, paragraph 4-bis, of the "TUF" sets forth the obligation for investors who acquire 
holdings in listed issuers with Italy as home Member State, equal to or above 10% of the relevant capital or 
a lower threshold as defined by CONSOB, to declare the objectives they are pursuing. 
Legal Proceedings 
Disputes relating to anatocism and other current account and credit facility conditions, as well as usury 
During 2020, the disputes of this type – which for many years have been a significant part of the civil 
disputes brought against the Italian banking industry – did not change significantly either in number or in 
total value of claims made compared to the previous year.Overall, the number of disputes, including 
mediations, with likely risk amounted to approximately 3,800 (of which 900 for the UBI Group). The 
remedy sought amounted to around 637 million euro (of which 108 million euro for the UBI Group) with 
provisions of €199 million (of which 47 million euro for the UBI Group). As is the case for the other civil 
disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking into 
account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and case-law decisions, for 
each dispute. 
 
You are reminded that in 2014 and 2016, Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Banking, which governs 
the compounding of interest in banking transactions, was amended with the establishment of the ban on 
anatocism and the delegation of the CICR (Interdepartmental Committee for Credit and Savings) to regulate 
this matter. In February 2017, the Italian Antitrust Authority initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo 
for alleged unfair business practices involving, among other things, the methods used to request the above-
mentioned authorisation from customers for the charging of the interest to the account imposed by the new 
regulations introduced in 2016. The Authority completed the proceedings in October 2017, ruling that Intesa 
Sanpaolo had implemented an “aggressive” policy aimed at acquiring the authorisation, by soliciting 
customers to provide it through various means of communications and without putting them in a position to 
consider the consequences of that choice in terms of the interest calculation on the compounded debt interest. 
As a result, the Authority issued a fine of €2 million against Intesa Sanpaolo. Intesa Sanpaolo has submitted 
an appeal with the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, on the grounds that the ruling was unfounded. The 
proceedings are still pending 
Disputes relating to investment services  
Also in this area, the disputes showed a slight downtrend in terms of number compared to the previous year. 
The most significant sub-group was disputes concerning derivatives, which remained substantially stable in 
number and value, but were nevertheless not significant in amount overall. The total number of disputes with 
likely risk for this type of litigation amounted to around €580 (of which 180 for the UBI Group). The total 
remedy sought amounted to around €272 million (of which €87 million for the UBI Group) with provisions

--- Page 83 ---
81 
 
of €129 million (of which €49 million for the UBI Group). As is the case for the other civil disputes, the 
assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking into account the 
claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and the case-law guidance, for each 
dispute. The disputes to which the UBI Group is a party also include approximately 173 disputes with a 
remedy sought of €146 million initiated by "wiped out" shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the 
former "Old Banks" of Banca delle Marche, Banca Popolare dell'Etruria e del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio 
della Provincia di Chieti, deemed to be of possible risk. 
 
Judgment of the Italian Supreme Court on derivatives with local entities 
By way of judgment no. 8770/2020, handed down by its Joint Sections on 12 May 2020, the Italian Supreme 
Court affirmed the nullity of several OTC derivative contracts (Interest Rate Swaps with upfront payments) 
entered into by an Italian bank and a Municipality, essentially establishing that: 1) the upfront payment was a 
type of new debt resulting in long-term expenditure borne by the entity and, therefore, derivative contracts 
that comprise an upfront payment require the authorisation of the Municipal Council (not the Municipal 
Executive Committee), which, if lacking, shall invalidate the derivatives; 2) swap contracts constitute a 
"legal bet", permitted only in the amount in which these contracts acquire the form of a "rational bet", 
concluded in terms which enable both parties to understand the risks underlying the contract, which thus, 
must indicate the mark to market, implicit costs and probabilistic scenario. 
 
The decision has been criticised by many authors and several lower courts have already deviated from the 
principles confirmed by the Italian Supreme Court. 
 
Nonetheless, in September, two decisions unfavourable to the Bank in this sense were issued: 1) the Court of 
Pavia ordered the Bank to refund approximately 9.3 million euro, in addition to ancillary charges, to the 
Province of Pavia, stating the grounds for the ruling of the Italian Supreme Court, word-for-word;in February 
the amount of  €10.1 million, taken from the specific provision, was paid to the Province of Pavia. However, 
this judgment is currently under appeal; 2) the Court of Appeal of Milan rejected the appeal lodged by the 
Bank in the proceedings promoted by the Municipality of Mogliano Veneto. That ruling (which is only 
partially based on the arguments of the Italian Supreme Court) confirmed the first instance ruling which had 
ordered the Bank to refund the Municipality €5.8 million, a payment made in 2018. Both decisions were 
appealed. 
 
Moreover, despite referring to a Municipality, the decision contains some general principles on the case and 
the subject - matter of the swaps, which could be deemed applicable to all derivative contracts. 
Within this framework, in order to assess the impact of the decision of ongoing disputes in light of the 
evolution of case-law, a specific reassessment was conducted of risks connected with the disputes regarding 
derivative contracts entered into with local entities and, where deemed appropriate, specific provisions were 
allocated. 
Two new disputes were registered. 
 
 
the Municipality of Augusta served a writ of summons asking the court to declare the contract null 
and void due to the lack of awareness of the risks and of adequate information on the costs and 
structure of the instrument, and ordering the repayment of €3 million; and 
 
the Municipality of Cimadolmo initiated a mediation procedure with undetermined value, which 
ended with a negative outcome. 
In addition, the Municipality of Perugia, after initiating a mediation procedure in 2019, served a writ of 
summons asking the court to declare null and void four derivative contracts entered into in 2006. The first 
court hearing was held in May 2021. 
 
In relation to the dispute brought in December 2013 by the Municipality of Mogliano Veneto concerning an 
IRS collar derivative contract, the Bank lodged an appeal with the Italian Supreme Court against ruling no. 
2393 of 28 September 2020 of the Court of Appeal of Milan. This ruling had confirmed the ruling issued 
against the Bank by the Court of Milan in 2017. Lastly, in execution of the judgment in the plaintiff's favour 
delivered by the Court of Pavia on 16 September 2020, in February the amount of €10.1 million, taken from 
the specific provision, was paid to the Province of Pavia. However, this judgment is currently under appeal.

--- Page 84 ---
82 
 
 
As regards the current disputes with companies owned by local authorities and Regional governments, it 
should be noted that, in May, a writ of summons was served by EUR S.p.A., a company held by the Ministry 
of the Economy and Finance and Roma Capitale. In addition to ISP, the company is also suing other credit 
institutions; the disputes concern derivative contracts entered into in relation to a syndicated loan. The 
claimant has claimed the repayment of approximately €57 million. Since the contracts are governed by the 
international ISDA rules, it is possible that the national courts lack jurisdiction. Intesa Sanpaolo filed an 
appearance before the Court raising a number of preliminary objections, including: the lack of jurisdiction of 
the Italian court and the lis pendens and/or international connection in view of the claim form submitted by 
another bank in the pool of lending banks before the High Court of Justice of London. In addition, a petition 
has been filed with the Court of Justice of the European Union to verify that the EU legislation is being 
correctly applied in Italy, in light of Court of Cassation ruling no. 8770/2020. The first hearing has been 
adjourned to 22 November 2021. 
 
As concerns disputes with private individuals, in May the Bank was ordered to pay approximately €13 
million as part of a dispute concerning currency options brought before the Court of Bologna.  
 
The Judge considered all the transactions null and void due to the failure to indicate the MTM and the 
relevant calculation formula in the contracts and referred to the principles set out in the aforementioned 
ruling of the Court of Cassation. The Bank appealed against the ruling, highlighting its errors and 
inconsistencies, and asked to suspend enforcement of the judgment. The Bologna Court of Appeal granted 
the Bank's request and provisionally suspended enforceability of the judgment. The appealed judgment not 
only applies the principles upheld by the Court of Cassation for contracts entered into with public entities to 
derivative contracts entered into with private customers, but fully assimilates the disclosure requirements for 
IRS intermediaries to currency option contracts, without taking into account the difference between these 
two instruments. 
 
The Bologna Court of Appeal, in a ruling dated 13 September 2021, confirmed the suspension of the 
provisional enforceability of the first instance ruling, which had ordered the Bank to pay around 13 million 
euro, in application of the principles set out in the above-mentioned Court of Cassation ruling concerning 
IRSs to the currency options contracts, without considering the difference between the two instruments. The 
order by the Court strengthens the Bank’s defence both with regard to the merits of the case and the risk 
associated with possible payment. As a result, the Bank is not currently obliged to make any payment to the 
counterparty. 
 
In general, the case law on this subject remains mixed, with rulings in favour and against the banks. 
 
Disputes relating to loans in CHF against the Croatian subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb Dd 
 
As already noted in the previous financial statements, Privredna Banka Zagreb (PBZ) and seven other 
Croatian banks were jointly sued by the plaintiff Potrošač (Croatian Union of the Consumer Protection 
Association) , which claimed - in relation to loans denominated or indexed in Swiss francs granted in the past 
– that the defendants engaged in an unfair practice by allegedly using unfair contractual provisions on 
variable interest rate changed unilaterally by the banks and by linking payments in local currency to Swiss 
francs, without (allegedly) appropriately informing the consumers of all the risks prior to entering into a loan 
agreement. 
 
In September 2019, the Croatian Supreme Court rendered a ruling in the collective action proceedings, 
rejecting the appeals filed by the sued banks against the High Commercial Court ruling from 2018 and 
confirming the position of courts of lower instance that banks had breached collective interests and rights of 
consumers by incorporating unfair and null and void provisions on the CHF currency clause. The decision of 
the Supreme Court was challenged by PBZ before the Constitutional Court, which rejected the claim at the 
beginning of 2021. 
 
In connection with the mentioned proceedings for the protection of the collective interests of consumers, 
numerous individual proceedings have been brought by clients against PBZ, despite the fact that most of 
them voluntarily accepted the offer to convert their CHF loans into EUR denominated loans retroactively, in

--- Page 85 ---
83 
 
accordance with the Act on the Amendments to the Consumer Credit Act (Croatian Official Gazette 
102/2015). 
 
In March 2020, the Croatian Supreme Court, within a model case proceedings (a Supreme Court proceedings 
with obligatory effect on lower instance courts with the aim of unifying/harmonising case law), ruled that the 
conversion agreements concluded between banks and borrowers under the Croatian Conversion Law of 2015 
produce legal effects and are valid even in the case when the provisions of the underlying loan agreements 
on variable interest rate and currency clause are null and void. Such decision will positively impact the 
individual proceedings related to converted loans in Swiss francs (or indexed to that currency), which should 
ultimately be settled, then, in favour of the Croatian subsidiary. 
 
In 2020 the number of individual lawsuits filed against PBZ increased; in any case, at the end of 2020 the 
total pending cases still amounted to a few thousand. There is excluded the possibility that additional 
lawsuits might be filed against PBZ in the future in connection with CHF loans. 
 
The amount of provisions recognised as at 31 December 2020 is reasonably adequate – according to 
available information - to meet the obligations arising from the claims filed against the subsidiary so far. The 
evolution of the overall matter is anyhow carefully monitored in order to take appropriate initiatives, if 
necessary, in consistence with any future developments. 
 
ENPAM lawsuit  
In June 2015 Fondazione ENPAM – Ente Nazionale di Previdenza ed Assistenza dei Medici e degli 
Odontoiatri (ENPAM) sued Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze (subsequently merged into Intesa Sanpaolo), 
along with other defendants including JP Morgan Chase & Co and BNP Paribas, before the Court of Milan. 
ENPAM’s claims related to the trading (in 2005) of several complex financial products, and the subsequent 
“swap” (in 2006) of those products with other similar products; the latter were credit linked notes, i.e. 
securities whose repayment of principal at maturity was tied to the credit risk associated with a tranche of a 
synthetic CDO. Due to the defaults on the CDO portfolio, the investment allegedly resulted in significant 
losses. 
 
In the writ of summons, ENPAM submitted several petitions for enquiries and rulings, in particular for 
contractual and tort liability and breach of Articles 23, 24 and 30 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, 
asking for the repayment of an amount of around €222 million and compensation for damages on an 
equitable basis; the part relating to Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze’s position should be around  €103 million 
(plus interest and purported additional damages). Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze was sued as the transferee of 
the Italian branch of Cortal Consors S.A. (subsequently merged into BNP Paribas), which had provided 
ENPAM with the investment services within which the above-mentioned securities had been subscribed. 
 
Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze raised various objections at the preliminary stage (including a lack of standing 
to be sued and the time bar). On the merits, it argued, among other positions, that the provisions of the 
Consolidated Law on Finance cited were not applicable and that there was no evidence of the damages. If an 
unfavourable judgment is rendered, Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze has requested that the court determine its 
internal share of the total liability of the defendants and that the other defendants be ordered to hold it 
harmless. 
 
In February 2018, the judge ordered a court-appointed expert’s review aimed at determining, among other 
matters: 
 
 
whether the securities were fit for the purpose indicated in the entity's Charter and Investment 
Guidelines; and 
 
the difference, if any, between the performance achieved by ENPAM and the performance that would 
have resulted if other investments consistent with the entity's Charter and Investment Guidelines had 
been undertaken (also considering the need for diversification of the risk).

--- Page 86 ---
84 
 
At the end of the expert review process the judge advocated the settlement of the dispute. A settlement 
agreement involving payment to ENPAM was finalised between the parties in November 2020; Intesa 
Sanpaolo's share was fully covered by the amount that had been set aside the previous year precisely in view 
of a possible settlement. The case was declared dismissed at the hearing on 2 December 2020. 
 
Florida 2000  
In 2018, Florida 2000 s.r.l. (together with two directors of the company) challenged the legitimacy of the 
contractual terms and conditions applied to the accounts held with the Bank, requesting that the latter be 
ordered to pay back  €22.6 million in interest and fees that were not due, plus compensation for damages 
quantified as an additional amount of  €22.6 million. 
 
In its ruling of 25 March 2021, the Court upheld the petition in part, ordering the Bank to repay €638 
thousand, plus interest and costs, and rejecting the request for compensation. The Bank appealed against the 
ruling before the Naples Court of Appeal; the first hearing was scheduled for 5 October 2021.  
 
Alitalia Group: Claw-back actions 
 
In August 2011, companies of the Alitalia Group – namely Alitalia Linee Aeree, Alitalia Servizi, Alitalia 
Airport and Alitalia Express – brought five bankruptcy claw-back proceedings against the Bank before the 
Court of Rome (of which one against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze), requesting the repayment of 
a total of  €44.6 million. 
 
When the proceedings were initiated, a line of defence was adopted based mainly on the grounds that the 
actions were invalid due to the vagueness of the claims, that the condition of knowledge of the Alitalia 
Group’s state of insolvency (subject first of the Air France plan and then of the subsequent rescue conducted 
by the Italian Government) did not apply, and that the credited items were not eligible for claw back, due to 
the specific nature of the account movements. 
 
In March 2016, the Court of Rome upheld Alitalia Servizi’s petition and ordered the Bank to repay around 
€17 million, plus accessory costs. In addition to being contestable on the merits, the ruling was issued before 
the deadline for filing of the final arguments. 
 
Accordingly, in the appeal subsequently lodged, a preliminary objection was made regarding the invalidity 
of the judgment, together with an application for suspension of its provisional enforceability, which was 
upheld by order of 15 July 2016 of the Court of Appeal. The final arguments have been filed in the case and 
the judgment is pending. The lawsuit brought by Alitalia Linee Aeree was won in the first instance and is in 
the appeal phase, whereas the lawsuits brought by Alitalia Express and Alitalia Servizi against the former 
C.R. di Firenze were favourably concluded in the first two instances and a time period has been set for 
appealing to the Italian Supreme Court. Alitalia Airport, which was also won at first instance, the favourable 
judgment has become final. 
 
Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. (Extraordinary Administration): Claw-back actions  
 
 In July 2013, Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. filed two bankruptcy claw-back actions before the Court of 
Rome against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Venezia for €2.7 million and against the former Banco di 
Napoli for €33.8 million. 
 
In both cases, the plaintiff claimed that there was knowledge of the state of insolvency for the entire half year 
prior to admission to extraordinary administration on the basis of media reports, the non-renewal of shipping 
concessions, the absence of state subsidies (because they were considered state aid), and the information 
from the central credit register. 
 
The claim was quantified on the same basis as the so-called “return of profits” earned on Tirrenia’s accounts, 
corresponding to the difference between the maximum debt exposure and the final balance of the accounts 
generated in the half year prior to the declaration of insolvency. The case against the former CR Venezia was 
concluded at first instance in 2016 with an order for payment of €2.8 million and is pending an appeal

--- Page 87 ---
85 
 
brought by the Bank. In the trial involving the former Banco di Napoli, on the other hand, the final 
arguments were filed in December and the judgment is pending 
 
Selarl Bruno Raulet (formerly Dargent Tirmant Raulet) dispute 
The claim was filed before a French Court in 2001 by the trustee in bankruptcy for the bankruptcy of the real 
estate entrepreneur Philippe Vincent, which made a request to the Bank for compensation of €56.6 million 
for the alleged "improper financial support" provided to the entrepreneur. The claim of the trustee in 
bankruptcy has consistently been rejected by the courts of different instance which dealt with the case over 
17 years, until the Court of Colmar, in May 2018, ordered the Bank to pay compensation of around €23 
million. The Colmar judgment was appealed before the French Supreme Court of Cassation, which in 
January 2020 overturned and quashed the decision of the Court of Appeal of Colmar and referred the matter 
to the Court of Appeal of Metz. 
 
Consequently, in the first quarter of 2020, the Bank obtained the refund of around €23 million paid according 
to the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Colmar in 2018. 
 
At the end of July 2020, the bankruptcy receiver referred the dispute to the Court of Appeal of Metz, 
requesting payment of €55.6 million (equal to the entire amount of insolvency liabilities, minus the amount 
obtained from the sale of the property whose purchase was financed by the Bank). In turn, the Bank filed an 
appearance and challenged the opposing party's claims. In a ruling delivered on 27 July 2021, the Metz Court 
of Appeal partially upheld the receivership’s claim for 55.6 million euro for wrongful granting of credit and 
ordered the Bank to pay around 20 million euro, plus legal costs of the various instances of the proceedings 
(for a total of 20.6 million euro). 
The Court quantified the damage suffered by the insolvency estate as being equal to the loan granted by the 
Bank, less the proceeds from the sale of the asset given as security. 
In the opinion of the external lawyers assisting Intesa Sanpaolo, there are grounds for a revision of the ruling. 
An appeal before the Court of Cassation is therefore being prepared. 
 
Disputes regarding tax-collection companies  
In the context of the government's decision to re-assume responsibility for tax collection, Intesa Sanpaolo 
sold to Equitalia S.p.A. now the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division, full ownership of Gest Line 
and ETR/ESATRI, companies that managed tax-collection activities, undertaking to indemnify the buyer 
against any expenses associated with the collection activity carried out up to the time of purchase of the 
equity interests. 
In particular, such expenses refer to liabilities for disputes (with tax authorities, taxpayers and employees) 
and out-of-period expenses and capital losses with respect to the financial situation at the time of the sale. 
Overall, the claims made amount to approximately €80 million. A technical roundtable has been formed with 
the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division in order to assess the parties’ claims. 
 
 
Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena  
 
In 2014, Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena (“FMPS”) brought an action for compensation for the 
damages allegedly suffered as a result of a loan granted in 2011 by a pool of 13 banks and intended to 
provide it with the resources to subscribe for a capital increase of MPS. The damages claimed were allegedly 
due to the reduction in the market value of the MPS shares purchased with the sums disbursed by the banks. 
In the proceedings, FMPS summoned eight former directors of the Foundation that were in office in 2011 
and the 13 banks in the pool (including Intesa Sanpaolo and Banca IMI). The banks have been charged with 
non-contractual liability due to their participation in the alleged violation by the former directors of the debt-
equity ratio limit set in the charter. The claim for damages has been quantified at around €286 million, 
jointly and severally for all the defendants. The defence adopted by the banks included the argument that the

--- Page 88 ---
86 
 
alleged breach of the aforementioned charter limit did not apply, because it was based on an incorrect 
valuation of the Foundation's balance sheet items. In addition, in the loan agreement, FMPS itself assured the 
banks that the charter limit had not been breached and, therefore, any breach of the charter would at most 
give rise to the sole responsibility of the former directors of the Foundation. 
In November 2019, the Court of Florence, before which the trial is currently pending, handed down a non-
definitive judgment rejecting some preliminary arguments/arguments as to jurisdiction raised by the banks, 
while reserving the parties' preliminary applications for decision. The banks appealed the judgment before 
the Florence Court of Appeal in respect of the rejection of the argument as to lack of jurisdiction, finding 
there to be solid arguments for the judgment in question to be overturned; the first hearing for appearance 
has been set for May 2021. 
The judge of the first instance lifted the reserve to decide the preliminary applications and admitted the 
court-appointed expert witness testimony requested by the Foundation on exceeding the debt limit set by the 
Articles of Association when the loan was granted. The trial was then declared stayed due to the death of one 
of the defendants; the hearing for continuation of the trial has been set for April 2021. The expert witness 
testimony is necessary for a thorough assessment of the risk of the case. At present, the risk may be 
considered possible. 
 
Gruppo Elifani – Lawsuit brought in 2009 by Edilizia Immobiliare San Giorgio 89 S.r.l., San Paolo Edilizia 
S.r.l., Hotel Cristallo S.r.l. and the guarantor-shareholder Mario Elifani seeking compensation for damages 
suffered due to alleged unlawful conduct by the Bank for having requested guarantees disproportionate to the 
credit granted, enforced pledge guarantees, applied usurious interest to mortgage loans and submitted 
erroneous reports to the Central Credit Register. The initially claimed amount was approximately €116 
million and the dispute refers to the same circumstances mostly already cited in the disputes regarding 
anatocism and interest in excess of the legal amount brought by the aforementioned companies in 2004 and 
settled in early 2014. The lawsuit had a favourable outcome for the Bank in both the first and second 
instances. By order of 27 December 2019, the Court of Cassation partially granted the adverse parties' 
petition, with referral of the matter. The adverse parties resumed the lawsuit before the Milan Court of 
Appeal, quantifying the claim at approximately €72 million, in addition to interest and inflation, and thus at a 
total of approximately €100 million. The hearing for the submission of final arguments has been set for 
January 2022. 
 
The Bank also has a valid basis for its defence in this stage of the dispute, given that in the previous 
instances of the trial the disputed conduct was essentially found to be correct. At present, the risk of a lawsuit 
is deemed possible, whereas further elements may emerge from the upcoming hearing. 
 
Energy s.r.l. – Energy s.r.l., to which the bankruptcy receiver of C.I.S.I. s.r.l. transferred all its rights 
towards third parties, brought a claim before the Court of Rome against Intesa Sanpaolo seeking to quash the 
revocation of the subsidised loan of approximately €22 million granted to C.I.S.I. s.r.l. in 1997 pursuant to 
Law 488/92 and a judgment ordering the Ministry of Economic Development, Intesa Sanpaolo (as the 
concessionaire for the procedural application process) and Vittoria Assicurazioni (guarantor of the payment 
of the second instalment of the loan), jointly and severally between them, to provide compensation for 
damages allegedly incurred, quantified at a total of approximately €53 million. The company justified its 
claim by citing a favourable judgment rendered in criminal proceedings originating from a complaint filed 
against C.I.S.I. and its director alleging grave irregularities and breach in the execution of the business plan 
to which the loan referred – proceedings that had led to the revocation of the subsidised loan. Intesa 
Sanpaolo entered its appearance, denying that there was any basis for the adverse parties' claims, arguing that 
all claims for compensation against the Bank had become time barred, the claims were groundless on the 
merits and the damages had been represented inappropriately. The first hearing was held and the preliminary 
statements were exchanged; the hearing for the entry of conclusions has been set for March 2021. Previous 
legal initiatives taken by C.I.S.I. and then by its bankruptcy receiver before the administrative and ordinary 
courts were rejected with regard to Intesa Sanpaolo's position (in particular, a claim for compensation against 
the Bank for alleged damages). Despite the favourable outcome of the previous disputes and the defences 
presented, the risk of the lawsuit is currently deemed possible. 
 
Private banker (Sanpaolo Invest)

--- Page 89 ---
87 
 
An inspection conducted by the Audit function identified serious irregularities by a private banker of 
Sanpaolo Invest. The checks carried out revealed. The checks carried out revealed serious irregularities 
affecting several customers, including misappropriation of funds and reports with false incremental amounts. 
On 28 June 2019, the company terminated the agency contract with the private banker due to just cause and 
communicated the findings to the Judicial Authority and the Supervisory Body for financial advisors, which 
first suspended and then removed the private banker from the Register of Financial Advisors in December 
2019. 
 
Following the unlawful actions, the company received a total of 276 compensation claims (including 
complaints, mediation proceedings and lawsuits), for a total amount of approximately €62 million, mostly 
based on alleged embezzlement, losses due to disavowed transactions in financial instruments, false account 
statements and the debiting of fees relating to advisory service. 
There are currently 173 pending claims, with a present value of approximately €51 million, following the 
resolution of 103 positions (34 settled and 69 withdrawn or resolved by virtue of commercial agreements). 
The total amount of €4.2 million was recovered from the improperly credited customers (and already 
returned to the customers harmed) and there are pending attachments of approximately €4 million. 
A precautionary attachment was ordered against the private banker for an amount equal to the balance found 
in the accounts and deposits held with credit institutions and the social-security position with Enasarco. In 
the ensuing case on the merits, the former private banker filed a counterclaim in the total amount of €0.6 
million by way of non-payment of indemnity for termination of the relationship. 
Another lawsuit was also brought against former private bankers to recover the claims arising from 
withdrawal from the agency contract, in the total amount of €1.6 million, in addition to interest by way of 
indemnity in lieu of notice, penalty relating to a loan agreement and reimbursement of advances of bonuses. 
The company has set aside adequate provisions for the risks associated with the unlawful conduct discussed 
above, in the light of its foreseeable outlays, without considering the cover provided for in the specific 
insurance policy. 
 
Ruling of the EU Court of Justice of 11 September 2019 on credit agreements for consumers - the Lexitor 
ruling  
 
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 on credit agreements for consumers states that in the event of 
early repayment of the loan the consumer is “entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, such 
reduction consisting of the interest and the costs for the remaining duration of the contract”. According to the 
Lexitor ruling, this provision must be interpreted as meaning that the right to a reduction in the total cost of 
the credit includes all the costs incurred by the consumer and therefore also includes the costs relating to 
services prior to or connected with the signing of the contract (upfront costs such as processing costs or 
agency fees). 
 
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 has been transposed in Italy through Article 125 sexies of the 
Consolidated Law on Banking, according to which in the event of early repayment “the consumer is entitled 
to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, equal to the amount of interest and costs due for the remaining 
life of the contract”. On the basis of this rule, the Bank of Italy, the Financial Banking Arbitrator and case 
law have held that the obligation to repay only relates to the charges that have accrued during the course of 
the relationship (recurring costs) and have been paid in advance by the customer to the lender. In the event of 
early repayment, these costs must be repaid in the amount not yet accrued and the obligation to repay does 
not include the upfront costs. 
 
Following the Lexitor judgment, the question has arisen as to whether Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated 
Law on Banking should be interpreted in accordance with the principle laid down therein or whether the new 
principle requires a legislative amendment. According to the EU principle of “consistent interpretation”, 
national courts are required to interpret the rules in their own jurisdiction in a manner consistent with the 
European provisions. However, if the national rule has an unambiguous interpretation, it cannot be 
(re)interpreted by the court in order to bring it into line with the various provisions of a European directive: 
the principles recognised by European Union law prevent the national court from being required to make an 
interpretation that goes against the provisions of the domestic law. In this regard, we note that Article 125 
sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking is clear in its wording and its scope: it states that, in the event of 
early repayment, the obligation to repay relates only to recurring costs and therefore does not include upfront

--- Page 90 ---
88 
 
costs. The unambiguity of the scope of the provision is confirmed by the fact that – as stated above – it has 
always been interpreted and applied in this way. 
 
However, in December 2019 the Bank of Italy issued “guidance” for the implementation of the principle 
established by the EU Court of Justice, to the effect that all costs (including upfront costs) should be included 
among the costs to be refunded in the event of early repayment, both for new relationships and for existing 
relationships. Intesa Sanpaolo has decided to follow the Bank of Italy “guidance”, even though it believes 
that the legal arguments set out above regarding the fact that Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated Law on 
Banking cannot be interpreted in a manner that complies with the Lexitor ruling are well founded. 
Accordingly, Intesa Sanpaolo reserves the right to reconsider this operational stance in the light of future 
developments. A provision has therefore been made in the Allowance for Risks and Charges corresponding 
to the estimated higher charges resulting from the decision to follow the Bank of Italy “guidance”. 
 
With regard, on the other hand, to disputes relating to terminated relationships, in 2020 the court decisions 
have been discordant and no prevailing case-law has emerged. In view of this and in light of the legal 
arguments set out above (which will be broadened and included in the defences presented in the above-
mentioned disputes), at this stage there is no evidence to consider that a general negative outcome will be 
likely. 
 
In 2020, 1,062 suits were brought concerning early termination of salary-backed loans (417 for the UBI 
Group), for a total remedy sought of €2.6 million (of which €1.1 million for the UBI Group). In 2019, 924 
law suits were brought (382 for the UBI Group), for a total remedy sought of €2.4 million (of which €1.1 
million for the UBI Group). 
 
In the half-year, while there were a number of unfavourable rulings, mainly from Justices of the Peace there 
were five judgments in favour of intermediaries. Of particular significance is the ruling of the Court of 
Rome, which held that the Lexitor ruling cannot be directly applied in our legal system in relations between 
private individuals. 
The Parliament approved an amendment inserted in the "Sostegni bis" Law Decree that provides: 
(a) 
as concerns the rules on mortgage lending to consumers, removal of the reference to Article 125-
sexies and insertion of a specific provision on the early redemption of this type of loan, limiting 
repayment to only the interest and costs due for the remaining life of the loan agreement; 
(b) 
as concerns the rules on consumer credit, the amendment of Article 125-sexies, so as to implement 
the principles of the Lexitor ruling, indicating, however, the amortised cost criterion as the preferred 
criterion for calculating repayment; 
(c) 
these provisions only apply to loan agreements signed after the entry into force of the law converting 
the decree. On the other hand, it is specified that loan agreements signed before that date continue to 
be governed by the law as interpreted by the Supervisory and Transparency provisions in force at the 
time of signing. 
Intermediaries will be required to repay the upfront costs for consumer credit agreements concluded before 
the entry into force of the new rule, even if the agreements expired after that date, only within the limits, if 
any, established in the agreement itself. 
As concerns the pending dispute, the adoption of the above-mentioned amendment should induce the court to 
accept the Bank's arguments. However, it cannot be excluded that the plaintiffs may file motions with the 
Constitutional Court or the Court of Justice of the European Union challenging the lawfulness of the new 
legislation. 
 
Offering of diamonds  
In October 2015, the Bank signed a partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) 
governing how diamond offerings were made by DPI to the customers of Intesa Sanpaolo. The aim of this 
initiative was to provide customers with a diversification solution with the characteristics of a "safe haven

--- Page 91 ---
89 
 
asset" in which to allocate a marginal part of their assets over the long-term. Diamonds had already been sold 
for several years by other leading national banking networks. 
This recommendation activity was carried out primarily in 2016, with a significant decline starting from the 
end of that year. A total of around 8,000 customers purchased diamonds, for a total of around €130 million. 
The marketing process was based on criteria of transparency, with safeguards progressively enhanced over 
time, including quality controls on the diamonds and the fairness of the prices applied by DPI. 
In February 2017, the AGCM (the Italian Competition Authority) brought proceedings against companies 
that marketed diamonds, (DPI and other companies), for alleged conduct in breach of the provisions on 
unfair business practices. In April, those proceedings were extended to the banks that carried out the 
recommendation of the services of those companies. 
At the end of those proceedings, on 30 October 2017, the AGCM notified the penalties imposed for the 
alleged breach of the Consumer Code through the conduct of DPI and of the banks which the proceedings 
had been extended to, consisting - in short - of having provided partial, deceptive and misleading information 
on the characteristics of the diamond purchases, the methods used to calculate the price - presented as being 
the market price - and the performance of the market. The Authority issued a fine of €3 million against Intesa 
Sanpaolo, reduced from the initial fine of €3.5 million, after the Authority had recognised the value of the 
measures taken by Intesa Sanpaolo from 2016 to strengthen the safeguards on the offering process aimed, in 
particular, at ensuring proper information was provided to customers. 
Following the order by the AGCM, the Bank paid the amount of the fine and filed an appeal with the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court against the order. There were no developments regarding this appeal during 
2020. 
From November 2017, the Bank: 
 
terminated the partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) and ceased the 
activity, which had already been suspended in October 2017; 
 
started a process that provides for the payment to customers of the original cost incurred for the 
purchase of the diamonds and the withdrawal of the stones, in order to satisfy the customers' resale 
needs which, due to the illiquidity that had arisen in the market, are not met by DPI; 
 
sent a communication in January 2018 to the diamond-holding customers reiterating the nature of the 
stones as durable goods, and also confirming the Bank's willingness to intervene directly in relation 
to any realisation needs expressed by the customers and not met by DPI. 
As at 31 December 2020, a total of 6,725 repurchase requests had been received from customers and met by 
Intesa Sanpaolo, for a total value of € 114.3 million with the flow of requests steadily decreasing in 2020. 
The valuation of the repurchased diamonds is carried out using the values provided by the IDEX Diamond 
Retail Benchmark, one of the main online trading platforms used in the main markets by over 7,000 traders. 
In February 2019, an order for preventive criminal seizure of €11.1 million was served, corresponding to the 
fee and commission income paid by DPI to the Bank. The preliminary investigations initiated by the Public 
Prosecutor’s Office of Milan also concern four other banks (more involved) and two companies that sell 
diamonds. In October 2019, the notice of conclusion of the investigation was served, which stated that two of 
the Bank’s operators were currently under investigation for alleged aggravated fraud (in collusion with other 
parties to be identified) and other persons are being identified for allegations of self-laundering, while ISP is 
being charged with the administrative offence pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 in relation to 
this latter predicate offence.  
In September 2020 the Bank learned from press sources of the conclusion of the preliminary investigations 
by the Milan Public Prosecutor's Office within the framework of an additional pending criminal proceeding 
relating to this affair, in which neither the Bank nor its management board members and key function 
holders/employees have been involved to date.

--- Page 92 ---
90 
 
For the predicate offence of self-laundering, at the hearing of 1 July 2021, the Preliminary Investigation 
Judge accepted the plea bargain request which Intesa Sanpaolo had submitted solely to bring to an end the 
lengthy legal proceedings and which had been supported by the Public Prosecutor's Office – issuing a 
judgment imposing only a financial penalty of €100,000, and the confiscation of only the sums constituting 
the profit from the offence of self-laundering, calculated at €61,434. 
Disputes arising from the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships of Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in 
compulsory administrative liquidation 
It is noted that:  
a) based on the agreements between the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and Intesa Sanpaolo 
(sale contract of 26 June 2017 and Second Acknowledgement Agreement of 17 January 2018), two 
distinct categories of disputes have been identified (also relating to the subsidiaries of the former 
Venetian banks included in the sale): 
 
the previous disuputes, included among the liabilities of the aggregate set transferred to Intesa 
Sanpaolo, which include civil disputes relating to judgments already pending at 26 June 2017, with 
some exceptions, and in any case different from those included under the excluded disputes (see the 
point below); 
 
the excluded disputes, which remain under the responsibility of the banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation and which concern, among other things, disputes brought (also before 26 
June 2017) by shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate bondholders of one of the two former 
Venetian banks, disputes relating to non-performing loans, disputes relating to relationships 
terminated at the date of the transfer, and all disputes (whatever their subject) arising after the sale 
and relating to acts or events occurring prior to the sale; 
b) the relevant allowances were transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo along with the excluded disputes; in any case, 
if the allowances transferred prove insufficient, Intesa Sanpaolo will be entitled to be indemnified by the 
banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, at the terms provided for in the sale contract of 26 June 
2017.  
c) after 26 June 2017, a number of lawsuits included within the excluded disputes were initiated or resumed 
against Intesa Sanpaolo. With regard to these lawsuits: 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo is pleading and will plead its non-involvement and lack of capacity to be sued, both 
on the basis of the provisions of Law Decree 99/20175 (Article 3), and the agreementsigned with the 
banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and in compliance with the European Commission 
provisions on State Aid (Decision C(2017) 4501 final and attachment B to the sale contract of 26 
June 2017), which prohibit Intesa Sanpaolo from taking responsibility for any claims made by the 
shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former Venetian banks;  
 
if there were to be a ruling against Intesa Sanpaolo (and in any event for the charges incurred by 
Intesa Sanpaolo for any reason in relation to its involvement in any excluded disputes), it would have 
the right to be fully reimbursed by the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation; 
 
the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation have contractually acknowledged their capacity 
to be sued with respect to the excluded disputes, such that, they have entered appearances in various 
proceedings initiated (or re-initiated) by various shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate 
bondholders against Intesa Sanpaolo (or in any case included in the category of excluded disputes), 
asking for the declaration of their exclusive capacity to be sued and the consequent exclusion of 
Intesa Sanpaolo from those proceedings; 
                                              
5  
Published in the Official Gazette no. 146 of 25 June 2017 and converted by Law 121 of 31 July 2017.

--- Page 93 ---
91 
 
d) pursuant to the agreements between the two banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and Intesa 
Sanpaolo, the disputes regarding the marketing of shares/convertible and/or subordinated bonds initiated 
against Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia(subsequently merged by incorporation into Intesa Sanpaolo) are 
also included in the excluded disputes (and therefore have the same treatment as described above, as a 
result of the above mentioned provisions and based on the criteria set out in the retransfer agreements 
signed on 10 July 2017, as subsequently supplemented). 
 
The above-mentioned disputes in the excluded disputes include 90 disputes (for a total remedy sought of 
around €87 million) involving claims relating to loans sold to Intesa Sanpaolo and deriving from so-called 
“operazioni baciate”; this term refers to lloans granted by the former Venetian banks (or their Italian 
subsidiaries Banca Nuova/Banca Apulia) for the purpose of, or in any case related to, investments in shares 
or convertible and/or subordinated bonds of the two former Venetian banks. 
 
The most recurrent claims relate to: 
 
 
the violation by the former Venetian banks (or their subsidiaries) of the requirements of the rules on 
investment services; the customers claim that they were induced to purchase the shares on the basis 
of false or misleading information on the product’s risk characteristics; 
 
the invalidity of the “baciata” transaction due to the breach of Article 2358 of the Italian Civil Code, 
which prohibits companies from granting loans for the purchase of treasury shares, except in certain 
limited cases. 
The case law regarding such transactions is still very limited and does not provide a basis for inferring the 
destiny of the loans in question for Intesa Sanpaolo. Among the few judgments that have been rendered to 
date, four voided the loan sold to Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of the part intended for the purchase of shares 
and were or will be appealed. In six cases, the decision was favourable to Intesa Sanpaolo, which proved that 
there was no effective correlation between the loan and equity investment, or successfully claimed that it was 
not liable, since the disputes began after the sale but referred to events pre dating it. 
With regard to the risks arising from these disputes, it should be borne in mind that the sale contract 
establishes the following: 
 
 
that any liability, charge and/or negative effect that may arise to Intesa Sanpaolo from actions, 
disputes or claims made by shareholders and subordinated bondholders constitutes an excluded 
liability under the contract and, as such, must be subject to indemnification by the banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation; 
 
the obligation of each bank in compulsory administrative liquidation to indemnify Intesa Sanpaolo 
against any damage arising from, or connected to, the violation or non-compliance of the 
representations and warranties issued by the two Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation 
with respect to the aggregate set transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo, and, in particular, those relating to 
the full propriety, validity and effectiveness of the loans and contracts transferred. 
 
On the basis of these provisions, Intesa Sanpaolo is entitled to be indemnified by the banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation against any negative effect incurred if these loans are totally or partially invalid, 
unrecoverable, or in any case not repaid as a result of legal disputes. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo has already made a formal reservation in this regard to the two banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation for all the loans acquired and arising from loans potentially qualifying as 
“operazioni baciate”, even if they have not (yet) been formally contested by customers (see below 
“Initiatives undertaken with respect to the compulsory administrative liquidations”). 
 
In 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo sent several claims to the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation 
containing 
requests 
(or 
reservations 
of 
the 
right 
to 
make 
subsequent 
requests) 
for

--- Page 94 ---
92 
 
reimbursement/indemnification of damages already incurred or potentially incurred and violations of the 
above-mentioned representations and warranties, in relation to previous disputes and excluded disputes, as 
well as in relation to the value and recoverability of several assets transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo. To enable 
the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation to perform a more thorough examination of the claims 
made, on several occasions, at the request of the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, Intesa 
Sanpaolo granted extension (with respect to the contractual provisions) of the deadline for contesting the 
claims made. The deadline for the submission of objections by the compulsory administrative liquidation has 
been extended to 30 April 2022 and no objections have been raised to date. 
 
In January 2021, the claims regarding the additional charges accrued up to 30 June 2020 were sent to the 
banks in compulsory administrative liquidation. 
In this regard, it should also be noted that Paragraph 11.1.9 of the sale contract establishes that “the precise 
and timely payment of any obligations and liabilities assumed in favour of the Bank by Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza and/or Veneto Banca shall be guaranteed by the issuing body (i.e. the Ministry of the Economy and 
Finance): (i) with regard to the indemnification obligations assumed by Banca Popolare di Vicenza and/or 
Veneto Banca and relating to the previous disputes, up to the maximum amount of the remedy sought for 
each of the previous disputes as indicated in the case documents, net of the specific risk allowances 
transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo with the aggregate set; and (ii) with regard to the remaining obligations and 
liabilities assumed by Banca Popolare di Vicenza and/or Veneto Banca, up to the maximum amount of  €1.5 
billion” (the “Indemnification Guarantee”). 
 
This provision is consistent with and implements Article 4, paragraph 1, letter c) of Law Decree no. 99/2017: 
the Ministry of the Economy and Finance “grants the Government independent first demand guarantee on the 
performance of the obligations of the entity in liquidation arising from commitments, representations and 
warranties issued by the entity in liquidation in the sale contract, for a maximum amount equal to the sum of  
€1,500 million plus the result of the difference between the value of the past disputes of the entities in 
liquidation, as indicated in the case documents, and the related risk provision, up to a maximum of €491 
million”. 
 
The Indemnification Guarantee is therefore an essential prerequisite of the sale contract. To date, this 
guarantee has not yet been formalised by a specific Decree from the Ministry of the Economy and Finance. 
The issuance of the guarantee by the government is a required procedure that is envisaged, not only by the 
sale contract of 26 June 2017, but also by the above mentioned Law Decree 99/2017. 
 
 In January 2018, as part of a criminal proceeding before the Court of Rome for the alleged market rigging 
and obstructing the Supervisory Authorities in the performance of their functions with respect to officers and 
executives of Veneto Banca, the preliminary hearing judge decided that Intesa Sanpaolo could be charged 
with civil liability. According to the judge, the exclusion from the sale to Intesa Sanpaolo of the debts, 
responsibilities and liabilities deriving from the sale of shares and subordinated bonds – envisaged by Decree 
Law 99/2017 – would not be objectionable by third parties, while Article 2560 of the Italian Civil Code 
would be applicable in the case in question and Intesa Sanpaolo should therefore take on those liabilities. 
 
As a result of this decision, more than 3,800 civil plaintiffs holding Veneto Banca shares or subordinated 
bonds joined the proceedings. Intesa Sanpaolo, therefore, entered an appearance requesting its exclusion 
from the proceedings, in application of the provisions of Decree Law 99/2017, of the rules established for the 
compulsory administrative liquidation of banks and, before that, of the principles and rules contained in  the 
bankruptcy law, in addition to the constitutional principles and decisions made at EU level with regard to the 
operation relating to the former Venetian banks. In turn Veneto Banca in compulsory administrative 
liquidation intervened voluntarily affirming its exclusive, substantial and procedural capacity to be sued. 
In March 2018, the preliminary hearing judge declared his lack of territorial jurisdiction, transferring the files 
to the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Treviso. The charge of civil liability and the joinders of the civil parties 
were therefore removed. 
After the case documents were forwarded to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso, the former Managing 
Director of Veneto Banca, Vincenzo Consoli, was committed to trial for the offences of market-rigging, 
obstructing banking supervisory authorities and financial reporting irregularities.

--- Page 95 ---
93 
 
The Judge for the Preliminary Hearing rejected the motion to authorise the summons of Intesa Sanpaolo as 
civilly liable party. With regard to the criminal proceedings before the Court of Vicenza against BPV senior 
officers and executives, charged with market-rigging, obstructing banking supervisory authorities and 
financial reporting irregularities, last June a ruling was issued against them and BPV in compulsory 
administrative liquidation for corporate liability pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 231/01 (the summons of 
Intesa Sanpaolo for civil liability was rejected). The position of the former CEO Samuele Sorato was 
excluded from the main proceedings due to his poor health. Recently, the Court of Vicenza upheld the 
request for the summons of the bank for civil liability in relation to the charges against Sorato, authorising 
the summons for the hearing of 10 November 2021. In this regard, Intesa Sanpaolo will file an entry of 
appearance requesting its exclusion pursuant to Article 86 of the Code of Criminal Procedure in accordance 
with the provisions of Law Decree no. 99/2017 and of the sale agreement of 26 June 2017. 
 
In the proceedings relating to the excluded disputes brought for the alleged misselling of BPV shares in 
which Intesa Sanpaolo is also a party, the Court of Florence, by order of 20 July 2021, referred the question 
of the constitutionality of Law Decree 99/2017 to the Constitutional Court. 
 
Metropolitan City of Rome Capital (formerly the Province of Rome) – Criminal proceedings are pending 
before the Rome Public Prosecutor's Office against a former Banca IMI manager for co-commission of 
aggravated fraud against the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital (formerly the Province of Rome). 
The proceedings relate to the overall transaction for the purchase by the local authority, through the real 
estate fund Fondo Immobiliare Provincia di Roma (fully owned by the Province of Rome), of the new EUR 
premises. 
The real-estate transaction received financing of €232 million from UniCredit, BNL and Banca IMI (each 
with 1/3). 
The former Banca IMI employee is accused of having misled – with three other managers of the two other 
lending banks, seven managers of the asset management company that manages the provincial fund and two 
public officials – the fund's internal control bodies and representatives of the Province, allowing the lending 
banks to obtain an unjust profit and thus causing significant damages to the public authority. In addition, the 
Public Prosecutor claims that the lending banks and the Fund entered into a loan under different, more 
burdensome conditions than those provided for in the call for tenders held by the public entity for the 
transaction. 
ISP (as the company that absorbed Banca IMI) is investigated in the criminal proceeding pursuant to 
Legislative Decree 231/01 together with the other two lending banks and the real-estate fund management 
company. 
Based on early reconstructions, there is reason to believe that the correctness of the Bank's actions will be 
confirmed. 
 
Oromare Bankruptcy  
The bankruptcy receiver for Oromare società consortile a r.l. sued UBI in October 2018, claiming that 
banking credit had been unlawfully granted and maintained by the bank to the bankrupt company, seeking 
compensation for damages of €22.5 million. 
 
The defence counsel of UBI argued that the bankruptcy receiver lacked standing to sue, citing the position in 
case law according to which it is individual creditors, not the body of bankruptcy creditors, who have 
standing to bring an action. It was also emphasised that the disputed loan was granted to support the 
company at a moment of particular growth and balanced financial performance. 
 
An adverse outcome to the proceedings, which are in the preliminary phase, is possible. 
 
Eugenio Tombolini SpA bankruptcy receiver and others  
In 2016, Eugenio Tombolini SpA and its shareholders and guarantors sued Nuova Banca delle Marche, 
claiming that it had not fulfilled a restructuring agreement pursuant to Article 182-bis of the Bankruptcy Law 
and that it had applied unlawful interest on current accounts and loans, quantifying its claim at €94 million. 
 
The bank entered its appearance, objecting that some of the claimants lacked standing to sue and that it 
lacked standing to be sued in respect of some of the disputed relationships, since they were outside the scope 
of the acquisition. In addition, it was argued that some claims had become time barred and that the

--- Page 96 ---
94 
 
reconstruction of the facts by the adverse party regarding the restructuring agreement pursuant to Article 
182-bis of the Bankruptcy Act was groundless, as were the claims regarding the interest applied. Nuova 
Banca delle Marche thus requested the authorisation to summon the third party REV Gestione Crediti S.p.A. 
(fully owned by the Bank of Italy) to the proceedings, as it is party to some of the disputed relationships. 
 
The trial, which was suspended due to the bankruptcy of Eugenio Tombolini Spa and of some of the other 
claimants, was resumed. UBI Banca SpA appeared in lieu of Nuova Banca delle Marche and Rev Gestione 
Crediti S.p.a. In June 2020 the Court ordered an accounting expert review, which is still ongoing. An adverse 
outcome to the proceedings is possible. 
 
Engineering Service Srl  
In 2015, Engineering Service Srl brought a civil suit against the Ministry of Economic Development,BPER 
and UBI regarding the granting of public subsidies to businesses. The claimant accuses UBI (and BPER) of 
delays inmanaging the approval procedure and disbursements – delays that allegedly resulted in a liquidity 
crisis for the company andthe consequent loss of the public contribution. 
 
A claim for damages for approximately €28 million has been brought against UBI. UBI’s defence 
underscored that the bank was the leader of the temporary consortium formed by BPER and that the 
approvaltimes depended on the latter. UBI then claimed indemnification from BPER. The trial is still in the 
preliminary phase. The riskof a negative outcome is deemed possible. 
 
Fondazione Cassa Risp. di Pesaro  
 In 2018, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca (as the 
alleged successor-in-interest to Banca Marche S.p.A.) and PwC (the auditing firm that certified all the 
financial statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the defendants published data 
and information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca della Marche S.p.A. that later 
proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial statements as at 31 
December 2010 and 30 June 2011and included in the Prospectus, is claimed to have led the Foundation to 
subscribe for the bank’s shares issued as part of thecapital increase in March 2012. The value of these shares 
then fell to zero, resulting in a loss quantified at approximately €52 million. 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by UBI, 
by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for Banca 
delle Marche. The Court rejected allpreliminary applications filed and adjourned the case to 8 June 2021 for 
the entry of conclusions. 
 
Abba' Andrea and 207 
This is a dispute pending before the Court of Milan, Business Section, initiated in 2019 by Mr. Abbà and 207 
subordinated bondholders of Banca delle Marche. The claimants seek a declaration voiding the bonds and 
compensation for the damages suffered. The claim has been quantified at approximately €31 million. 
 
The bank entered its appearance, objecting that it lacked capacity to be sued, arguing in particular that the 
bonds in question were outside the scope of the sale by the Old Bank to the Bridge Entity. UBI also argued 
that the claimant’s claims had become time barred and that the adverse parties lacked capacity, since they 
were not the “first borrowers” and thus by law were not entitled to claim that the original bonds were 
inherently flawed. Finally, the lack of grounds to void the bonds and ofevidence of the causal relationship 
between the bank’s conduct at issue and the damages was underscored. 
 
As the manager of the National Resolution Fund, the Bank of Italy intervened in the proceedings, upholding 
the argumentsand conclusions formulated by UBI. 
 
The trial is still in the initial phase, since the preliminary phase has yet to be held. 
 
Terni Reti s.r.l . 
Lawsuit initiated in July 2020 before the Court of Terni by Terni Reti Sud s.r.l., with share capital wholly 
held bythe Municipality of Terni, seeking a declaration voiding the collar derivative contract entered into in 
August 2007 due to the alleged breach of the disclosure obligations applicable to the intermediary (former 
Banca delle Marche). The plaintiff also alleges a lack of abstract and concrete cause of the contract at issue,

--- Page 97 ---
95 
 
since the Bank purportedly did not share with the Company information regarding the mark-to-market and 
probabilistic scenarios relating to the derivative, but instead allegedly also suggested an inefficient 
derivative, in view of pursuit of hedging goals in relation to the underlying debt, with the consequent 
deviation from the ‘concrete cause’. 
 
The bank entered an appearance promptly, arguing on the merits that the plaintiff’s claims were baseless 
since the bank had provided extensive information regarding the characteristics of the derivative in question, 
enabling the customer to make an informed choice of the product subscribed. The claims that the contract 
was allegedly ineffective were also challenged on the basis of the results of the technical expert report 
requested by UBI in conducting its defence.  
 
The lawsuit is in the initial phase, since the first hearing was held on 15 December 2020. 
 
Ac Costruzioni s.r.l.  
Proceedings brought by AC Costruzioni S.r.l. (subsequently declared bankrupt) and Cava Aurelio(deceased 
during the trial) against Banca Carime Spa seeking a declaratory judgment establishing contractual 
and/orextracontractual liability of the bank for the revocation of the credit facilities on 28/05/1998 and a 
judgment ordering the bankto provide compensation for the damages resulting from revocation, quantified at 
a total of around €33 million. 
 
The adverse party’s claims were rejected in full by both the Court of Cosenza and the Catanzaro Court of 
Appeal, whichupheld the arguments made by the defendant. The judgment of the second instance was 
appealed by Cava’s heirs and thenby the receiver to AC Costruzioni by counter-appeal and cross-appeal. The 
proceedings before the Court of Cassation are stillin the initial phase, since the hearing has yet to be 
scheduled. 
 
Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A. in liquidation and bankruptcy  
In January 2018 the receiver to MariellaBurani Fashion Group S.p.a. (“MBFG”) sued the former directors 
and statutory auditors of Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A, itsauditing firm and UBI Banca (as the 
company that absorbed Centrobanca), seeking a judgment ordering compensation foralleged damages 
suffered due to the many acts of mismanagement of the company while in good standing. 
According to the claimant’s arguments, Centrobanca, which was merged into UBI, continued to provide 
financial support to the parent company of the bankrupt company (Mariella Burani Holding S.p.A.), despite 
the signs of insolvency that began to show in September 2007, causing damages quantified at approximately 
€94 million. 
 
On a preliminary level, the bank argued that the receiver lacked capacity to sue since the disputed loan had 
been disbursed to the parent company of Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.a.; moreover, the alleged 
damages for which the receiver claims compensation were argued to have been in fact sustained by the 
company’s creditors (and not by the procedure). 
 
As regards the merit of the claims, the bank stressed that it had acted properly and the borrower in good 
standing was solely liable since it bore exclusive responsibility for preparing the untrue financial statements, 
circulating the misinformation and continuing to operate the company in an alleged situation of insolvency. 
 
Fondazione Cassa Risparmio di Jesi 
In January 2016, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca 
(as the alleged successor-in-interest to Banca Marche S.p.A.) and PwC (the auditing firm that certified all the 
financial statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the defendants published data 
and information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca della Marche S.p.A. that later 
proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial statements as at 31 
December 2010 and 30 June 2011and included in the Prospectus, is claimed to have led the Foundation to 
subscribe for the bank’s shares issued as part of thecapital increase in March 2012. The value of these shares 
then fell to zero, resulting in a loss quantified at approximately €25 million.

--- Page 98 ---
96 
 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by UBI, 
by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for Banca 
delle Marche. 
 
By judgment rendered on 18 March 2020, the Court of Ancona granted the objection of lack of capacity to 
be sued raised by the bank, rejecting the claims lodged. The appeal filed by the Foundation is currently 
pending before the Ancona Court of Appeal. 
 
Melania Group S.p.A.  
Proceedings brought by Melania Group and its guarantors in 2015 claiming unlawful suspension of credit 
and improper reporting to the Central Credit Register and seeking compensation for damages suffered 
quantified at €38 million. The claimants also sought the reversal of the interest accrued on the current 
accounts held by the company due to exceeding the “threshold rate”. When entering its appearance, the bank 
motioned the court to reject the claims formulated and lodged a counterclaim by virtue of the debt balances 
in the Melania Group’s name. By judgment in December 2019, the Court of Ancona rejected the 
compensation claims formulated by the adverse party, granting the bank’s counterclaim in a lesser amount 
than sought. The appeal initiated by UBI (which absorbed Banca Adriatica) is pending, with the first hearing 
scheduled for April 2021. 
 
Isoldi Holding bankruptcy receiver 
The receiver to Isoldi sued UBI (which absorbed Nuova Banca Etruria and Centrobanca) and five other 
banks in June 2020, claiming that they were liable, jointly and severally with the management body of Isoldi 
Holding, for a series of acts of diversion of assets that are claimed to have contributed to the company’s 
artificial survival in the period June 2011 – June 2013. The scheme is claimed to have been implemented by 
preparing a turnaround plan pursuant to Article 67, para. 3, letter d), of the Bankruptcy Law based on 
unlawful acts and a connected agreement governing the disbursement of new finance, acts that are argued to 
have artificially deferred the company’s crisis and concealed the irrevocability of its default. The total 
damages claimed amount to approximately €33.5 million. UBI Banca entered its appearance, claiming that it 
lacked capacity to be sued with regard to the claims bearing on Banca Etruria, since the circumstances in 
question are excluded from the sale. REV Gestione Crediti (fully owned by the Bank of Italy) joined the 
proceedings. 
 
Labour litigation 
There were no significant cases of labour litigation from either a qualitative or quantitative standpoint as at 
30 June 2021. In general, all labour litigation is covered by specific provisions adequate to meet any outlays. 
 
Contingent assets 
As for contingent assts, and the IMI/SIR dispute in particular, it should be recalled that following the final 
judgement establishing the criminal liability of the corrupt judge Metta (and his accomplices Rovelli, 
Acampora, Pacifico, and Previti), the defendants were ordered to pay compensation for damages, with the 
determination of those damages referred to the civil courts. Intesa Sanpaolo then brought a case before the 
Court of Rome to obtain an order of compensation for damages from those responsible. 
 
In its ruling of May 2015, the Court of Rome quantified the financial and non-financial damages for Intesa 
Sanpaolo and ordered Acampora and Metta – the latter also jointly liable with the Prime Minister’s Office 
(pursuant to Law no. 117/1988 on the accountability of the judiciary) – to pay Intesa Sanpaolo €173 million 
net of tax, plus legal interest accruing from 1 February 2015 to the date of final payment, plus legal 
expenses. The amount ordered took account of the amounts received in the meantime by the Bank as part of 
the settlements with the Rovelli family and with the counterparties Previti and Pacifico. 
 
In July 2016, the Rome Court of Appeal stayed the enforcement of the judgment of first instance with respect 
to the amount in excess of €130 million, in addition to ancillary charges and expenses, and adjourned the 
hearing of the final pleadings to June 2018. As a result of this decision, in December 2016 the Office of the 
President of the Council of Ministers credited Intesa Sanpaolo with the sum of €131,173,551.58 
(corresponding to the €130 million of the order, in addition to legal interest and reimbursement of expenses).

--- Page 99 ---
97 
 
To avoid dispute, only the exact amount of the order, without applying the gross-up, was demanded and 
collected. 
 
On 16 April 2020, the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Rome was filed, which essentially upheld the Court's 
ruling, while reducing the amount of non-financial damages to €8 million (compared to €77 million that had 
been quantified by the court of first instance), and set the amount to be paid at  €108 million, to be 
considered net of tax, plus legal interest and expenses. In the second quarter of 2020 the bank filed a petition 
for the correction of a material error contained in the finding regarding the calculation of the damages 
liquidated; the Court of Appeal rejected the bank's petition by ruling filed on 7 December 2020. Intesa 
Sanpaolo will therefore file an appeal to the Court of Cassation against the decision of the Court of Appeal in 
regard to the quantification of the non-financial damage and the erroneous calculation of the financial 
damage, for which an application for correction was filed. 
In a ruling filed on 5 June 2020, the Lazio Regional Tax Commission – Third Section rejected the appeal 
filed by the Italian Revenue Agency in the matter of registration tax (€10.3 million) against the ruling issued 
by the Court of Appeal of Rome on 7 March 2013, upholding the ruling of the Court of First Instance and 
ordering each party to pay its own costs. The Italian Revenue Agency did not appeal to the Court of 
Cassation within the time limit and so the appeal ruling in favour of the Bank has become final. The tax 
refunded by the Italian Revenue Agency during 2018 can be considered to have been definitively acquired 
by the Bank. 
Furthermore, as concerns the proceedings on the merits of the case, in May the Bank filed an appeal with the 
Court of Cassation against the Rome Court of Appeal's ruling of 16 April 2020. The appeal relates primarily 
to two aspects: 
 
the reduction in non-financial damages made by the Court of Appeal is devoid of any sound legal or 
logical reasoning; 
 
apart from the reduction in non-financial damages, the Court made a miscalculation when 
redetermining the total damages awarded to the Bank. 
In the second quarter of 2020 the bank filed a petition for the correction of a material error contained in the 
finding regarding the calculation of the damages liquidated; the Court of Appeal rejected the bank's petition 
by ruling filed on 7 December 2020. Intesa Sanpaolo will therefore file an appeal to the Court of Cassation 
against the decision of the Court of Appeal in regard to the quantification of the non-financial damage and 
the erroneous calculation of the financial damage, for which an application for correction was filed. 
In a ruling filed on 5 June 2020, the Lazio Regional Tax Commission – Third Section rejected the appeal 
filed by the Italian Revenue Agency in the matter of registration tax (€10.3 million) against the ruling issued 
by the Court of Appeal of Rome on 7 March 2013, upholding the ruling of the Court of First Instance and 
ordering each party to pay its own costs. The Italian Revenue Agency did not appeal to the Court of 
Cassation within the time limit and so the appeal ruling in favour of the Bank has become final. The tax 
refunded by the Italian Revenue Agency during 2018 can be considered to have been definitively acquired 
by the Bank. 
Furthermore, as concerns the proceedings on the merits of the case, in May the Bank filed an appeal with the 
Court of Cassation against the Rome Court of Appeal's ruling of 16 April 2020. The appeal relates primarily 
to two aspects: 
 
the reduction in non-financial damages made by the Court of Appeal is devoid of any sound legal or 
logical reasoning; 
 
apart from the reduction in non-financial damages, the Court made a miscalculation when 
redetermining the total damages awarded to the Bank. 
Tax litigation 
The Group's tax litigation risks are covered by adequate provisions to the allowances for risks and charges. 
No new cases of significant amounts arose in the first half of the year. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Parent Company Intesa Sanpaolo had 733 proceedings pending (687 as at 31 
December 2020) for a total amount claimed (taxes, penalties and interest) of €150 million (€139 million as at

--- Page 100 ---
98 
 
31 December 2020), considering both administrative and judicial proceedings in both the lower and higher 
courts. 
The increase in the value of tax litigation is mainly due to the dispute concerning the former UBI Banca 
(€7.7 million), which was transferred to the Parent Company following the merger, and to new disputes over 
municipal property tax on property lease contracts terminated without repossession of the assets (€2.6 
million). 
In relation to these proceedings, the actual risks were quantified for Intesa Sanpaolo at €62 million as at 30 
June 2021 (€57 million as at 31 December 2020). 
With regard to the pending disputes, as to the dispute with the Brazilian Tax Administration (amount in 
dispute of approximately €35 million), on income taxes and social security contributions related to the year 
1995, of the company Banco Sudameris Brasil (now Banco Santander Brasil), it should be noted that the 
civil court of first instance issued in April its judgment which, while accepting in part some of the Bank's 
objections, found on the whole in favour of the Brazilian Tax Administration. The judgment was appealed on 
10 May 2021, and the case is now pending in the court of second instance. According to local advisors, the 
likelihood of an adverse ruling in relation to the interest component (approximately €21 million) is remote. 
On the other hand, the provision for taxes and penalties (amounting to a total of €13.6 million of the deposit 
recognised within the assets in the balance sheet) has been increased prudentially from 25% as at 31 March 
2021 to 50% of that amount, thus setting aside a total of €6.8 million in the provision for risks. 
With reference to the dispute regarding registration tax on rulings ordering the Bank to return compound 
interest (so called interessi anatocistici) and maximum overdraft charges to customers - for which the Bank 
believes that a fixed registration tax of €200 is due under Article 8(1) (e) of the Tariff annexed to Presidential 
Decree no. 131/86 and the Note to point (b) of the same article (i.e. under the principle of alternativity VAT 
registration tax) - an initial judgment was issued by the Court of Cassation in June. The judgment, the 
grounds of which are debatable in many respects, unexpectedly upheld the principle that tax applies at the 
proportional rate of 3%, supporting a restrictive interpretation of Article 8(1)(e) of the Tariff and stating that 
said article is only applicable in cases where the entire contract, and not individual clauses, is declared 
invalid/voidable in judicial proceedings. As concerns the applicability of the principle of alternativity VAT 
registration tax, the Court of Cassation referred the matter back to the lower court for an assessment of the 
matter since, in this specific case, this aspect had been always subsumed in all lower court proceedings. 
Given the prevalence of favourable rulings in the various instances of the case, and the fact that the Court of 
Cassation has not yet ruled on the Bank's last objection, there are still valid reasons to continue the dispute. 
With regard to the merged company Mediocredito Italiano (MCI), and to the Tax Audit Report served on 13 
October 2020 disputing the VAT exemption under Article 8-bis of Presidential Decree 633/72 for tax year 
2015, applied by the company to boat leases, the Italian Revenue Agency - Lombardy Regional Directorate - 
Large Taxpayers Office has served the notice of tax assessment. Discussions are currently under way with 
the Italian Revenue Agency to settle not only the recently notified assessment for tax year 2015, but also the 
amounts claimed for tax year 2014 in a previous tax dispute. To this end, the Bank and the Italian Revenue 
Agency jointly requested postponement of the hearing before the Milan Provincial Tax Commission 
scheduled for 22 June, which has been postponed to 5 October. 
As to disputes settled during the period, it should be noted that a ruling by the Court of Cassation definitively 
annulled an earlier notice of assessment (avviso di rettifica e liquidazione) of registration tax on the sale in 
2008 by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. of a business line to Credito Piemontese S.p.A. (now Credito Valtellinese 
S.p.A.). The total amount of the claim is approximately €1.7 million and, as a result of the favourable ruling, 
the provisional payment made during the proceedings will be refunded. No provision had been set aside for 
this case. 
With regard to the Intesa Sanpaolo branches located abroad, two VAT audits on the London branch are 
under way, the first for the years 2016, 2017 and 2018 and the second for 2020. Three audits are also under 
way on the New York branch for 2015, 2016 and 2018. No claims have been made for the time being. 
The audit on the Madrid branch for the year 2015 ended with a tax assessment by the tax authorities 
disputing the deductibility of intercompany costs of €2.2 million and charging €93 thousand of tax, plus 
interest of €17 thousand and penalties of €20 thousand. The branch decided to accept the tax assessment. 
By notice dated April 2021, the Madrid Revenue Agency also started a tax audit for the year 2016 
concerning income tax on the Madrid branch of the merged company UBI Banca, which had been closed 
down on 31 December 2018. In their first contact on 5 July 2021, the Spanish tax officials requested a large 
number of accounting and tax documents, which will be delivered by our local advisors in the coming weeks.

--- Page 101 ---
99 
 
At the level of the Group's other Italian companies, tax disputes totalled €72 million as at 30 June 2021 (€63 
million as at 31 December 2020), covered by specific provisions of €10 million (unchanged from 31 
December 2020). 
The increase in disputes compared to the end of 2020 mainly relates to new disputes that arose in the first 
half of 2021 for Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. and Cargeas Assicurazioni S.p.A., net of closed 
disputes of Provis S.p.A. (€1 million) and disputes of the former UBI Banca which, as a result of the merger, 
are now included in the figures of the Parent Company. 
As to Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking, on 29 April 2021 notices were served for the assessment of IRES and 
IRAP taxes for tax year 2016. The amount deducted by the company and now disputed by the Lombardy 
Regional Revenue Directorate for tax year 2016 is the same amount already adjusted for 2015, of €12.1 
million, corresponding to higher IRES of €3.3 million and IRAP of €0.7 million, plus interest, and penalties 
(total amount €8.2 million); The assessments relate to the deduction (in 2011 and the following years) of the 
amortisation charge for the goodwill arising from the transfers of the private banking business lines of Intesa 
Sanpaolo and Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì e della Romagna in 2009, Banca di Trento e Bolzano and Cassa di 
Risparmio di Firenze in 2010 and Cassa di Risparmio Pistoia e Lucchesia and Cassa di Risparmio 
dell'Umbria in 2013, which had been realigned by the transferee in accordance with Article 15, paragraph 10, 
of Law Decree 185 of 29 November 2008. The dispute currently concerns the years from 2011 to 2016 and 
the total amount claimed by way of tax, penalties and interest is €51 million. According to the opinion issued 
on 17 June 2021 by the advisor assisting the Bank in the cases pending before the Court of Cassation, the 
risk of an adverse ruling is classified as "possible", since the lawfulness of realigning the tax value of the 
goodwill newly generated for the transferee – something which in the past was done by other Group 
companies without incurring in tax disputes – has been expressly acknowledged by the Italian Revenue 
Agency in Circular no. 8/E of 2010 and is consistent with the provisions of Article 15, paragraph 10 of Law 
Decree 185/2008. 
Cargeas Assicurazioni S.p.A., an insurance company acquired by Intesa Sanpaolo Vita on 27 May 2021, 
underwent a tax audit by the Italian Revenue Agency, Lombardy Regional Directorate, Large Taxpayers 
Office, aimed at verifying the correct application, for the years from 2010 to 2018, of the tax rules on private 
insurance and life annuity contracts pursuant to Law no. 1216 of 29 October 1961. 
As a result of the audit, the authorities claimed that redundancy insurance policies (which are mandatorily 
associated with loans secured by the assignment of one-fifth of salary and optional with other mortgages, 
loans and consumer credit), should not be subject to tax on insurance premiums at a rate of 2.5%, but should 
be classified as credit risk insurance policies, subject to a tax rate of 12.5%. 
The Revenue Agency maintains that although the risk insured (on the basis of which the premium is 
determined with statistical/actuarial criteria) is the loss of employment, redundancy policies should be 
charged the 12.5% rate applicable to credit risk insurance, given that the ultimate aim of the policy is to 
protect the lending institution's interest in collecting its credit. 
The dispute is nothing new for the insurance industry; in fact, insurance companies have been maintaining 
that the Agency's reasoning is unsubstantiated and biased for years now. ANIA has also recently given its 
opinion on the matter through circular no. 0082 of 5 March 2021 (which refers to circular no. 127 of 21 April 
2005), pointing out that the Agency's position produces a series of unsystematic and abnormal consequences 
which certainly do not reflect the intention of the legislator in Law no. 1216, and diverge from the guidance 
of the financial administration itself which, on this point, had supported application of the 2.5% rate in 
circular no. 29/E of 2001. 
After the audit, on 25 May 2021 Cargeas received an assessment notice for 2010 claiming an additional tax 
of €1.7 million, €0.6 million in interest and €3.4 million in penalties, equal to 200% of the assessed tax 
(minimum penalty prescribed by law), for a total of €5.6 million. The dispute was referred to an advisor for 
drafting of the appeal, which is currently being finalised. The legal advisors are studying the case to 
determine whether the potential charges arising from this dispute can be recovered in whole and/or in part 
from the seller, Cardif / BNP Paribas. Moreover, for the reasons clearly stated by ANIA, the risk of incurring 
a liability is considered possible. Lastly, a preliminary analysis was conducted on Cargeas to determine the 
potential impact of the dispute on all the years potentially subject to assessment: for the entire period 2011-
2018 (the analysis is under way for the period 2019-2021) the total potential additional tax in the event of tax 
assessment would be €2.9 million and the potential penalties would amount to €5.8 million (plus interest). 
Lastly, with regard to the same case, Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura received the following two questionnaires in 
April 2021: the first for 2012 and 2013 for the former Bentos Assicurazioni, merged into Intesa Sanpaolo 
Assicura in December 2013; the second for 2012 for Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura.

--- Page 102 ---
100 
 
To date, the questionnaires have not been followed by any tax assessments by the Agency. According to the 
initial checks carried out, the potential impact of the dispute on Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura for all the years 
potentially subject to assessment would be of a small amount (less than €1million). 
The tax disputes involving foreign subsidiaries are of small amounts and are covered by provisions as to 75% 
of the risk. In particular, these are disputes having a total value of €8 million (€9 million at the end of 2020) 
for which provisions of €6 million have been set aside (€7 million at the end of 2020). 
Alexbank has two pending tax audits concerning corporate income tax, referring to tax year 2018, and stamp 
duty, referring to tax year 2019. At present no claims have been put forward. In addition, there is a pending 
dispute concerning the non- payment of stamp duty by the Bank's branches for a total value of approximately 
€3.3 million for tax periods 1984 – 2008. The potential liability has been fully covered by provision. 
A tax audit on Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil S.A. - Banco Multiplo is also under way, conducted by Sao Paulo City 
Municipality in relation to tax years 2016 and 2017. No tax assessment notices have been issued yet, but the 
company's accounting and financial documents have been requested.

--- Page 103 ---
101 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER – AN OVERVIEW 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
The annual financial information below as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 has been derived respectively from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the 2020 Audited Financial Statements) 
and from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 (the 2019 Audited Financial Statements). 
Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
The half yearly financial information below as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2021 and for the 
six months ended on 30 June 2020 has been derived respectively from the unaudited condensed consolidated 
half yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 
2021 (the 2021 Half Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements) and from the unaudited condensed 
consolidated half yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended 
on 30 June 2020 (the 2020 Half Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements). 
Incorporation by Reference 
 
Both the audited consolidated annual and the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements referred 
to above are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference"). The financial information set out below forms only part of, should be read in conjunction with 
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the above-mentioned audited consolidated annual and 
unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and auditors' 
reports. 
Accounting Principles 
The audited consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements referred to 
above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board and the relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee, otherwise known as International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by 
the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. The half-yearly condensed consolidated financial 
statements referred to above have been prepared in compliance with the IAS/IFRS issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) endorsed by the European Commission, as provided for by EU 
Regulation 1606 of 19 July 2002 and in force as at 30 June 2021. 
In particular, the 2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are prepared in compliance with IAS 34 
requirements, which regulate interim financial reporting. 
The accounting standards adopted in preparation of these 2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements, 
with regard to the classification, recognition, measurement and derecognition of the financial assets and 
liabilities, and the recognition methods for revenues and costs, have remained unchanged compared to those 
adopted for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2020 Audited Financial Statements, which should be consulted for 
the complete details, except for the criteria for the preparation of segment reporting. With reference to these 
criteria, it is worth noting that in the first half of 2021 a revision was carried out of the allocation methods for 
costs and revenues between the Business Units and Corporate Centre, also in relation to the need to integrate 
UBI Banca in accordance with the segment reporting approaches of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group.  
 
In addition, the indications provided by the authorities and the IASB, together with the application decisions 
made by Intesa Sanpaolo, as described in the chapter "The first half of 2021", should be consulted on the 
consequences of the impact of the COVID-19 health emergency. Some amendments to existing accounting 
standards, endorsed by the European Commission in 2019 and 2020, were applicable on a mandatory basis 
for the first time starting in 2020, but none of them is particularly significant for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
 
A summary of the endorsing Regulations is provided below:

--- Page 104 ---
102 
 
- 
Regulation 2075/2019: this regulation of 29 November 2019 adopted several amendments to the IFRS 
relating to references to the Conceptual Framework. The amendments are designed to update the 
references – in the various IAS/IFRS and interpretations – to the previous framework, by replacing 
them with the references to the framework revised in March 2018. The Conceptual Framework is not 
an accounting standard and is therefore not subject to endorsement, whereas this particular document 
is subject to endorsement because it amends some IAS/IFRS; 
 
- 
Regulation 2104/2019: this regulation of 29 November 2019 adopts several amendments to IAS 1 
Presentation of Financial Statements and IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting 
Estimates and Errors in order to clarify the definition of material information and to improve its 
understandability. The materiality depends on the nature and significance of the information or both. 
An entity shall also verify whether an item of information, either individually or in combination with 
other information, is material in the overall context of the financial statements; 
 
- 
Regulation 551/2020: the Regulation dated 21 April 2020 adopted several amendments to IFRS 3 
Business Combination introduced with the IASB publication of 22 October 2018 "Definition of a 
Business (Amendments to IFRS 3)" in order to facilitate the practical application of the definition of 
the term "business". These clarifications do not entail any changes to the practices already followed by 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group with regard to the definition of a business. 
 
In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has exercised the option of early adoption of Regulation (EU) 
34/2020 of 15 January 2020 for the 2019 Audited Financial Statements, which adopted the document issued 
by the IASB in September 2019 on "Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (amendments to IFRS 9 Financial 
Instruments, IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and IFRS 7 Financial 
Instruments: Disclosures)”, application of which is mandatory with effect from 1 January 2020. This 
regulation introduced several amendments regarding hedges (hedge accounting) designed to prevent 
uncertainties about the amount and timing of the cash flows arising from the rate reform resulting in the 
discontinuation of existing hedges and difficulties in designating new hedging relationships. 
 
As disclosed in the 2019 Audited Financial Statements, this relates to recent developments concerning the 
revision or replacement of certain interest rate benchmarks used to set interest rates in various jurisdictio ns, 
such as LIBOR, TIBOR and, in Europe, EONIA, based on the indications from the G20 and the Financial 
Stability Board.The IASB dealt with the possible accounting impacts of the IBOR Reform through a project 
divided into two phases: the first phase focused on the possible accounting impacts in the period prior to the 
replacement of the existing benchmark rates with new rates (pre-replacement issues); and the second phase 
of the project, which concluded with the publication in August 2020 of the document “Interest Rate 
Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 – Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IAS 16”, endorsed by 
Regulation 25/2021 of 13 January 2021, involves the analysis of the possible accounting impacts deriving 
from the application of the new rates and other less urgent issues (replacement issues). Phase 1 of the project, 
which ended with the publication of the above-mentioned Regulation 34/2020, introduced several changes to 
prevent the discontinuation of existing hedges. The IASB considers that, in this scenario, the discontinuation 
of hedges solely due to the effect of uncertainty does not provide useful information for the readers of 
financial statements and has therefore decided to make some temporary exceptions to the existing regulations 
to prevent these distortions, which can be applied until the reform of the interest rate benchmarks has been 
completed.  
 
The IASB has identified several hedge accounting provisions that could be affected by the reform of the 
benchmarks in the “pre-replacement” phase and introduced a simplification for each of them, assuming that 
the interest rate benchmarks used to set existing interest rates will not be changed as a result of the interbank 
rate reform. The amendments became applicable on a mandatory basis from 1 January 2020, with the option 
of early application, as exercised by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which applied these provisions when 
preparing its 2019 Audited Financial Statements. 
 
Finally, Regulation 25/2021 of 13 January 2021 endorsed “Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2, 
Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16” published by the IASB on 27 August 2020 
regarding issues pertaining to phase two of the interest rate reform project. 
The main amendments implemented relate to:

--- Page 105 ---
103 
 
 
- Modification/derecognition 
The issue concerns the accounting treatment of amendments to existing contracts to reflect the new interest 
rates and whether they are to be accounted for - pursuant to IFRS 9 - as a modification or a derecognition. In 
this regard, the legislation aims to safeguard the amendments relating to the IBOR reform: 
 
it is clarified that amendments - following the IBOR reform - relating to the replacement of the 
existing IBOR rate with the new risk-free rate, even in the absence of amendments to the contractual 
conditions, do not constitute a derecognition event but are to be considered a modification from an 
accounting standpoint; and 
 
a practical expedient is proposed allowing such amendments, applied on equivalent economic bases, 
to be represented with a prospective adjustment of the effective interest rate, with impacts on net interest 
income in future periods (and not by applying modification accounting pursuant to IFRS 9). 
Similar changes regarding contract amendments were also made to IFRS 16 Leasing and IFRS 4 Insurance 
Contracts, in line with the provisions regarding financial instruments summarised above. 
 
- Hedge accounting 
In phase two of the project, the IASB analysed the impact on hedging relationships of amendments caused 
by the IBOR reform on financial instruments part of a hedging relationship and which may constitute 
potential new triggers for the discontinuation of the hedges, establishing several exceptions to IAS 39 (and to 
IFRS 9 for those who have also adopted it for hedges) that make it possible not to apply discontinuation 
following an update of the documentation of the hedging relationship (due to modification of the hedged 
risk, the hedged underlying or the hedging derivative, or of the method for verifying hedge effectiveness). 
Any cases of ineffectiveness must nonetheless be recognised in the income statement. In addition, some 
amendments were applied with regard to the designation of separately identifiable risk components. When a 
hedging relationship is modified as a result of the reform or new hedging relationships are designated, an 
alternative interest rate designated as a non-contractually specified risk component might not meet the 
separately identifiable requirement since the alternative interest rate market might not be sufficiently 
developed on the designation date. In this regard, it has been established that an alternative interest rate 
meets this requirement if the entity reasonably expects that the designation will become separately 
identifiable within 24 months. The amendments introduced by the IASB thus aim at not discontinuing 
existing hedge relationships as a result of the reform. Accordingly, no impacts of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
are foreseen. 
 
- Disclosure 
Disclosure is to be further enhanced, in addition to the supplements to IFRS 7 already implemented within 
the framework of the phase one amendments, with the addition of qualitative and quantitative disclosure 
requirements to be met in the financial statements with regard to the nature and risks associated with the 
IBOR reform, the management of such risks and progress in the process of transitioning to the new rates. 
Adoption of these amendments will be mandatory for financial statements for periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2021, with the possibility of optional early adoption. Following the analyses, the Group did not 
deem it necessary to utilise the possibility of early application of the amendments for the 2020 financial 
statements. 
 
The 2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements, drawn up in euro as the functional currency, are 
prepared in condensed form as permitted by IAS 34, and contain the consolidated Balance sheet, the 
consolidated Income statement, the Statement of consolidated comprehensive income, the Changes in 
consolidated shareholders’ equity, the consolidated Statement of cash flows for the six month period then 
ended and the explanatory notes. They are also complemented by information on significant events which 
occurred in the period, on the main risks and uncertainties to be faced in the remaining months of the year, as 
well as information on significant related party transactions. With effect from the 2018 audited  financial 
statements, following the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s decision to exercise the option of adopting the deferral 
approach, also provided for banking-led financial conglomerates, specific balance sheet and income 
statement captions have been added to the consolidated financial statement layouts established in Circular 
262 to present the valuation of assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance companies and the related profit 
or loss effects measured in accordance with IAS 39. The amounts indicated in the financial statements and 
explanatory notes are expressed in millions of euro, unless otherwise specified.

--- Page 106 ---
104 
 
The Half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in compliance with IAS 34 
requirements, which regulate interim financial reporting. The accounting standards adopted in the 
preparation of the Half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements, with regard to the classification, 
recognition, measurement and derecognition of the financial assets and liabilities, and the recognition 
methods for revenues and costs, have remained unchanged compared to those adopted for the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group 2020 Annual Report, except for the  criteria for the preparation of segment reporting, for 
which, in the first half of 2021 a revision was carried out of the allocation methods for costs and revenues 
between the business Units and Corporate Centre, also in relation to the need to integrate UBI Banca in 
accordance with the segment reporting approaches of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
 
As reported in the “2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements”, the assets held for sale include 
the non-performing loan portfolios of Intesa Sanpaolo, including those from UBI Banca, merged into Intesa 
Sanpaolo from 12 April 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo Provis and UBI Leasing, which will be sold mainly during the 
second half of 2021 as part of the Group’s de-risking strategies. Likewise, assets held for sale include single-
name nonperforming credit exposures subject to already approved transactions expected to be closed after 30 
June 2021.  
Finally, discontinued operations include the shareholding in Intesa Sanpaolo Forvalue, subject to transfer to 
the Tinexta Group as part of the strategic partnership concerning non-financial services to companies, and 
the business line dedicated to the acquiring activity within the payment system relating to the scope of the 
former UBI Banca, which will be transferred to Nexi during the second half of 2021. 
 
The 2021 Half Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are complemented by certification of the Managing 
Director – CEO and the Manager responsible for preparing the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s financial reports 
pursuant to Article154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance and have been reviewed by the Independent 
Auditors EY S.p.A.

--- Page 107 ---
105 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31.12.2020  
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2019. 
 
 
 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Assets  
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
9,814 
9,745 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
58,246 
49,414 
a) financial assets held for trading 
53,165 
45,152 
b) financial assets designated at fair value 
3 
195 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
5,078 
4,067 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
57,858 
72,410 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair value pursuant to IAS 39 
177,170 
168,202 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
615,260 
467,815 
a) due from banks 
110,095 
49,027 
b) loans to customers 
505,165 
418,788 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39 
1,211 
612 
Hedging derivatives 
1,134 
3,029 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
2,400 
1,569 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control 
1,996 
1,240 
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties 
93 
28 
Property and equipment 
10,850 
8,878 
Intangible assets 
8,194 
9,211 
of which: 
 
 
- goodwill 
3,154 
4,055 
Tax assets 
19,503 
15,467 
a) current 
2,326 
1,716 
b) deferred 
17,177 
13,751 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
28,702 
494 
Other assets 
10,183 
7,988 
 
Total Assets 
1,002,614 
816,102

--- Page 108 ---
106 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 31.12.2020 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019. 
 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity  
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
630,146 
519,382 
a) due to banks 
115,947 
103,324 
b) due to customers 
422,365 
331,181 
c) securities issued 
91,834 
84,877 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised cost pursua
1,935 
826 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
59,033 
45,226 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
3,032 
4 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair value pursuant to 
77,207 
75,935 
Hedging derivatives 
7,088 
9,288 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
733 
527 
Tax liabilities 
3,029 
2,321 
a) current 
284 
455 
b) deferred 
2,745 
1,866 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
35,676 
41 
Other liabilities 
14,439 
12,070 
Employee termination indemnities 
1,200 
1,134 
Allowances for risks and charges 
5,964 
3,997 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
626 
482 
b) post-employment benefits 
324 
232 
c) other allowances for risks and charges 
5,014 
3,283 
Technical reserves 
96,811 
89,136 
Valuation reserves 
-515 
-157 
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies 
809 
504 
Redeemable shares 
- 
- 
Equity instruments 
7,441 
4,103 
Reserves 
17,461 
13,279 
Share premium reserve 
27,444 
25,075 
Share capital 
10,084 
9,086 
Treasury shares (-) 
-130 
-104 
Minority interests (+/-) 
450 
247 
Net income (loss) (+/-) 
3,277 
4,182 
 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
1,002,614 
816,102

--- Page 109 ---
107 
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
31.12.2020  
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2019. 
 
Interest and similar income 
31.12.2020 
Audited 
 
 
 
10,183 
31.12.2019 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
 
10,193 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method 
10,277 
10,565 
Interest and similar expense 
-2,451 
-3,269 
Interest margin 
7,732 
6,924 
Fee and commission income 
10,312 
9,658 
Fee and commission expense 
-2,334 
-2,159 
Net fee and commission income 
7,978 
7,499 
Dividend and similar income 
86 
117 
Profits (Losses) on trading 
628 
506 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
71 
-61 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
633 
1,385 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
-193 
97 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
870 
1,218 
c) financial liabilities 
-44 
70 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 
-9 
123 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
57 
-103 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
-66 
226 
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to IAS 39 
3,463 
3,991 
Net interest and other banking income 
20,582 
20,484 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risks associated with: 
-4,364 
-2,201 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
-4,356 
-2,175 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
-8 
-26 
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to IAS39 
-81 
-9 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-29 
-6 
Net income from banking activities 
16,108 
18,268 
Net insurance premiums 
10,842 
10,147 
Other net insurance income (expense) 
-12,802 
-12,673 
Net income from banking and insurance activities 
14,148 
15,742 
Administrative expenses: 
-12,160 
-9,692 
a) personnel expenses 
-7,562 
-5,825 
b) other administrative expenses 
-4,598 
-3,867 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
-793 
-73 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
4 
23 
b) other net provisions 
-797 
-96 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment 
-578 
-523 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets 
-818 
-692 
Other operating expenses (income) 
3,347 
774 
Operating expenses 
-11,002 
-10,206 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to joint control 
-16 
53 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets measured at fair value 
-42 
-13 
Goodwill impairment 
-981 
- 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments 
101 
96 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations 
2,208 
5,672 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
-59 
-1,564 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations 
2,149 
4,108 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations 
1,136 
64 
Net income (loss) 
3,285 
4,172 
Minority interests 
-8 
10 
Parent Company's net income (loss) 
3,277 
4,182 
Basic EPS - Euro 
0.18 
0.24 
Diluted EPS - Euro 
0.18 
0.24

--- Page 110 ---
108 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30.06.2021 
 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
 
Unaudited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Assets 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
9,319 
9,814 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
60,952 
58,246 
a) financial assets held for trading 
55,720 
53,165 
b) financial assets designated at fair value 
4 
3 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
5,228 
5,078 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
67,263 
57,858 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair value pursuant to IAS 39 
206,138 
177,170 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
656,626 
615,260 
a) due from banks 
154,650 
110,095 
b) loans to customers 
501,976 
505,165 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39 
906 
1,211 
Hedging derivatives 
1,175 
1,134 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
1,231 
2,400 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control 
1,707 
1,996 
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties 
159 
93 
Property and equipment 
10,586 
10,850 
Intangible assets 
8,865 
8,194 
of which 
 
- goodwill 
3,979 
3,154 
Tax assets 
19,014 
19,503 
a) current 
2,635 
2,326 
b) deferred 
16,379 
17,177 
 
 
 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
1,566 
28,702 
Other assets 
12,088 
10,183 
 
Total Assets 
1,057,595 
1,002,614

--- Page 111 ---
109 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30.06.2021 
 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
 
Unaudited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
685,622 
630,146 
a) due to banks 
164,847 
115,947 
b) due to customers 
432,568 
422,365 
c) securities issued 
88,207 
91,834 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39 
2,529 
1,935 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
57,335 
59,033 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
3,361 
3,032 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair value pursuant to IAS 39 
83,010 
77,207 
Hedging derivatives 
5,019 
7,088 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
363 
733 
Tax liabilities 
2,490 
3,029 
a) current 
440 
284 
b) deferred 
2,050 
2,745 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
78 
35,676 
Other liabilities 
24,722 
14,439 
Employee termination indemnities 
1,098 
1,200 
Allowances for risks and charges 
5,943 
5,964 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
548 
626 
b) post employment benefits 
310 
324 
c) other allowances for risks and charges 
5,085 
5,014 
Technical reserves 
119,475 
96,811 
Valuation reserves 
-476 
-515 
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies 
661 
809 
Redeemable shares 
- 
- 
Equity instruments 
6,269 
7,441 
Reserves 
19,495 
17,461 
Share premium reserve 
27,286 
27,444 
Share capital 
10,084 
10,084 
Treasury shares (-) 
-110 
-130 
Minority interests (+/-) 
318 
450 
Net income (loss) (+/-) 
3,023 
3,277 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
1,057,595 
1,002,614

--- Page 112 ---
110 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30.06.2021 
The half-yearly financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020. 
First six months 
of 2021 
First six months 
of 2020 
Unaudited 
Unaudited 
(in millions of €) 
Interest and similar income 
5,207 
4,747 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method 
5,073 
4,928 
Interest and similar expense 
-1,174 
-1,272 
Interest margin 
4,033 
3,475 
Fee and commission income 
5,884 
4,507 
Fee and commission expense 
-1,264 
-1,083 
Net fee and commission income 
4,620 
3,424 
Dividend and similar income 
82 
60 
Profits (Losses) on trading 
409 
305 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
45 
-12 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of 
522 
798 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
123 
-29 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
428 
620 
c) financial liabilities 
-29 
207 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 
99 
109 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
-31 
141 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
130 
-32 
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to IAS 39 
2,362 
1,413 
Net interest and other banking income 
12,172 
9,572 
Net losses / recoveries for credit risks associated with: 
-1,076 
-1,718 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
-1,066 
-1,697 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
-10 
-21 
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to IAS39 
-2 
-35 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-19 
-8 
Net income from banking activities 
11,075 
7,811 
Net insurance premiums 
4,989 
4,461 
Other net insurance income (expense) 
-6,532 
-5,077 
Net income from banking and insurance activities 
9,532 
7,195 
Administrative expenses 
-5,650 
-4,685 
a) personnel expenses 
-3,362 
-2,743 
b) other administrative expenses 
-2,288 
-1,942 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
-141 
-101 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
60 
-39 
b) other net provisions 
-201 
-62 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment 
-320 
-256 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets 
-410 
-365 
Other operating expenses (income) 
475 
331 
Operating expenses 
-6,046 
-5,076 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to joint control 
41 
-33 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets measured at fair value 
-4 
- 
Goodwill impairment 
- 
- 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments 
189 
5 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations 
3,712 
2,091 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
-725 
-668 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations 
2,987 
1,423 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations 
- 
1,136 
Net income (loss) 
2,987 
2,559 
Minority interests 
36 
7 
Parent Company's net income (loss) 
3,023 
2,566 
Basic EPS – Euro 
0.16 
0.15 
Diluted EPS – Euro 
0.16 
0.15

--- Page 113 ---
111 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
 
Changes in regulatory framework 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the Italian 
Securities and Exchange Commission (CONSOB), the European Central Bank (the ECB) and the European 
System of Central Banks and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board (SRB). Certain 
entities within the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are also subject to supervision by the Italian Institute for the 
Supervision of Insurance and the Issuer is also subject to rules applicable to it as an issuer of shares listed on 
the Milan Stock Exchange. The banking laws to which the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject govern the 
activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of such 
institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group must comply with 
financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of legislation and 
regulations are being introduced in Italy and the European Union that may affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, 
including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's capital 
requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel 
Committee).   
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory framework 
being implemented at the European Union level, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has in place specific procedures 
and internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention 
and detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer 
relations and registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, 
there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s results of operations, business and financial condition. In addition, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been recently approved and the relevant 
implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
The CRD IV Package 
The Basel III framework began to be implemented in the EU from 1 January 2014 through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD IV) 
and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the CRR and together with the CRD IV, 
the CRD IV Package). Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2016/313. The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by Regulation (EU) No. 
2019/876 (CRRII) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (CRD V). 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of 
time (the requirements have been largely fully effective by 2019 and some minor transitional provisions 
provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the EU Banking Reform Package 
(as defined below) are provided in the paragraph “Revisions to the CRD IV Package” below. 
 
In Italy the CRD IV has been implemented by Legislative Decree no. 72 of 12 May 2015 which impacts, 
inter alia, on: 
(a) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions' holdings, shareholders and members of the management 
body requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 CRD IV); 
(b) 
competent authorities' powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 102 and 104 CRD 
IV);

--- Page 114 ---
112 
 
(c) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 71 
CRD IV); and 
(d) 
administrative penalties and measures (Articles 64 and 65 CRD IV). 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of 
the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the Circular No. 285)) which came into force on 1 January 
2014, and has been amended over time in order to implement, inter alia,  the CRD IV Package and set out 
additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised at EU level. Circular No. 285 has been 
constantly updated after its first issue, the last update being the 37th update published on 24 November 2021. 
The CRD IV Package has also been supplemented in Italy by technical standards and guidelines relating to 
the CRD IV and the CRR finalized by the European Supervisory Authorities (ESAs), mainly the EBA and 
ESMA, and delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following own funds 
requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6%; and 
(iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8%. According to Articles from 129 to 134 of CRD IV, these minimum ratios are 
complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 capital, reported below as applicable 
with reference to december 2021: 
 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of the 
CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285, as amended in October 2016); 
 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer (CCyB): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 2.5% of 
credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other Member States and 
third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent authority considers that the 
conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 and 
applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit growth 
excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III of Circular 
No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the CCyB (relating to exposures towards 
Italian counterparties) at 0% for the first quarter of 2022; 
 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks (G-SIBs): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer ranging from 1.0% to 3.5% determined according to specific indicators (size, 
interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the services provided, global cross border activity and 
complexity); to be phased in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, 
Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285) becoming fully effective on 1 January 2019. Based 
on the most recently updated list of globally systemically important institutions (G-SIIs) published by 
the Financial Stability Board (FSB) on 23 November 2021, neither the Issuer (nor any member of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they do not need to comply with a G-SIB capital 
buffer requirement (or leverage ratio buffer); and 
 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level (O-SIIs): (the category to 
which Intesa Sanpaolo currently belongs): up to 2.0% as set by the relevant competent authority 
(reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent to the 
financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, Chapter 1, Section IV of Circular 
No. 285. Recently, the Bank of Italy identified Intesa Sanpaolo Group as an O-SII authorised to 
operate in Italy in 2022, and has imposed on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group a capital buffer for O-SII of 
0.75%, to be achieved according to a transitional period, as follows: 0.56% from 1 January 2020, 
0.75% from 1 January 2021 and at 0.75% from 1 January 2022. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV each Member State may 
introduce a systemic risk buffer in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or macro-
prudential risks not covered by the CRD IV Package. The Italian authorities have not introduced such a 
measure to date.   
On 28 April 2021, the Bank of Italy released a consultation paper containing some proposed amendments to 
Circular No. 285. The Italian regulator is proposing, inter alia, to introduce a systematic sectorial risk buffer,

--- Page 115 ---
113 
 
pursuant to Article 133 of the CRD IV. In order to identify an appropriate subset of sectorial exposures to 
which apply a systematic risk buffer, the Bank of Italy also announced its intention to comply with and, thus, 
implement the EBA "Guidelines on the appropriate subset of sectorial exposures to which competent or 
designated authorities may apply a systematic risk buffer in accordance with Article 133(5)(f) of the CRD 
IV" of 30 September 2020.Although the public consultation ended on 28th June 2021, the date of the final 
approval and entrance into force of the amended Circular No. 285 with regard to the systemic sectorial risk 
buffer is still uncertain. Depending on the outcome of the public hearing, additional capital requirements may 
result. 
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above (the Combined Buffer 
Requirement) may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum Distributable 
Amounts (MDA) and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or take remedial action 
(Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV).  
As part of the CRD IV Package transitional arrangements, as implemented by Circular No. 285, regulatory 
capital recognition of outstanding instruments which qualified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments under 
the framework which the CRD IV Package has replaced that no longer meet the minimum criteria under the 
CRD IV Package are gradually being phased out. Fixing the base at the nominal amount of such instruments 
outstanding on 1 January 2013, their recognition was capped at 80% in 2014, with this cap decreasing by 
10% in each subsequent year (see, in particular, Part Two, Chapter 14, Section 2 of Circular No. 285).  
A further rule introduced by the CRRII, applicable in respect of liabilities issued before 27 June 2019, allows 
for the “grandfathering” of instruments as, respectively, Additional Tier 1 instruments, Tier 2 instruments 
and eligible liabilities, even if they do not fully comply with certain requirements of the CRRII. This 
treatment is available until 28 June 2025 at the latest. 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the LCR). This is a stress liquidity 
measure based on modelled 30-day outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 
October 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions 
(the LCR Delegated Act) was adopted in October 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union in January 2015. On 10 October 2018, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were 
published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 of 13 July 2018) and 
has applied as of April 2020. Most of these amendments are related to the entry into force of the new 
securitisation framework on 1 January 2019. The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) is part of the Basel III 
framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer time horizon (one year) by creating incentives for 
banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on an on-going basis. The NSFR has been 
introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and is applicable from June 2021.   
Revisions to the CRD IV Package  
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the EU Banking Reform Package). The EU 
Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals were agreed by the European 
Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission and were published in the Official Journal 
of the EU on 7 June 2019, entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions are 
applicable as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(a) revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk;  
(b) changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement, pending 
the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the of the FRTB (as defined below) published in 
January 2019 by the BCBS and the application of own funds requirements as of 1 January 2023;  
(c) a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop to risk-
weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution’s Tier 1 capital;

--- Page 116 ---
114 
 
(d) a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance their 
long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in 
order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the amount of available 
stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and regulatory capital by 
appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as a 
percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable 
funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. 
The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 
2021, unless competent authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis  as of two 
years after the date of entry into force of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(e) changes to the the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(f) improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the “EU Banking Reform Package” regarding the banking 
sector have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the 
amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments proposed better align the current regulatory 
framework to international developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among 
jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, 
excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V and 
BRRD 2 shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which 
will be applicable subsequently (please see below).  
On 29 November 2021, the Legislative Decree No. 182, of 8 November 2021, implementing CRD V and 
CRR II has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy, delegating the Bank of Italy to 
adopt the secondary implementing provisions within 180 days from the entry into force of the same Decree.  
 
On 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021, implementing the BRRD 2, was 
published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 2021. 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded the 
review process of the models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the 
calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and 
introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the 
basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent of those calculated on the basis of 
the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. 
The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new 
framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. Prior to becoming 
binding on the European banking system, the European Commission, which conducted a public 
consultation (closed on 3 January 2020) is assessing the potential impacts on the European economy.  
 
In August 2021, the European Commission required the EBA to update its assessment in the light of Covid-
19, which was published in December 2020. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes also 
amendments to CRD IV, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II (CRR III). In particular, the CRR III 
legislative initiative aims at implementing in the EU the 2017 Basel Accord and further elements not 
included in such international framework contributing to financial stability and to the steady financing of the 
economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. This general objective can be broken down in 
four more specific objectives:

--- Page 117 ---
115 
 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital requirements 
overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools;  
(iv) 
to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to 
institutions prudential data; and 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for 
internal MREL. 
Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process 
(European Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, 
these regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes 
in the capital calculation and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the European 
Banking Authority (EBA), published in December 2019 upon request of the European Commission, shows 
that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase minimum capital 
requirements (MCR) by 23.6 per cent, resulting in a capital deficit of €124 billion. On 21 August 2020, the 
EBA has been requested by the European Commission to update further its figured and published the new 
impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is presented under two implementation 
scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the previous Call for Advice (CfA) reports; the 
second one considers the additional features requested by the European Commission in its CfA, i.e. 
applying the SME supporting factors on top of the Basel SME preferential risk weight treatment; 
maintaining EU credit valuation adjustement (CVA) exemptions;exercising the jurisdictional discretion 
contemplated in the BaselIII framework to exclude the bank-specific historical loss component from the 
calculation of the capital for operational risk (internal loss multiplier (ILM)=1). Under the BaselIII 
scenario, the steady-state implementation of the overall reform scheduled for January2028 could increase 
the minimum required capital (MRC) amount, which includes Pillar2 requirements and EU-specific 
buffers, by +18.5% with respect to the December2019 baseline. Under the EU-specific scenario, steady-
state implementation of the final BaselIII framework (i.e. 2028) could increasethe MRC amount by 
+13.1% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. 
 
The EBA has been conducting regular and ad-hoc quantitative impact studies to assess or monitor the impact 
of various rules on the EU banking sector. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III 
framework on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the BCBS 
(Basel III Monitoring Exercise). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory developments  at 
BCBS level in the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking 
systems; (b) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the leverage ratio 
framework and disclosure requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) 
Tier 1 capital shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital amount 
that banks need to fulfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to EBA Decision concerning information required for the monitoring of Basel supervisory 
standards published on 18 February 2021 (EBA/DC/2021/373), the Basel III Monitoring Exercise, which 
is currently only being carried out on a small sample of credit institutions and on a voluntary basis, should 
be extended to a broader and stable set of credit institutions. In particular, in order to ensure consistency, 
accuracy and completeness of the data provided, G-SIIs and O-SIIs, as well as credit institutions whose 
Tier 1 capital equals or exceeds Euro 3 billion, or total assets equal or exceeding Euro 30 billion, should be 
included in the sample.

--- Page 118 ---
116 
 
Pursuant to EBA Decision, as of 31 December 2021, the Basel III Monitoring Exercise will become 
mandatory and will be carried out on an annual basis only. 
 
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for 
market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (ITS) introduced uniform reporting templates, the 
template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT solutions 
for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the Fundamental Review 
of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. Based 
on the ITS submitted by the EBA, the European Commission adopted the Implementing Regulation no. 
2021/453/EU of 15 March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. Revisions to the Basel III framework  
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as Basel IV). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including:  
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
 limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB approach 
and the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used.   
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution’s operational risk charge, which will be calculated 
only by using a new standardised approach;  
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and  
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution’s total risk weighted assets ( RWA) 
generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the standardised approach.  
According to the the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 
2022, with the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% 
as of 1 January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date 
for the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) to January 2022 to allow it to finalise the 
remaining elements of the framework and align the implementation date with the other Basel IV reforms.  
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector   
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV and the 
EU Banking Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which 
represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have the potential to impact the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group’s business and operations. These initiatives include, amongst others, a revised EU 
securitisation framework. On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402 (the Securitisation Regulation) which entered into force in January 2019, while a number of 
underlying regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the EBA and European Securities 
and Markets Authority are being adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes to the existing 
securitisation framework in relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due diligence 
requirements, the introduction of an adverse selection test for certain assets and a new framework for so-
called "simple transparent and standardised securitisations" which will receive preferential capital treatment 
subject to a number of conditions.   
On 9 November 2015 the Financial Stability Board (FSB) published its final Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity 
(TLAC) Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs maintain significant minimum amounts of 
liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to liabilities excluded from TLAC, such as 
guaranteed insured deposits, derivatives, etc. and which forms a new standard for G-SIBs. The TLAC 
Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of G-
SIBs in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in the form of an 
internationally agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum TLAC 
requirement for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) and 18% of RWA (as 
of 1 January 2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement (as of 1 January 2019), and

--- Page 119 ---
117 
 
6.75 % (as of 1 January 2022). Liabilities that are eligible for TLAC include capital instruments and 
instruments that are contractually, statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain "excluded liabilities" 
(including insured deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down or converted into equity by 
relevant authorities) in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of compensation claims or 
successful legal challenges.   
With a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking Reform 
Package and the BRRD2 (as defined below) introduces minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL) applicable to G-SIIs (global systematically important institutions) with the TLAC 
standard and to allow resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs 
comply with a supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of a given G-
SII. Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has been identified as a G-SIB in the 
2019 list of global systematically important banks published by the FSB on 11 November 2020.  
The BRRD2 includes important changes as it introduces a new category of banks, so called top-tier banks, 
being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total 
assets exceed EUR 100 billion. ISP is a top-tier bank for this purpose.At the same time, the BRRD2 
introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a Pillar 1 MREL requirement) 
which applies to G-SIIs and also top-tier banks. In addition, resolution authorities will be able, on the basis 
of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top-tier banks comply with a supplementary MREL 
requirement (a Pillar 2 MREL requirement). A subordination requirement is also generally required for 
MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD2, but exceptions apply.   
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the 
BRRD2 provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL 
requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, 
BRRD2 envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders of 
regulatory capital instruments, senior management of the bank and employees take effect due to a breach of 
the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 12 March 2018, the European Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the 
CB Directive Proposal) laying down the conditions that these bonds have to respect in order to be 
recognised under EU law and a proposal for amendments to art. 129 of the CRR, concerning the prudential 
treatment of covered bonds. The CB Directive Proposal together with amendments to article 129 of the CRR 
have been approved and published in the Official Journal On 18 december 2019. Member states have 18 
months to implement the directive. The CB Directive is subject to transposition in Italy by means of the Law 
No. 53/2021 of 22 April 2021. The CB Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means 
of Legislative Decree 5 November 2021, n. 190 which modified Law 30 April 1999, n.130 and entered into 
force on December 1st  2021. 
 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the SSM Regulation) for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism or SSM). The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, with direct supervisory 
responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. "Banks of significant 
importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 
billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the 
national gross domestic product exceeds  20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions 
established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European 
Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be 
of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member 
State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised 
entity and a significant supervised group pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014

--- Page 120 ---
118 
 
of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 (the SSM Framework Regulation) and, as such, are subject 
to direct prudential supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo and its 
subsidiaries, for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money 
laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is exclusively 
responsible for the prudential supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which includes, inter alia, the power to: 
(i) authorise and withdraw authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; (iii) ensure 
compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where 
necessary, higher prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU 
law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy 
assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in 
coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise options and discretions under 
the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group.  
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the BRRD) entered into force. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and 
financial system. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone (except for 
the asset separation tool) or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution 
action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of 
the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity 
created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow 
them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this 
can be used together with another resolution tool only) and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities 
the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer 
ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of 
ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the general 
bail-in tool). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any exercise of such 
powers by a resolution authority under the BRRD.  
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership at the point of non-viability 
and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss absorption). Any shares or other 
instruments of ownership issued upon any such conversion into shares or other instruments of ownership 
may also be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool.The point of non-viability under the BRRD 
is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution 
(but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or its group will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant capital instruments are written-down/converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided.  
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments issued by an 
institution under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on which 
the interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the 
termination rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after having 
assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. Resolution authorities may provide public equity support to an institution and/or take the 
institution into public ownership. Such measures must be taken in accordance with the EU state aid

--- Page 121 ---
119 
 
framework and will require a contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and creditors via write-down, 
conversion or otherwise, in an amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to 
be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly 
issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders contribute 
to the costs of restructuring. 
The BRRD requires all EU Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund (reaching a level 
of at least 1 % of covered deposits by 2024). The national resolution fund for Italy was created by the Bank 
of Italy on 18 November 2015 in accordance with Article 78 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 
implementing the BRRD (the National Resolution Fund) and required both ordinary and extraordinary 
contributions to be made by Italian banks and investment firms, including the Issuer. In the Eurozone, the 
national resolution funds set up under the BRRD were complemented by the Single Resolution Fund in the 
relevant Member State (the SRF or the Fund), set up under the control of the SRB, as of 1 January 2016 and 
the national resolution funds are being pooled together gradually. The SRF is intended to ensure the 
availability of funding support while a bank is resolved and will contribute to resolution if, and only after, at 
least 8 % of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank have been subject to bail-in. The SRF is 
expected to reach a target of around €70 billion (the basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in the 
financial institutions of the Eurozone). Once this target level is reached, in principle, institutions will have to 
contribute only if the resources of the SRF are used up in order to deal with resolution action taken by the 
relevant authorities. The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative 
Decrees by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the 
BRRD Decrees), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 
November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the provisions of 
BRRD relating to resolution actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking 
Law (Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended) and deals principally with recovery 
plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Decrees entered into force on 16 
November 2015, save that: (i) the bail-in tool applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a "depositor preference" 
granted for deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of 
individuals and SME's applied from 1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution authorities 
may not exercise the bail-in powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related 
hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a 
secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of 
the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates that 
pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally.  
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 
44(2)(g) of the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to 
employees benefit from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured 
creditors in the context of liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States 
modify their national insolvency regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium 
sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant 
to the BRRD have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which 
applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent 
Member States, including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of 
creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative 
Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and 
investment firms to resolution as well as compulsory liquidation procedures by providing that, as from 1 
January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of 
individuals and SMEs will benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a 
ranking which is lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the 
deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council and the European 
Commission agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the was

--- Page 122 ---
120 
 
amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and publish relevant laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the amendment to the creditor hierarchy 
by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new class of so called "senior non-preferred debt" has been 
implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has been implemented with the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis 
of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights 
of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the 
absence of an express agreement to the contrary.  
The BRRD also established that institutions shall meet, at all times, their MREL requirement. Under Article 
45 of the BRRD, MREL is to be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a 
percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework  
The EU Banking Reform Package included Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD2). BRRD2 provides that Member States are required to 
ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the 
implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full 
compliance with MREL requirements. is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear 
build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022.The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other things:  
(a) full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for 
MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal 
MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions;  
(b) introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not 
G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion; 
(c) the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and  
(d) amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in.  
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD2 will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (Decree No. 193), implementing the 
BRRD2 into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 (Decree 
no. 180) and the Banking Law.  
 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory framework 
regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determinated, to the provisions set forth in 
BRRD2.  
 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined by 
the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:  
 
(a) the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate 
to meet the resolution’s objectives; 
 
(b) the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in 
tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, looses could be 
absorbed and that it is possibile to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio

--- Page 123 ---
121 
 
to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, 
according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the 
possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in 
full to a recipient under a partial transfer;  
 
(c) the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
 
(d) the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, 
due to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the 
financial system. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the Regulation establishing the Single Resolution 
Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the 
SRM Regulation) entered into force. The SRM Regulation became operational on 1 January 2016. There 
are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and 
provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2015. The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the EU Banking Reform 
Package in June 2019. The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined above), applies to all 
banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 May 2019 (SRM II 
Regulation) amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit 
institutions and investments firms.  
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, there 
will be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being 
supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD2 described above, 
revisions to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to change in due course. 
 
In such context, it is worth to mention the process to review started by the European Commission in 
November 2020 the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance (CMDI) framework. Following this revision, 
new and different legal and regulatory requirements may apply to the Group, in particular the intention of the 
European legislator is to amend the BRRD, the SRMR and the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive 
(DGSG). 
 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce the amount of non-performing 
exposures in bank’s balance sheets within adequate levels, are worth mentioning the followings: 
 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to the 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL guidance 
contains recommendations and lays out the bank’s approach, processes and objectives regarding the 
effective management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all non-performing exposures (NPEs), as 
well as foreclosed assets, and also touches on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning non -
performing, such as “watch-list” exposures and performing forborne exposures. According to the guidance, 
the banks need to establish a strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self assessment of 
the internal capabilities to effectively manage; the external conditions and operating environment; and the 
impaired portfolios specifications. 
 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to nonperforming exposures 
(NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the ECB Addendum). In addition, the ECB's bank-specific supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 2018), was set out in its 2018

--- Page 124 ---
122 
 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from 
these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future SREP exercises. 
 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of 
new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the adoption of 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) as regards minimum loss 
coverage for non-performing exposures published in the Official Journal of the EU on 25 April 2019, also 
known as the “Pillar 1 backstop Regulation”, which introduces Pillar 1 provisioning  requirements, 
following principles similar to those already guiding the finalisation of the ECB Addendum. 
 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the 
European Commission’s requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). Therefore, the above mentioned 
guidelines result in three “buckets” of NPEs based on the date of the exposure’s origination and the date of 
NPE’s classification: 
 
 
Loans classified as NPEs before 31 March 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in paths as 
communicated in SREP letters; 
 
 
Loans originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows) and classified as NPEs after 31 
March 2018: 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable 
property/secured by immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured by 
an official export credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% 
is applicable to export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status; 
 
 
Loans originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows) and classified as NPEs: 3/7/9 
years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by 
immovable property, progressive path to 100%.  NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official export 
credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% is applicable to 
export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status.  
 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published by 
the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four policy 
actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the development of 
secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. An updated Action Plan was 
published in December 2020 
 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 31 
October 2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks in 
place to manage effectively their non-performing exposures (NPEs) and to substantially reduce the 
presence of NPEs on the balance sheets. Only for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5%, the 
EBA asked to introduce specific strategies, in order to achieve a reduction of NPEs, and governance and 
operational requirements to support them. 
 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 17 
December 2018: in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced disclosure requirements 
and uniform disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' public disclosure of information regarding 
nonperforming exposures, forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-
performing exposures for loans originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction from own funds 
where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The Regulation’s purpose is 
to encourage a timely and proactive management of the NPEs. Loans are divided in vintage buckets of 
3/7/9 years and a progressive coverage path is applied for each bucket. A 100% coverage is applicable to:

--- Page 125 ---
123 
 
(i) unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures secured by 
immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as defined in 
CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured exposures, from the seventh year 
after the classification as NPE. 
 
Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral 
(COM/2018/0135): the proposal is aimed to achieve (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing the 
efficiency of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated 
extragjudicial collateral enforcement procedure (AECE); (ii) the development of secondary markets for 
NPLs in the EU’s markets by harmonising the regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit 
purchasers.The European Commision finalised and published on 8 December 2021, in the Official Journal 
of the European Union, the Directive No. 2021/2167 on credit services and credit purchasers (the NPLs 
Directive). The NPLs Directive entered into force on the twentieth day following that of its  publication in 
the Official Journal (i.e. 28 December 2021) and is expected to be implemented by the Member States by 
29 December 2023. 
 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by EBA on 23 
October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 
(Securitisation Regulation) to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints 
imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of 
NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the European Commission, the EBA outlined the fact that the 
securitisations can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and 
larger rate than otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations’ 
structure in tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse 
investor pool with a different Risk Appetite.  
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of non-
performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE securitisations by assigning different risk 
weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the European Parliament at the end of March, on 6 April 
2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/557 which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation and 
Regulation (EU) 2021/558 amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the securitisation 
framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis were published on the 
Official Journal of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 2021. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling NPLs. In 
order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks' balance sheets as a result of the Covid-19 Pandemic, 
the European Commission proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop secondary 
markets for distressed assets (in particular by finalising the Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers 
and the recovery of collateral; establishing a data hub at European level and reviewing the EBA templates to 
be used during the disposal of NPLs); (ii) reform the EU's corporate insolvency and debt recovery 
legislation; (iii) support the establishment and cooperation of national asset management companies at EU 
level; (iv) introduce precautionary public support measures, where needed, to ensure the continued f unding 
of the real economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and State aid frameworks. 
To further improve the transparency and efficiency of secondary market for NPLs, on 16 June 2021 the 
European Commission released a public consultation aimed at identifying and gathering information on 
remaining obstacles to the proper functioning of secondary markets for NPLs as well as possible enabling 
actions that could be taken to foster these markets by improving the quantity, quality and comparability of 
NPL data. The public consultation ended on 8 September 2021. 
 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial 
market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian Banking 
Association (ABI) and the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was 
extended to loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and 
medium-sized companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment

--- Page 126 ---
124 
 
instalments may be requested to be suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The 
suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the 
issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the 
suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an 
agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to credit to 
households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and unsecured 
loans repayable in instalments. 
 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial  
markets, issued four recommendations in the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market 
disclosure, (3) financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
 
1. 
Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be ready 
to apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory obligations. 
 
2. 
Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in 
accordance with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), as 
a disclosure obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which issuers 
are required to disclose to the public without delay any inside information directly concerning them. 
 
3. 
Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and 
potential impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative 
assessment on their business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 
year-end financial report if these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial 
reporting disclosures. 
 
4. 
Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements on 
risk management and to react accordingly.  
 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set of 
monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in the 
banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer-term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, 
protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration of targeted 
longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing tightening of  financing conditions 
for the economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP). 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms during 
the period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that time. 
Throughout this period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 25 basis points below the 
average rate applied in the Eurosystem’s main refinancing operations. 
 
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of  
€120 billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase 
programmes On 18 March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the Euro 750 Billion Pandemic 
Emergency Purchase Program (PEPP), increased with a further Euro 600 billion on 4 June 2020. 
 
 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM), 
published the first supervisory response to provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. 
According to the ECB statements: i) banks are allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital 
defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the liquidity coverage 
ratio (LCR) to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages also 
national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB); iii) banks are 
allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to 
meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier 2 instruments; iv) 
banks will discuss with the ECB further individual measures, such as modified timetables, processes and 
deadlines (e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); v) flexibility will be granted for the application

--- Page 127 ---
125 
 
of the ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans to adjust to bank’s specific situation due to 
COVID-19. 
 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological emergency 
due to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) was adopted. The 
Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the 
Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen 
the intervention of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA 
relating to losses that can be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the amount of the ACE (“Aiuto 
alla Crescita Economica”) notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per cent of the 
impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 12 
March 2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised 
banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the Covid-19 economic 
shock to the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ on the measures adopted with the 
aim of updating it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommends to: 
 
 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by 
extending to them the preferential treatment foreseen in its Guidance for NPLs for loans guaranteed or 
insured; 
 
 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
 
 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting issues 
due to the Covid-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and Governments to 
address the situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the definition of default 
(DoD) and forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
 
The EBA statement of 25 March explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation to the 
exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in 
accordance with IFRS 9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the 
prudential framework concerning: 
 
i. 
 the classification of exposures in default; 
 
ii. 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
 
iii. 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures 
 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, 
clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne 
exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case of 
adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments. 
 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related 
disclosure requirements, in particular, as regards, the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for 
credit agreements (e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) 
under the principles set forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing 
the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers (the 
Public Statement). The Public Statement provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by 
ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance of providing relevant and reliable information, which may

--- Page 128 ---
126 
 
require issuers to make use of the time allowed by national law to publish half-yearly financial reports 
while not unduly delaying the timing of publication; ii) the importance of updating the information 
included in the latest annual accounts to adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in 
particular in relation to significant uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-financial 
assets and presentation in the statement of profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information on 
the past and expected future impact of COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, 
performance of issuers as well as any mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the pandemic. 
The Public Statement was conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other interim periods 
when IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, administrative and 
supervisory bodies, including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, their auditors, to take due 
consideration of the recommendations included within the statement. 
 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and 
Heads of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of 
banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of 
the Covid - 19 on the global banking system. 
 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of 
the outstanding Basel III standards: 
 
 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred by 
one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor has 
also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
 
 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
 
 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant banks 
to refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for the 
duration of the economic shock related to COVID-19. ECB has decided to extend the recommendation on 
dividends until 1 January 2021 with the new recommendation ECB/2020/35 that repeals the previous 
Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of March 27 2020. 
 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and 
share buy-backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or 
conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. Given the persisting 
uncertainty over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expects dividends and share 
buy-backs to remain below 15 per cent. of the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not higher than 20 basis 
points of the CET1 ratio. Banks that intend to pay dividends or buy back shares need to be profitable and 
have robust capital trajectories. They are expected to contact their Joint Supervisory Team to discuss 
whether the level of intended distribution is prudent. The recommendation remained valid until the end of 
September 2021. On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to extend dividend recommendation beyond 
September 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2021/31. In particular, the ECB considered that the 
reduced economic uncertainty allows the thorough supervisory assessment of the prudence bank’s plans to 
distribute dividends and conduct share buybacks on an individual basis with a careful forward-looking 
assessment of capital plans in the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 1 April 2020, the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the 
Expected Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done 
before, for applying the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the 
First Time Application (FTA) capital impact of the new accounting principle. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by legislative 
and non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged that Member 
States have implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the medium- and long-
term economic impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of this, the EBA

--- Page 129 ---
127 
 
Guidelines clarify several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do not automatically trigger the 
classification as forborne or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable 
national law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant 
credit institutions. In June 2020, the EBA further extended the application date of its Guidelines by three 
months, from until 30 September 2020, and on the 21 September, communicated its phasing-out. However, 
on 2 December 2020 the Guidelines were reactivated until 31 March 2021.  
 
On 29 January 2021, the EBA published the "Report on the implementation of selected COVID-19 
policies", which contains a series of clarifications in the form of questions and answers (Q&A) on the 
interpretation of the EBA Guidelines, in particular with regard to the overall duration of the deferred 
payment to fall within the scope of the EBA Guidelines on moratoriums. However, the clarifications did 
not concern the hypothesis in which the moratorium pursuant to law, even if granted before 31 September, 
was extended for more than 9 months due to a subsequent law. 
 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity Decree) was 
issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in 
addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules 
for  accessing,by including also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well as 
increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree 
(provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further 
exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 
December 2020. The Government is going to extend such measures until 31 December 2021 (the 
prorogation will be provided by the Law Decree of the end of April 2021). 
 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to 
ease banking activity during the Covid-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and 
businesses.. 
 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of 
Covid-19 related developments, which imply: 
 
 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in the 
markets and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held in the 
portfolio available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
 
 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate measures 
to avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the period January 
2020 and December 2021); 
  
 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the calendar 
provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar provisioning applied 
to credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
  
 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME Supporting 
Factor; ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved weighting calibration 
for loans guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential treatment of 
software; 
  
 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks' capital 
(IFRS9 phase-in arrangements); 
 
 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks (“G-SIB buffer”); 
 
 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio;

--- Page 130 ---
128 
 
 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another EU 
Member State. 
 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the "CRR 
Quick-Fix" has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force the 
following day (27 June 2020). 
 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") was published 
in the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and economic support, 
as well as social policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-19. 
 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 
December 2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk. 
Particular reference is made to two public tools: "Patrimonio PMI" fund, which is aimed at subscribing new 
bonds issued by SME corporates with Euro 10 million turnover, which have been impacted by COVID-19 a 
turnover reduction of 33 per cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to other investors <20 
per cent. of the investment> in such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated which have suffered 
losses <50 per cent. of the losses which exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, but in the limit of the 30 per 
cent. of the capital increase>); and the so called "Patrimonio rilancio" (Dedicated assets within CDP) which 
is aimed at subscribing new bonds (mainly convertible bonds) and shares in order to support real economy. 
 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree "August" (Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 104, 
converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent measures in support of health, work 
and economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law regard the 
extension of the moratorium for SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) and, for tourist 
sector, until 31 March 2021. Such prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly waived by the 
beneficiary company. They also provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Law Decree Cura 
Italia No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs into tax credits (application to special regimes, such as consolidated 
and transparency). The decree above mentioned also widens the scope of the public guarantee, too, extending 
the FCG guarantee scope to companies which already got a prorogation of the guarantee due to temporary 
difficulties of the beneficiary and including financial intermediation and holding financial assets activities in 
the 30k guaranteed loans. It also extends SACE guarantee scope also to companies admitted to the 
arrangement procedure with business continuity (or certified plans and restructuring agreements) if their 
exposures are not classifiable as non performing exposures (at the date of submission of the application), 
they don't present amounts in arrears and the lender can reasonably assume the full repayment of the 
exposure at maturity. 
 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the "Relieves" Law Decree (Law Decree 
28 October 2020, No. 137) and the "Relieves 2" Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, No. 149) 
which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production 
sectors, justice and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by the Law are a non-
refundable aid for enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the prorogation of "rental" Tax credit to 
October-December period and extension to enterprises with turnover exceeding Euro 5 million and which 
have had a 50 per cent. reduction of turnover. In March 2021, the Council of Ministers approved the 
"Support" Law Decree (Law Decree 22 March 2021, No. 41) which provides further urgent measure 
regarding health protection, support to workers and production sectors linked to COVID-19 pandemic. Such 
decree introduces a new non-refundable aid for enterprises and professionals which have had a 30 per cent. 
reduction of turnover. 
 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital 
Markets Recovery Package proposal (so-called "quick fix") published by the European Commission in July, 
which proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as well as the Securitization 
Regulation. The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to face the crisis emerging 
from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As to MiFID2, the proposal includes targeted amendments on: i) investor protection, ii) commodity 
derivatives and iii) research regime for SMEs.

--- Page 131 ---
129 
 
As to Prospectus Regulation, the amendments introduced in particular a new type of short-form prospectus to 
facilitate the raising of capital in public markets. 
As to Securitization Regulation, in addition to a review of the regulatory constraints to the securitisation of 
NPEs, the amendments in particular also extends the preferential treatment to all synthetic on-balance sheet 
securitisation that fulfil the simple, standardised and transparent (STS) criteria in order to help banks free up 
capital and promote the financing of the real economy, in particular to SMEs. 
 
Amendments to the Prospectus Regulations – approved by the European Parliament on 26 February 2020 
and included in Regulation (EU) 2021/337 – entered into force on 18 March 2021. 
 
The MiFID amendments, voted on 26 February as well, as being part of a Directive and included in 
Regulation (EU) 2021/338, had to be transposed into national laws by 28 November 2021 and are to be 
applied from 28 February 2022. 
 
Finally, following the vote by the European Parliament at the end of March 2021, on 6 April 2021, 
Regulation (EU) 2021/557, which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation, and Regulation 
(EU) 2021/558, amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the securitisation framework 
to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis, were published on the Official Gazette 
of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 2021. 
 
Covered Bond Legislative Package  
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending the CRR have 
been published in the Official Journal of the European Union. They will apply from 8 July 2022. 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public 
supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 provides for a number of more complex structural requirements, such as the dual recourse and the 
bankruptcy remoteness tools. The Directive at hand also establishes specific requirements for a liquidity 
reserve and introduces the possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled covered bond structures in order 
to facilitate the issuance of covered bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, the Directive provides the 
authorities of the Member States with the task of monitoring compliance of covered bond issuances with the 
abovementioned requirements and regulates the conditions for obtaining the authorisation to carry out the 
activity of issuance of covered bonds in the context of a covered bond programme. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing for 
additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. In particular, 
the Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit institutions rated in credit quality step 2 up to a 
maximum of 10% of the total exposure of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing 
institution, without the need to consult the EBA. The Regulation also requires a minimum level of 
overcollateralization in order to mitigate the most relevant risks arising in the case of the issuer’s insolvency 
or resolution. 
Moreover, several additional changes to the LCR Delegated Regulation are proposed in order to align the 
LCR Delegated Regulation with Article 129 of the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160. The 
consultation remained opened until 24 November 2020. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegated Law 2019 has entered into force. It delegates the Italian 
Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162. According to the European Delegated 
Law 2019: 
 
 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
 
 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity

--- Page 132 ---
130 
 
structures; and 
 
 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to 
set for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out 
under Article 1 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in 
the cover pool). 
The CB Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of Legislative Decree 5 
November 2021, n. 190 which modified Law 30 April 1999, n.130 and entered into force on December 1 s t 
2021.  
On 30 November 2021 the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the Decree 190/2021) 
implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 was published in the Official Gazette No. 285 of 30 November 
2021 and entered into force on 1 December 2021. In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national 
legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) the possibility 
not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity 
requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance 
of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the 
liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference 
the final maturity date for the payment of principal. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations by 8 
July 2022. In these regulations, the Bank of Italy will also have to assess whether to exercise the option 
provided for in the Directive that allows Member States to lower the threshold of the minimum level of 
overcollateralization. 
The national legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) the 
possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the 
liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the 
issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation 
of the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a 
reference the final maturity date for the payment of principal. Moreover, the draft Legislative Decree 
designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of the covered bonds, 
which is entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations by 8 July 2022. In these regulations, the 
Bank of Italy will also have to assess whether to exercise the option provided for in the Directive that allows 
Member States to lower the threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralisation.

--- Page 133 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLERS 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
See “Description of the Issuer” section.

--- Page 134 ---
132 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BOND GUARANTOR 
ISP OBG S.r.l. has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
Covered Bonds. 
ISP OBG S.r.l. was incorporated in the Republic of Italy as a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) pursuant to Article 7-bis of Law 130, with fiscal code and registration number with 
the Milan Register of Enterprises No. 05936010965. The Guarantor was initially incorporated under the 
name "ISP Sec. 4 S.r.l." and changed its name into "ISP OBG S.r.l." by the resolution of the meeting of the 
Guarantor Quotaholders held on 16 March 2012.  
ISP OBG S.r.l. belongs to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and is subject to the direction and coordination 
(direzione e coordinamento), pursuant to Article 2497-bis of the Italian Civil Code, of Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A.. Intesa Sanpaolo, with the 60 per cent. of the quota capital controls ISP OBG S.r.l., which belongs to 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
ISP OBG S.r.l. was incorporated on 14 November 2007 and its duration shall be until 31 December 2100. 
ISP OBG S.r.l. has its registered office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan, Italy and the telephone number 
of the registered office is +39 02 87962973 and the fax number is +39 02 87963382. 
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of the Issuer is Euro 42,038.00. 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Covered Bond Guarantor is 8156009ACF8C1AB71973. 
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of ISP OBG S.r.l. is to purchase from banks, against payment, assets which are 
eligible for the purpose of Article 7-bis of Law 130 and the relevant implementing regulations, and in 
compliance with the provisions thereof, by means of subordinated loans granted or guaranteed also by the 
selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered bonds issued by such banks or other entities. 
ISP OBG S.r.l. has granted the Covered Bond Guarantee to the benefit of the Covered Bondholders, of the 
counterparts of derivatives contracts entered into with the purpose to cover the risks inherent the purchased 
credits and securities and of the counterparts of other ancillary contracts, as well as to the benefit of the 
payment of the other costs of the transaction, with priority in respect of the reimbursement of the other loans, 
pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article 7-bis of Law 130. 
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, ISP OBG S.r.l. can carry out the ancillary 
transactions to be stipulated in view of the performance of the guarantee and the successful conclusion of the 
issue of covered bonds in which it participates or, however, auxiliary to the aim of its purpose, as well as the 
re-investment in other financial activities of the assets deriving from the management of the credits and the 
securities purchased, but not immediately invested for the satisfaction of the Covered Bondholders’ rights. 
Since the date of its incorporation, ISP OBG S.r.l. has not engaged in any business other than the purchase of 
the Portfolio and the entering into of the Transaction Documents and other ancillary documents. 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, ISP OBG S.r.l. shall not, without the consent of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed monies or engage 
in any business (other than acquiring and holding the assets backing the Covered Bond Guarantee, assuming 
the Subordinated Loan, issuing the Covered Bond Guarantee and entering into the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party), pay any dividends, repay or otherwise return any equity capital, have any subsidiaries, 
employees or premises, consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its property or 
assets to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in the Conditions or the Intercreditor Agreement) or 
guarantee any additional quota. 
ISP OBG S.r.l. will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
 
The directors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are:

--- Page 135 ---
133 
 
Director 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Paola Fandella  
Chairman 
 Professor 
of 
banking, 
finance and 
securities markets; Università Cattolica 
del Sacro Cuore, Milan; 
 Director of the Master in management of 
museum and cultural activities; Università 
Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, Milan. 
Vanessa Gemmo 
Director 
 Professor of Organization Science and 
Information Systems at IULM University, 
Department of Business, Law, Economics 
and Consumer Behaviour, Milan. 
Mario Masini 
Director 
• Emeritus Professor, Financial Markets 
and Institutions, Università degli Studi di 
Bergamo 
• Director of Mediolanum Gestione Fondi 
Sgr Spa 
 Director of ILME S.p.A. 
 Director of IMAC S.p.A. 
 Member of Supervisory Board (ODV) in 
E.ON Italia S.p.A. 
 Member of Supervisory Board (ODV) in 
RWE Renewables Italia S.r.l.

--- Page 136 ---
134 
 
The statutory auditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are:  
 
Statutory Auditor 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Giuseppe Dalla Costa - 
Chairman 
• Chartered accountant and auditor; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Fidicomet; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Ebilforma; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Promo.Ter 
Unione – Ente per la Promozione E 
Sviluppo del Commercio, 
 
Eugenio Mario Braja 
Statutory auditor (regular) 
• Chartered accountant and auditor; 
• Professor of "Business Administration" 
and 
"Business 
combinations" 
at 
Università del Piemonte Orientale; 
• Chairman of the Statutory Auditors Iveco 
Orecchia S.p.A; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) Equiter S.p.A.; 
• Statutory 
auditor 
(regular) 
Wabco 
automotive italia S.r.l.; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) Cerrato S.r.l.; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) Ledal S.p.A.; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Santander 
Private Banking S.p.A. in liquidazione 
Claudia Motta 
Statutory auditor (regular) 
Chartered accountant and auditor; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Grafiche 
Seven S.p.A; 
Statutory auditor (regular) in Pietra S.r.l.; 
Managing Director of Servizi a Supporto 
S.r.l.; 
Liquidator 
in 
TESER 
S.r.l. 
(into 
liquidation). 
Carlo Maria Bertola 
Statutory auditor (alternate) 
 Chairman of Statutory auditors in ATAM 
S.p.A.; 
 Chairman of the Statutory auditors in 
Massimo Moratti S.a.p.A.; 
 Chairman of the Statutory auditors in 
Nibaspa S.r.l.; 
 Statutory 
auditor 
(regular) 
in 
AtlanetS.p.A.; 
 Statutory auditor (regular) in Mercurio 
S.p.A.; 
 Statutory auditor (regular) in Luisa 
Spagnoli S.p.A.; 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors in 
Metodo S.r.l.

--- Page 137 ---
135 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
 Chairman 
of 
Supervisory Board in 
Associazione Cascina Verde Onlus; 
  Statutory auditor (regular) in Spa.Im 
S.r.l.; 
 Statutory auditor (regular) in Spa.Pi 
S.p.A.; 
 Elena Fornara 
 Statutory auditor (alternate) 
 
 Chartered accountant and auditor; 
 Adjunt Professor School of Economics C. 
Cattaneo University – LIUC, Castellanza 
(Varese); 
 Statutory auditor (regular) in Grupppo 
Lactalis Italia S.r.l.; 
 Statutory auditor (regular) in Lactalis 
Italia S.p.A.; 
 Statutory auditor (single) Italatte S.r.l.; 
 Statutory auditor (single) BPA Italia S.r.l.; 
 Statutory 
auditor 
(single) 
Fineurop 
Partecipazioni S.r.l. (into liquidation); 
 Statutory auditor (single) PromoSprint 
Holding S.r.l. (into liquidation); 
 Statutory auditor (regular) in Adriano 
Lease Sec S.r.l.; 
 Statutory auditor (regular) in Brera Sec 
S.r.l.;  
 Statutory auditor (regular) Clara SEC 
S.r.l.; 
 Statutory auditor (regular) in Raimondi 
Cranes S.p.A. 
 Statutory auditor (regular) in Skinlabo 
S.r.l.; 
 Member of the Supervisory Board (ODV) 
Interpump Hydraulics S.p.A. 
 Member of the Supervisory Board (ODV) 
Stoccaggi Gas Italia S.p.A. 
 Member of the Supervisory Board (ODV) 
GNL Italia S.p.A. 
 
 
All the statutory auditors are registered with the Register of the Statutory Auditors (Albo dei Revisori Legali 
dei Conti). 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors is ISP 
OBG S.r.l., Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan.

--- Page 138 ---
136 
 
Conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private interest or 
other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The Quotaholders are as follows: 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
60 per cent. of the quota capital; 
Stichting Viridis 2 
40 per cent. of the quota capital. 
Intesa Sanpaolo, with the 60 per cent. of the quota capital controls the Covered Bond Guarantor, which 
belongs to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. In order to avoid any abuse, certain mitigants have been inserted in 
the Quotaholders’ Agreement, as better described below. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains, inter alia, a call option in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo to purchase 
from Stichting Viridis 2, and a put option in favour of Stichting Viridis 2 to sell to Intesa Sanpaolo, the quota  
of the Covered Bond Guarantor held by Stichting Viridis 2 and provisions in relation to the management of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from the day on which all the Covered 
Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled. 
In addition, the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
approve the payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
prior to the date on which all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to 
the Other Creditors have been paid in full. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position, and Profits and Losses 
The financial information of the Covered Bond Guarantor derives from the statutory financial statements of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and 
the statutory interim financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor for the half-year period ended on 
30 June 2021. Such financial statements are prepared in accordance with IAS/IFRS Accounting Standards 
principles. Such financial statements, together with their respective auditors’ reports and the relevant 
accompanying notes, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see the section headed 
"Documents incorporated by reference"). 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of the Covered Bond Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 
Quota capital Issued and authorised 
Intesa Sanpaolo has a quota of Euro 25,222.80 and Stichting Viridis 2 has a quota of Euro 16,815.20, each 
fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness 
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this document, the Covered Bond Guarantor has no 
borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but 
unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees 
or other contingent liabilities. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are EY S.p.A. for the period 2021 – 2023. EY S.p.A. is an 
independent public accounting firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors 
(Registro Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. EY S.p.A. is also a 
member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors 
Association. The business address of EY S.p.A. is Via Lombardia, 31 – 00187 Rome, Italy.

--- Page 139 ---
137 
 
Copies of the financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor for each financial year could be inspected 
and obtained free of charge during usual business hours at the specified offices of the Administrative 
Services Provider and the Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
Documents on Display 
For the life of the Base Prospectus the following documents may be inspected at the specified offices of the 
Administrative Services Provider and the Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
(a) 
the memorandum and articles of association of the Covered Bond Guarantor (which are also 
available 
on 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/it/investor-relations/prospetti/emissioni-
internazionali/obbligazioni-bancarie/programma-obg-mutui-ipotecari-multi/programma-obg-mutui-
ipotecari-multi and https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-
issue-documents/covered-bonds/programma-obg-mutui-ipotecari--multi-originator-/obg-mortgage-
multi); 
(b) 
Covered Bond Guarantor audited annual financial statements in respect of (i) the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2019, and (ii) the financial year ended on 31 December 2020; and the 
auditors’ report for the Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to (i) the financial year ended on 31 
December 2019, and (ii) the financial year ended on 31 December 2020; 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantor unaudited interim condensed financial statements in respect of the half-
year 2021 and the auditors’ limited review report for the Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to the 
interim condensed financial statements in respect of the half-year 2021; 
(d) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Covered Bond Guarantor’s request any part of which is included or 
referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 140 ---
138 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
The BoI OBG Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to carry 
out specific controls on the regularity of the transaction, the integrity of the Covered Bond Guarantee and, 
following the latest amendments to the BoI OBG Regulations introduced by way of the new Third Part, 
Chapter 3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, the 
information provided to investors. 
Pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled with the 
Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree 
no. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the related regulations issued by the Ministry for Economy and Finance and 
shall not be the audit firm of the Issuer or of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed to the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer. 
Further to the relevant appointment dated 25 June 2012, the Asset Monitor is Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., a 
joint stock company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy (an affiliate of Deloitte Central 
Mediterranean S.r.l., the affiliate for the territories of Italy, Greece and Malta of Deloitte NSE LLP, a 
member firm of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited), having its registered office at Via Tortona 25, 20144 
Milan, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Milan No. 03049560166, and enrolled under 
No. 132587 with the register of accounting firms held by Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze pursuant 
to article 2 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and related regulations issued by 
Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on or about the Programme Date between the Issuer and the 
Asset Monitor, the Issuer has appointed the Asset Monitor in order to perform, subject to receipt of the 
relevant information from the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning, inter alia, (i) the compliance 
with the eligibility criteria set out under MEF Decree with respect to the Eligible Assets and Integration 
Assets included in the Portfolios; (ii) the compliance with the limits on the transfer of Eligible Assets and 
Integration Assets set out under MEF Decree; and (iii) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection 
provided by any swap agreement entered into in the context of the Programme. 
The engagement letter has been amended on 19 February 2015 and on 13 July 2020 in order (i) to reflect 
latest amendments made to the BoI OBG Regulations and to be in line with the provisions contained therein 
in relation to the reports to be prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor to the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer and (ii) in order to specify in details the carrying out of certain procedures. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to 
the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, on the Programme Date, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, as more fully described under "Description of the Transaction Documents — Asset Monitor 
Agreement".

--- Page 141 ---
139 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
The Portfolio consists of the Initial Portfolios, originated by the Sellers and transferred to the Guarantor 
according to the Master Transfer Agreement, which, in turn, consists of receivables arising from residential 
or commercial mortgage loans. Each Mortgage Loan in the Portfolio has been selected in accordance with 
the General Criteria described in the Prospectus and the Specific Criteria provided under the Master Transfer 
Agreement. The Portfolio will include any Further Portfolio comprising Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets assigned from time to time to the Covered Bond Guarantor by the Sellers (or any Additional Seller) in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement. The Initial Portfolios and any Further 
Portfolio, respectively, comply and will comply with the requirements of article 7 bis of the Law 130. 
Under the Master Transfer Agreement, the Sellers and the Covered Bond Guarantor have agreed that the 
following criteria shall be applied on the relevant Selection Date in selecting the assets that will be 
transferred to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the provisions thereof. 
Criteria applicable to the Eligible Assets constituted by Receivables 
Each of the Receivables included in the Initial Portfolios and any Further Portfolio shall comply, as of the 
relevant Selection Date, with the following criteria (the General Criteria):  
(a) 
in case of Receivables arising from residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali): 
(i) 
receivables in respect of which the relevant amount outstanding, added to the amount 
outstanding of any preceding mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 
80 per cent. of the value of the property; 
(ii) 
receivables in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) applicable 
to the relevant mortgage has elapsed and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being 
challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the Insolvency Law or, if applicable, Article 39, fourth 
paragraph of the Banking Law; 
(iii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are governed by Italian law; 
(iv) 
receivables which are not qualified as “in sofferenza”, in accordance with the meaning 
ascribed to such term under the BoI Regulations; 
(v) 
receivables arising from loans guaranteed by a mortgage established on properties located in 
Italy;  
(vi) 
receivables arising from loans that, at the date of execution of the loan agreements, were 
denominated in Lire and/or Euro;  
(vii) 
receivables arising from loans that are not linked to foreign currencies; 
(viii) 
receivables arising from loans that have not been granted by using third parties' funds; 
(ix) 
receivables arising from loans that have not been granted through the issue of “cartelle 
fondiarie”;  
(x) 
receivables in relation to which the debtors are consumer or producer households ( famiglie 
produttrici o consumatrici) (also acting in the form of informal partnership (società semplice 
and società di fatto) or individual concerns (impresa individuale)); 
(xi) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are fully disbursed; 
(xii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which do not provide for any subsidy or other 
benefit in relation to principal or interest (mutui agevolati); 
or 
(b) 
in case of Receivables arising from commercial mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari commerciali): 
(i) 
receivables in respect of which the relevant amount outstanding, added to the amount 
outstanding of any preceding mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 
60 per cent. of the value of the property; 
(ii) 
receivables in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) applicable 
to the relevant mortgage has elapsed and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being

--- Page 142 ---
140 
 
challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the Insolvency Law and, if applicable, of Article 39, 
fourth paragraph of the Banking Law; 
(iii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are governed by Italian law; 
(iv) 
receivables which are not qualified as “in sofferenza”, in accordance with the meaning 
ascribed to such term under the BoI Regulations; 
(v) 
receivables arising from loans guaranteed by a mortgage established on properties located in 
Italy;  
(vi) 
receivables arising from loans that, at the date of execution of the loan agreements, were 
denominated in Lire and/or Euro;  
(vii) 
receivables arising from loans that are not linked to foreign currencies; 
(viii) 
receivables arising from loans that have not been granted by using third parties' funds; 
(ix) 
receivables arising from loans that have not been granted through the issue of “cartelle 
fondiarie”;  
(x) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which are fully disbursed; 
(xi) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans which do not provide for any subsidy or other 
benefit in relation to principal or interest (mutui agevolati); 
Criteria applicable to Integration Assets constituted by Receivables 
Each of the Receivables shall comply, as of the relevant Selection Date, with the criteria set out above under 
paragraph "Criteria applicable to the Eligible Assets constituted by Receivables". 
Public Assets 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement, the Sellers shall have the right to transfer to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor public assets which shall comply with the characteristics set out below: 
The Public Assets General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables arising from the Public Loan shall comply with the following criteria set out under 
Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (c) of the MEF Decree:  
(i) 
Receivables whose debtors or guarantors (pursuant to a “guarantee valid for the purpose of credit 
risk mitigation” (garanzia valida ai fini della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as defined by Article 
1, paragraph 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree) are (a) public administrations of Admitted States, 
including therein any Ministries, municipalities (enti pubblici territoriali), national or local entities 
and other public bodies, which attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to 
the EC Directive 2006/48 regulation under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement; 
(b) public administrations of States other than Admitted States which attract a risk weighting factor 
equal to 0 per cent. under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement, (c) 
municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying out economic activities (organismi 
pubblici non economici) of States other than Admitted States which attract a risk weight factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to the EC Directive 2006/48 regulation under the “Standardised 
Approach” to credit risk measurement. 
Each of the Public Securities shall meet the following characteristics set out under Article 2, paragraph 1, 
lett. (c) of the MEF Decree:  
(a) 
if securities issued or guaranteed by public administrations of the Admitted States, including therein 
any Ministries, municipalities (enti pubblici territoriali), national or local entities and other public 
bodies, attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to the EC Directive 
2006/48 regulation under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement; or  
(b) 
if securities issued or guaranteed by public administrations of States other than Admitted States, 
attract a risk weighting factor equal to 0 per cent. pursuant to the EC Directive 2006/48 regulation 
under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement; or  
(c) 
if securities issued or guaranteed by municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying 
out economic activities (organismi pubblici non economici) of States other than Admitted States,

--- Page 143 ---
141 
 
attract a risk weight factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to the EC Directive 2006/48 
regulation under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement.  
Characteristics applicable to Integration Assets constituted by Securities other than Public Securities  
Each of the Securities (other than the Public Securities) shall comply, as of the relevant Selection Date, with 
the following characteristics set out under the MEF Decree: 
(a) 
the issuing bank shall have its registered office in an Eligible State or in a State which attract a risk 
weight factor equal to 0 per cent. under the "standardised approach" to credit risk measurement; and 
(b) 
such Securities shall have a residual maturity not longer than one year. 
Eligible States shall mean any States belonging to the European Economic Space and Switzerland. 
"standardised approach" is the approach to credit risk measurements as defined under Directive 
2006/48/EC.

--- Page 144 ---
142 
 
COLLECTION AND RECOVERY PROCEDURES 
1. REGULAR LOANS 
Payment systems and the recording of collections 
The repayment of almost all loans starts on the first day of the second month following the date of signature 
of the agreement (unless entire grace periods are stipulated by contract). Between the date of signature and 
the first repayment date, the client is covered by a grace period and only pays interest, which is usually 
collected with the first repayment instalment. 
By way of example, in the case of a loan with monthly repayment taken out on 5/10:  
5/10 30/11 
 
1/12 (start of repayment) 
1/01                 1/02 
 
 
Technical grace period 
Frist repayment installment 
 
For companies, almost all loans have a grace period that can be quite long, up to 36/48 months. From the date 
of signature until the date of the first repayment, the client is in a technical grace period and pays only the 
interest, which is usually received together with the first repayment instalment. For this type of loan, 
repayment generally starts from the first full instalment following disbursement, according to the timescale of 
the instalment (monthly, quarterly, half-yearly, annual). Provision can also be made for a grace period, in 
addition to the technical grace period, the duration of which, defined at the time of approval of the loan, is 
commensurate with the term, type and purpose of the loan. 
The terms of payment of the loan instalments essentially consist of: 
 direct debit of the debtor’s current account opened at any branch of the Bank 
 payment by the debtor based on a MAV (deposit slip) notice of payment of each instalment, to be 
made at the counters of the relevant Bank or any other credit institution adhering to the MAV 
circuit; 
 direct debit of the debtor’s current account opened at another Bank (SDD mandate); 
 payment at the Bank counter and/or by Bank transfer through another Bank. 
It is Bank practice, for current loans with payments of deferred instalments, to permit that payments made 
after the instalment deadline but less than one month before the subsequent due date, be subject to default 
interest charged at the following due date, or on the first accounting event of the loan (see repayment). 
1.1 
Payment by direct debit of current account 
For the loan items that use this system of payment, the procedure identifies all instalments falling due on a 
specific day and provides for the current account to be debited (on the specific day). If the account does not 
have funds or its funds are only partially sufficient, the system makes the debits nonetheless, providing each 
branch (on the day of each instalment due date) with a list of instalment debits that have caused the current 
account to become overdrawn. The branch concerned has the option of cancelling instalments debited 
automatically by the system. 
Any outstanding payments are recorded in the Bank’s information system in real time. The operator can, 
however, check the accounting position of the loan at any time. 
If an instalment is even only partially unpaid, the loan is not taken into consideration when preparing the 
debit flow for the following instalment.

--- Page 145 ---
143 
 
Note that each week, the recovery of instalments in arrears is generated automatically, by monitoring the 
balances of clients’ accounts in order to gradually reduce the arrears. 
1.2 
Payment by pre-authorised debit 
In order to improve operability and offer clients services that are increasingly designed to meet their 
expectations, instalments may be paid by the pre-authorised debit of current accounts at other credit 
institutions. 
A pre-authorised debit order issued to other banks, only to be used on the client’s express request, provides 
an alternative to debiting a current account opened at the Bank. This option is of interest to clients who reside 
outside the area of operations of the Bank, and those operating with other credit institutions. This service 
serves to reduce loans with no supporting current account. 
The flow of debits forwarded to the paying banks is generated automatically several days prior to the due 
date of the instalment, currently 8 business days for all items collectable by SDD mandate. 
On the due date of the debit orders, the electronic procedure credits the collections “subject to collection” to a 
transit account and on that same day the “Loans” procedure debits the amount of the instalments due to the 
same account to balance the amount credited. 
Unpaid orders returned by the correspondent banks are debited by the procedure from the transit account. 
Reversals of payments made by SDD mandate attributable to outstanding sums are carried out automatically 
by the procedure. An appropriate report on the event is also provided to the Operating Points. In view of the 
time taken by the Banks to return the sums credited “subject to collection” and the subsequent processing 
time, the effect of the collection (or outstanding sum) can only be verified approximately fifteen business 
days later. After the fifteenth day, the receipts to be sent to Clients are generated. 
In the case of outstanding sums, the debit subject to collection is only guaranteed if the loan returns to 
performing status prior to generation of the debit flow for the subsequent instalment. 
1.3 
Payment by MAV deposit slip 
In order to facilitate more rapid registration of the sums paid, for payment of loan instalments with other 
credit institutions and in order to automate the relevant flow, a notice of instalment due form has been 
produced in a standard interbank format, which enables the use of the MAV electronic banking circuit to 
credit the Bank with the sums received. 
The MAV is a paper slip that can be paid at any bank forming part of the MAV circuit (in practice almost all 
Italian banks). 
The Bank sends the slip to the client approximately 30 days prior to the due date of the instalment in the case 
of a half-yearly or quarterly loan, and 20 days prior to the due date in the case of a monthly loan. If the 
payment is made at a counter of the Bank itself, the relevant entry in the loan procedure takes place in real 
time; if the client makes the payment at another bank, an electronic data flow is sent, via the portfolio 
procedure, containing all the details of the payment. 
In addition to the speed of data transmission and the resulting faster update of the loan’s ledger, the use of 
this procedure enables the reduction of manual payment allocation to a minimum.

--- Page 146 ---
144 
 
 
 
 
Usually the result of the payment at another bank (electronic flow) is received within 3 days of the 
date of payment. 
If a client fails to pay an instalment, for loans payable in half-yearly and quarterly instalments, a MAV 
reminder is sent. 
For other due dates and for all payment procedures, a reminder letter is sent monthly summarising all 
the amounts payable by clients. 
1.4 
Collection by cheque or postal order 
Instalments may also be paid, subject to collection, by banks drafts, bank cheques and postal orders. In 
this case too, the deadline for payment without default is that indicated on the notice of the instalment 
due that is only produced if the payment method is without domiciliation (MAV). 
Cheques and postal orders must be issued to the order of the Bank. Exclusively for clients know n to 
be of good standing by the Branch, checks and postal orders with one or more endorsements may be 
accepted, in all cases in accordance with applicable legislation. In such cases, the last endorsement 
must always correspond to that of the presenting client. 
In the event of the return of unpaid or protested cheques or postal orders, the legislation provides that 
the branch: 
 must attempt to recover from the transferor the amount of the unpaid/protested cheque and 
the relevant expenses, together with interest on late payment from instalment due date until 
the recovery date; 
 if recovery is impossible, the branch must reverse the payment procedure, following recall of 
any receipts issued. 
1.5 
Collection by transfer 
If the client pays an instalment by transfer, the payment is received in the procedure directly by the 
Operating Point. Any credits received by the MLT Loans Office are sent to the branch dealing with 
the loan. 
If the client appears at a different Bank of the Group from that at which the loan is established, the 
collection of an instalment and/or execution of early payment is settled centrally by the Group’s back 
office departments. With the new business plan, the case record is no longer significant. Any 
receivables are transferred to the relevant branches. 
Collections must be made in the currency recognised by the correspondent Bank. 
1.6 
Collection and management of Securities Collections 
 1.6.1 Payments to the the Principal Securities Collection Account and to the Interest Securities 
Collections Account 
All principal redemption amounts, interest payments and any other amounts due for any reason in 
relation to the Securities will be credited by Monte Titoli or Clearstream (as the case may be) to the 
custodian bank in favour of the securities account opened and maintained in the name of the Covered

--- Page 147 ---
145 
 
 
 
 
Bond Guarantor, through specific segregated liquidator account, properly opened with Monte Titoli or 
Clearstream. The custodian bank automatically and promptly pays the collected amounts as follows: 
 any principal amount to the Principal Securities Collection Account; and 
 any interest amount to the Interest Securities Collection Account (jointly, the Securities 
Collection Accounts). 
1.6.2 
Further payments 
If, for any reason, the Servicer receives any collections other than those described above, the Servicer 
shall carry out a reconciliation of the amounts received within 20 (twenty) days from the receipt of 
such amounts by the Debtors and credit to the relevant Securities Collection Account, in respect of 
principal and interest, such sums received and reconciled within 3 (three) Business Days following the 
reconciliation of such amounts and with value date corresponding to the collection date by the 
Servicer. 
1.6.3 
Collection verification 
Further to any payment date of each Security, as set forth under the relevant Securities documents, the 
Servicer will verify that the amounts due as principal, interest or for any other reason due in relation to 
each Security have been credited on the relevant Securities Collection Account, in respect of principal 
and interest, with value date corresponding to the relevant payment date of each Securities, as set forth 
under the relevant Security documents. 
1.7 Tolerance periods for payments 
The deadline for payment for all types of loan (monthly, quarterly, half-yearly or annual) is the 
instalment due date, irrespective of the payment procedure used by the client. 
If the due date is a public holiday, the deadline is deferred to the first subsequent business day. 
2. MANAGEMENT OF CURRENT LOANS 
2.1 Loan renegotiation policies 
In recent years, the loan market has seen a considerable increase in the granting of loans by 
“replacement/renegotiation”. 
This phenomenon has been favoured both by structural factors, such as the liberalisation of the market 
following the legislative innovations introduced by the Bersani Decree Law (Legislative Decree No. 7 
of 31 January 2007, converted into Law no. 40 of 2 April 2007, known as “loan transfer” and the 
abolition/reduction of settlement penalties) now Legislative Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011, converted 
with amendments into Law no. 106 of 12 July 2011, and by cyclical factors related to interest rate 
trends. 
In this changed regulatory and economic situation, and in the increasingly competitive context of the 
mortgage market, the Bank, in accordance with its legal obligations, has decided to undertake 
commercial initiatives mainly designed to increase attention to the needs of existing clients under the 
same competitive terms and ultimately establishing the conditions to hold onto clients. Accordingly, 
Branches may undertake ‘retention’ initiatives in defence of their portfolio, leading to a renegotiation

--- Page 148 ---
146 
 
 
 
 
of loans, without access to renegotiation requiring evidence of (i) the position being critical, (ii) 
alleged difficulty in servicing the debt, or (iii) a decision to settle the loan thanks to the new 
opportunities offered by the market arising from new mortgage transfer rules. Renegotiation is 
authorised within the limits of current autonomous powers. 
The possible solutions consist of: 
a) 
lengthening the term of both variable-rate and fixed-rate loans: the final due date of the 
repayment plan may not exceed a term of 40 years and, solely with regard to private individuals, 
the relevant debtor may not be more than 75 years of age (or other limits in force from time to 
time based on the parent bank’s policy), except the cases indicated in letter e) below; 
b) 
changing the indexing parameter or converting the loan from variable-rate to fixed-rate or 
vice versa, with a possible change in the frequency of instalments usually applied under standard 
catalogue conditions in force from time to time for the particular type of counterparty; 
c) 
renegotiating the spread and/or the fixed rate; 
d) 
shortening the term (only for private individuals only); 
e) 
granting the option of suspending the payment of instalments on the basis of: 
• agreements promoted by the Italian Banking Association to support the credit market 
for small and medium-sized enterprises and retail credit, such as for example the “2019 
Credit Agreement” signed on 15 November 2018; 
•  legislative or regulatory provisions, such as: 
a) 
the provisions contained in the Implementing Regulation (adopted by Ministerial 
Decree No. 132 of 21 June 2010) of the “Solidarity Fund” (the so-called 
Gasparrini Fund) for loans for the purchase of a first home, established by Article 
2, paragraph 475 et seq. of Law No. 244/2007 (2008 Finance Act); 
b) 
measures to combat natural disasters or humanitarian emergencies; 
 
 initiatives promoted from time to time by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group in favour of its 
clients or to support credit quality 
 agreements established by contract. 
Suspensions generally have a maximum duration of 12 months, unless different terms are established 
in the contract, or are based on different legislative or regulatory provisions (such as, for example, the 
“Solidarity Fund”), with a shift in the repayment plan and the resulting extension of the final term of 
the loan by a period corresponding to the duration of the suspension. 
The suspension may concern: 
 
the whole instalment (capital and interest), in which case the interest accruing during the 
suspension will be paid without out the application of default interest, on the resumption of 
repayment of the loan, according to the terms agreed with the borrower; 
 
the capital only, in which case the borrower, during the period of suspension, continues to pay 
the interest calculated according to the contractually established methods.

--- Page 149 ---
147 
 
 
 
 
In the event of instalments in arrears, suspension runs from the first instalment falling due and unpaid 
that is included in the suspension and, if the suspension is total, the default interest accrued on that 
instalment will not be payable. 
The branch - in accordance with the policy adopted by the Bank from time to time - may also propose 
to replace the loan with a new loan that meets the client's requirements, with a right of subrogation in 
favour of Intesa Sanpaolo. 
2.2  Concessions on other exposures – forbearance policies on performing loans that are in bonis 
Credit exposures subject to concessions or forbearance measures are liabilities whose original 
conditions have been changed and/or whose outstanding amount has been totally/partially refinanced 
due to financial difficulties that prevent the borrower from making the agreed payments. 
The notion of credit exposures subject to forbearance measures can be applied both to performing and 
non-performing loans. It is a distinct element used to further define the borrower’s credit quality, 
which complements but does not substitute the loan’s classification.  
An aspect of considerable importance is represented by the minimum "monitoring period” to which a 
forborne exposure is subjected. This period, which differs on the basis of the counterparty 
administrative risk status, is equal to 24 months (“probation period”) for performing positions. The 
calculation of days for “probation period” starts from the date of application of the forbearance 
measures. At the end of the Probation Period, the exposure can cease to be monitored - and the 
forborne attribute may lapse, provided that the following conditions are met: 
- 
the debtor has paid a significant amount of principal and interest;  
- 
the position is not more than 30 days past due on the account or on one of the accounts 
comprising the monitored loan (at NDG/Clone level), applying the tolerance thresholds of € 200 
(Retail) or € 500 (for all other segments). 
 
In case the forbearance measure (or the cumulative forbearance measures reiterate on the same 
facility) granted to a performing counterparty leads to a loss in terms of Net Present Value (NPV), 
exceeding the 1% threshold, the counterparty is automatically classified in a default status. 
 
Non performing exposures that become forborne performing exposures  need to be closely monitored. 
For such exposures, if during the Probation period exposure:  
- becomes object of further forbearance measures  
- incurs in arreas/past due for more than 30 days  
It is automatically labelled “forborne non performing”, and the counterparty reclassified in a default 
status. 
 
3. THE CREDIT MANAGEMENT PROCESS 
3.1. Proactive Credit 
Proactive Credit is defined as the set of processes for loans to clients who have difficulties that at the 
time are potential and not yet openly apparent, but which could, if not promptly resolved, lead to the

--- Page 150 ---
148 
 
 
 
 
breach of contract, with the consequent deterioration in the quality of the risks assumed by the Bank. 
The occurrence of such a default could, depending on its severity and duration, result in the 
subsequent classification of all positions as non-performing. 
3.1.1 Processes 
Objectives and guiding principles 
The Proactive Credit management processes is a model for the management of clients with potential 
problems, which is designed to correctly and promptly identify and address anomalies from the 
moment they first appear. The model is based on the following guiding principles: 
 the responsibility of the branch in the monitoring of positions; 
 differentiation of processes according to their regulatory segment; 
 the establishment of dedicated structures, both peripheral and central, that intervene in the 
process when the associated risk becomes increasingly serious; 
 the streamlining of credit management processes and management statuses, with a 
consequent simplification of the workflow and of activities focused on an effective solution 
to detected anomalies; 
 review of intervention criteria to ensure greater efficiency and effectiveness of the new 
processes, anticipating as much as possible the detection of situations that could lead to a 
deterioration of positions; 
 review of the interception systems with a view to complete automation of entry and exit 
from the process, reducing subjective evaluations to a minimum; 
 the supplement of processes with Early Warning (EW) interception systems to make 
interception increasingly predictive and intervention increasingly anticipatory; 
 the use of the ratings to support decision-making; 
 the use of external companies specialising in recoveries (only for the Private Retail); 
 the use of an Internal Collection Unit for clients belonging to the Private Retail (RE) 
regulatory segment. equipped with tools and processes for proposing autonomous 
negotiating solutions and the use of external companies specialising in recovery  
As indicated above, Proactive Credit for the management of intercepted clients draws on the support 
of dedicated teams in the Loans Offices at the Regional Headquarters of the LBN (Local Bank 
Networks) and of the office of the CLO (Chief Lending Officer), with the task of supporting the 
Network in the management of clients that are showing initial signs of difficulty. 
The processes involved in Proactive Credit, which are designed to manage intercepted clients in a 
timely and optimal manner, are differentiated by regulatory segment and are divided into: 
 Corporate, SME Corporate and SME Retail Processes 
 SME Retail Processes (positions falling within the competence of the Regional Directions) 
 Banking and Non-Banking Financial Institutions Processes 
 Retail Process 
The intervention system is guided by an Early Warning System which, through the collation of a 
series of indicators, enables classification of credit positions according to the counterparty’s state of

--- Page 151 ---
149 
 
 
 
 
default. The state of impairment of a counterparty is represented/summarised through the attribution 
of a colour (a ‘traffic light’ result). The calculation engine produces six categories: 
 green 
 light green 
 orange 
 red 
 light blue 
 dark blue 
Counterparties intercepted in the Proactive Credit process are: 
 for the Private Individuals Retail (RE) regulatory segment, counterparties with a red traffic 
light outcome, with a “confirmed criticality” form; 
 for the SME Retail regulatory segment, counterparties with orange and red traffic lights 
generated by “confirmed” criticalities, and 
 for the Corporate, Banks and Non-Banking Financial Institutions regulatory segments, 
counterparties with orange and red traffic lights. 
SME Retail, Corporate, Banks and Non-Banking Financial Institutions regulatory segments upon a 
“Forborne” resolution certified by the competent central structures of the CLO Area, are managed in 
the Proactive Credit Process. 
3.1.2 Management phases of Proactive Credit 
Proactive Credit processes are divided into management phases, which in turn are differentiated 
according to process type/client segment. 
A) For Corporate Clients, Corporate SMEs, Retail SMEs (falling within the competence of CLO 
Area), Banks and Non-Banking Financial Institutions the process involves: 
 the “Branch Management” (BF) phase / the “Branch Management – Non-settled” (BU) 
phase 
 the “Proactive Management” (PM) phase. 
1) The “Branch Management” phase is operational for positions intercepted as a result of an 
EWS orange traffic light (criticalities alerted for the SME Retail segment only), i.e. 
counterparties with less serious risk alerts. 
This phase involves the intervention of the branch/relationship manager responsible for the 
commercial relationship and consists of verification with the client of the reasons for the intervention 
with the aim of reaching, where possible, an agreement for the regularisation of the position and/or 
settlement of an automatically detected anomaly. 
The phase involves the compilation by the manager of a check list (for BdT) / note field in which the 
actions taken are entered into the system. Each action will be subject to automatic or manual control, 
with varying frequencies depending on the type of action taken. During monitoring, if the action is not 
fulfilled  or is ineffective, the manager will be automatically asked to re-analyse the position and again 
indicate the actions taken in consultation with the client.

--- Page 152 ---
150 
 
 
 
 
This processing phase is referred to as “Branch Management – Non-settled" (BU) and is described in 
greater detail below. 
In the event of difficulties that cannot be resolved in the short term, or of significant complexity, the 
account it would be possible to evaluate the transition of the position to a worsening risk state.. 
The management phase does not have a minimum duration, but within 30 days of intervention, the 
operator is required to analyse the counterparty and report actions taken to the system by filling in a 
check list (for BdT) / note field 
Positions that have not been processed within 30 days, together with positions processed ineffectively, 
enter the “Branch Management – Non-settled” management phase and are subject to automatic 
reporting to the competent loans office. 
The “Branch Management – Non-settled” management phase applies to positions that have not been 
settled, or with a management action that has not been performed, or with an ineffective action; 
In this phase, the relationship manager, who is responsible for identifying and implementing ac tions 
necessary to support the counterparty in overcoming the stated or potential difficulties, is assisted by 
the specialist Credit Value Management Office. This Office does not intervene directly in the position, 
but is responsible for the “Governance of the BU portfolio”, i.e. it is responsible formonitoring 
volumes, processes and recycling, ensuring that branches adequately supervise the positions for which 
they are responsible. 
2) The “Proactive Management” phase applies to positions: 
 intercepted through an EWS “red light” (only confirmed criticalities for the SME Retail 
segment), or 
 Branch Management states for which the manager requests an override to a more severe 
category. 
This phase does not have a defined duration. It ends with the regularisation of the positions, or 
classification as a non-performing loan. On entering this phase, the Branch draws up a specific Action 
Plan, which may be complete or a general outline, in which, in addition to assessing the client’s 
situation, initiatives for regularising the position are identified. 
The action plan must be submitted to the competent specialist Credit Unit for validation. The 
competent unit is automatically identified on the basis of Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) concession 
mandates; in particular, clients with: 
 exposure less than €15 million: validation is the responsibility of the Regional Headquarters 
of the Local Bank Networks Division; 
 exposure of more than €15 million: validation is the responsibility of the Proactive Units of 
the Credit Value Management Offices of the CLO Area. For the clients of the Corporate & 
Investment Banking Division, validation is the exclusive responsibility of the CLO Area. 
This phase provides the monitoring of the Action Plan. In particular, the same credit function that is 
responsible for validation of the plan is also responsible for the task of monitoring the defined actions, 
whether the plan is being implemented by the methods agreed with the relationship function, while at 
the same time verifying that no new anomalies have arisen that could undermine the maintenance of 
the position in that state.

--- Page 153 ---
151 
 
 
 
 
Even in the Proactive Management Phase, for less complex counterparties, the operator has the option 
to compile an intervention check list, replacing the action plan, with the same content and function as 
indicated above for the BF phase. However, the obligation to monitor, with variable frequency 
depending on the expiry of the action inserted, remains, in order to ensure and verify compliance with 
what is was agreed between the manager and the client. 
The objective of the management is to eliminate anomalies with a view to continuing relations with 
the counterparty, helping it to avoid the loan from slipping into the category of a non-performing. 
Positions for which the regularisation is not achieved remain classified in this state until a subjective 
assessment results in a classification in a state of higher risk, by a request submitted to the competent 
management offices. Positions also leave the state with a worsening of the risk in the event that 
conditions of objective deterioration occur (conditions for classification among past due loans and/or 
impaired overruns, detection of a prejudicial ‘dark blue’ status, etc.) leading to automatic 
classification as an overdue or probable default. 
Therefore, performing positions which are attributed an automatic assessment of high risk, which is 
confirmed over time, or which present early signs of potential difficulties, are promptly and 
automatically intervened in proactive management processes. 
Such positions, for the purposes of credit quality, are classified to all intents and purposes as 
“performing” and responsibility for their management remains with the organisational structure in 
which the counterparty is portfolioed. 
In order to guarantee objectivity, cases are placed in or removed from Proactive Credit processes 
automatically. Only the relevant control bodies (such as for example the Internal Auditing 
Department) are entitled, in the event of serious anomalies detected during the course of their duties, 
to classify positions manually with the status of “Proactive Management” on their own initiative. 
B)  For SME Retail counterparties for which Regional Directions are competent, given the lower 
complexity and smaller number of counterparties involved, the process applies a more industrialized 
approach with a guided operative workflow and direct involvement of the specialist “Remediation 
SME Retail” structures within the Regional Directions. 
The process entails: 
 directing to “Branch management” (i.e. “first processing”) positions with  a final EWS score 
of “Orange”; 
 directing to “Specialist management” (i.e. “direct Remediation”) positions with a final EWS 
score of “Red”. 
 In the first case: 
 
the Branch/relationship manager will analyse the position and contact the borrower 
in order to define, when possible, a way to regularise the loan, through 
renegotiation when necessary or appropriate (in this case the relationship manager 
will set up the deliberation process in coordination with the specialist structure of 
the competent Regional Direction); 
 
positions for which a solution is not feasible or for which the proposition has not 
been completed within 30 days are automatically transferred to the “Specialist 
management” and managed centrally.

--- Page 154 ---
152 
 
 
 
 
In the second case, the competent Regional Direction’s structure centrally manages the position, 
analysing it, acquiring any necessary documentation and contacting the borrower to define the most 
appropriate solution, (with approval procedure when needed) or otherwise transferring the position to 
a riskier state. The position will then stay in a specific state that allows for monitoring to evaluate how 
effective the solution is. 
C) With respect to Private Individuals Retail, a dedicated "Retail Prevention and Management" 
Process (also known as "Pulse") was defined and gradually implemented by the Chief Lending 
Officer Governance Area. 
The process is applicable for the management of Private Individuals (RE regulatory segment) with 
predefined characteristics and it utilizes homogeneous and specialized methods of contact and 
negotiation for the settlement of the debt. 
The process includes both performing counterparties detected by the EWS scoring engine at the first 
signs of difficulty (e.g. excess utilization and / or arrears in debt repayment) and those subsequently 
classified to non-performing (Past Due or Unlikely to Pay categories). 
 The main features of the Retail Prevention and Management Process are as follows: 
 differentiated process for Retail customers (RE segment) according to the characteristics of 
the borrower and the underlying position, also with recourse to external resources 
 use of advanced routing logics based on the EWS Retail model 
 structured, centralized and highly automated management process, with differentiated 
actions based on the riskiness of the position, governed by a specialized unit 
 progressiveness in contacting customers, i.e. phone collection and home collection 
 management of all the customer’s transactions at ISP Group level 
 extensive use of negotiation solutions for customer regularization, when in presence of 
eligible  "candidates", and implemented by a dedicated Bank  structure 
 integrated, unique and, whenever possible, automated procedures 
 constant monitoring of the management process through dedicated reporting 
 constant interaction of counterparties with the Bank's internal specialized structures 
 dedicated workflows and differentiated contact tools, supported by decision-making engines 
and standardized products 
 clustering of customers from a management perspective 
 presence of an algorithm for selecting the most appropriate negotiation solution 
 set-up of a single management platform with integration and interaction between the 
management and recovery functionalities within the tool 
The governance of the activities and the credit delegated prerogatives are centralized within the 
Remediation function – part of the Credit Value Preservation Head Office Department - Chief 
Lending Officer Governance Area, while the relationship with customers through telephone contacts 
(the so-called Phone Collection) is mainly delegated to the corresponding Pulse Function (part of the 
above mentioned Head Office Department) and to Outsourcers specialized in the collection of debs ; 
the latter are also in charge of the Home Collection activities

--- Page 155 ---
153 
 
 
 
 
The Remediation function – as governance structure of the Retail Management process - manages the 
quotas of customers to be contacted by Pulse and the Outsourcers and monitors their activity. The 
process and information exchanges with the Outsourcers are managed through a dedicated tool,which 
defines the steps between the various operational and management phases and which incorporates the 
results of the activities carried out through the service platforms. 
Based on pre-established rules relating to the characteristics of the customer, its riskiness (calculated 
by the EWS) and the underlying products, an evolved algorithm (the Routing Engine) directs the 
counterparties to the various actors in the process, including to the relevant branches. 
The Remediation function thus: 
 oversees and monitors the entire portfolio intercepted and routed into the process, also in 
relation to the other actors involved in the process 
 provides strategic support and coordination of the activities performed by Pulse and the 
Outsourcers 
 manages end-to-end the most critical positions (i.e. from contact with the customer and 
identification of the negotiation solution to the credit proposal and decision- making) 
 processes the assigned portfolio, divided into predefined management phases, with a focus 
on renegotiation and in observance of the applicable credit delegated prerogatives; 
 elaborates the credit analysis and decides on the negotiation solutions proposed by Pulse or 
the Branches. 
 monitors the implementation of the negotiation solutions agreed with the client by the other 
actors involved in the process 
 decides on the classification (including massive) to Unlikely to Pay or Bad Loans in case of 
positions that are not regularized 
Pulse is the internal function within Credit Value Preservation Head Office Department (Chief 
Lending Officer Area) in charge of phone collection and investigation. It maintains "direct contact 
with customers, according to a standardization of processing cycles (e.g. assignment to specific 
profiles in the collection unit) and its focus is on proposed solutions to “normalize” the credit 
facilities; this structure makes use of dedicated workflow tools, decision-making engines and products 
specifically designed. 
Pulse is therefore in charge of: 
 the first telephone contact and interview with the customer; 
 the identification and simulation of a negotiation solution; 
 the verification of the sustainability of the solution identified; 
 the preparation and submission of requests for renegotiation / suspension of the instalments; 
 the update of the data set on the basis of the documentation received. 
Both Pulse and Remediation functions use dedicated IT procedures that allow: 
 to promptly identify possible financial difficulties of borrowers - Private Individuals and 
 to centrally manage a significant part of the rescheduling/ restructuring operations, thus 
limiting the involvement of the Network.

--- Page 156 ---
154 
 
 
 
 
Commercial collaborations were also initiated aimed at the outsourcing of collection activities with 
partners specialized in both phone and home collection to streamline the management of delinquencies 
(i.e. positions with overdue and / or arrears). As per Bank of Italy’s guidelines, the outsourcing of 
these activities is considered an outsourcing of an Important Operational Function. 
Lots created by IT procedures on a daily basis are allocated for periods linked to the specific recovery 
phase (30 to 90 days).  
With regard to the allocated loans, within the allotted time period, the external Partner will perform 
the following tasks:  
 keep a timetabled and frequent contact with the borrower following instructions received 
from Remediation  
 recovery activities 
 in the advanced phases of the process, take note of the borrower’s interest for the 
renegotiation, rescheduling or consolidation of the loan 
 give daily feedback on the results of all activities performed.  
The Outsourcers do not directly carry out negotiation and / or proposal of rescheduling products; they 
gather information on the client's interest in any negotiation solutions, which are subsequently 
structured and deliberated by the Remediation Function. 
The outsourcing agreement is in line with the rules set out in Bank of Italy’s Circular 285/2013 and, 
depending on the activities carried out, Partners are subject to art 115 of the Italian Public Security 
Law (TULPS), need a license issued by the Police HQ and are supervised by the ministry of Interiors. 
Their operations are bound by the category’s deontological code (UNIREC) and by national privacy 
laws.  
The relationship manager also has a role in the process: 
 supporting contact units with any information on the borrower that may help in client 
analysis 
 managing the relationship with borrowers for specific cases (e.g. employees)  
 may work on clients, with full visibility on all phases of the management process, both 
internal and outsourced, interacting with the specialist for any actions that will take place in 
the branch (e.g. client meeting) 
 formalizes the outcome of any agreed upon negotiation 
 
3.1.3 The “Prevention and Retail Management” process - Externa collection 
For extrajudicial recovery of Proactive and Non-performing loans that are not non-performing, and 
specifically for the process called "Retail Prevention and Management" (RE regulatory segment), 
Intesa Sanpaolo can avail itself not only of the competent internal offices of the bank itself, but also of 
external specialist companies that meet the necessary regulatory requirements.

--- Page 157 ---
155 
 
 
 
 
Separate contractual conditions govern the collaboration, which his described in greater detail in the 
commercial collaboration agreement (“Collaboration Agreement”), concluded with external 
companies. 
In general, the external company will perform the services by organising and managing all factors and 
production resources at its own expense and with entrepreneurial autonomy. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the Collaboration Agreement, the external company represents 
and warrants that it has - and will have for the entire term of the Collaboration Agreement - the 
authorisations, licenses and permits necessary to undertake its commercial activities and to fulfil its 
obligations with the utmost professionalism and diligence, in compliance with legislation in force 
from time to time and as provided in the “General and Special Conditions”. 
In particular, the service will cover the activities of: 
• 
Phone Collection: understood as an extrajudicial debt recovery activity performed thr ough 
telephone contacts. 
The activity is divided into two successive phases (Phone Collection 1 and Phone Collection 2), 
depending on the criticality of the client. The mandate to manage cases and to perform the recovery 
activity will last thirty days, commencing from the date of award of the mandate unless extended, and 
concerns individual cases which must be agreed from time to time. 
The time granted may in exceptional cases be altered following assessment by the Bank, which will 
communicate it to the external company with a specific indication of the new expiry date of the 
mandate, including by a specific indication in the management portal. 
By way of non-exhaustive indication, the activities that the external company may perform in the 
Phone Collection phase may be: 
a) 
communication of the problem to the client 
b) 
a request to regularise the situation and instruction on how to proceed 
c) 
communication of the possibility of a negotiated solution, subject to a creditworthiness 
assessment by the Bank 
d) 
directing the client to the Bank office for the application of a negotiated solution 
e) 
directing the client to the Bank's reference structure for the effective application of the 
negotiation solution 
• 
Home Collection: understood as extrajudicial debt collection activities which may include a 
home visit by the external company to the third party debtor. The activity is divided into three 
successive phases (Home Collection 1, Home Collection 2 and Home Collection 3), depending on the 
criticality of the client. The mandate to manage cases and to perform the recovery activity  will last 
sixty days for the so-called Home Collection 1 and Home Collection 2 phases, and for ninety days for 
Home Collection 3 phases, commencing from the date of award of the mandate unless extended, and 
concerns individual cases which must be agreed from time to time. 
The time granted may in exceptional cases be altered following assessment and an order of the Bank, 
which will communicate it to the external company with a specific indication of the new expiry date 
of the mandate, including by a specific indication in the management portal. 
By way of non-exhaustive indication, in the Home Collection phases the external company may 
perform the following activities:

--- Page 158 ---
156 
 
 
 
 
a. 
communication of the problem to the client 
b. 
a request to regularise the situation and instruction on how to proceed 
c. 
communication of the possibility of a access to negotiated solutions, subject to a 
creditworthiness assessment by the Bank  
d. 
obtention of an expression of interest from the client in defining a strategy 
forregularisation with the Bank 
e.directing the client to the Bank office for the application of a negotiated solution. 
The Service will consist in performing the Phone Collection and/or Home Collection activities for 
extrajudicial recovery of outstanding claims in the following categories: 
 receivables relating to overdue and unpaid instalments 
 receivables relating to overdue and unpaid sums 
 receivables relating to default interest 
 receivables arising from use of current accounts without a credit line or in excess of the 
granted credit limit 
 receivables for expenses, accessories and any other amounts due in relation to the type 
ofreceivables claimed and for which a mandate is granted. 
The process of granting a mandate, i.e. the creation of outsourced lots with a mandate to operate, takes 
place on a daily basis. The management process is also supported by a dedicated IT procedure that 
enables, again on a daily basis, viewing of the recovery actions implemented by external companies 
and precise monitoring of the evolution of the positions entrusted to external collection. 
The cooperation agreement for the provision of extrajudicial credit recovery services, signed with 
external companies, provides for the determination of specific operational SLAs and management 
KPIs. 
In particular, service levels are broken down into “high significance” and “medium significance”. The 
main “high significance” service levels are: 
 misappropriation / delay in the consignment of values 
 justified complaints / lawsuits concerning privacy violation and money laundering 
 failure to comply with rules established by the Italian Data Protection Authority 
 proven aggressive conduct toward clients  
The main “medium significance” service levels are: 
 prompt commencement of telephone and home recovery activities 
 punctual performance of activities  
 punctual issue of invoices according to operating instructions given. 
Failure to comply with Service levels may result in the application of specific penalties/actions that 
vary according to the type of Service level not complied with and the extent of the violation. 
The Bank will also constantly monitor the performance indicators (management KPIs) underlying the 
commission model and the logic of outsourced positions in the various phases, in accordance with the 
timeframes used to govern the outsourcing process, such as, by way of example but not limited to:

--- Page 159 ---
157 
 
 
 
 
 net performance (amounts collected/amounts entrusted): the ratio between the volumes of 
sums collected (excluding expected collection values due after the mandate) compared to all 
transactions included the scope of the mandate and the volumes of overdue sums in the same 
mandate; 
 regularisation: for instalment products, number of contracts which at the end of the credit 
period have zero overdue and unpaid instalments; for current account overdrafts, contracts 
with a final overdraft amount of zero; 
 redemption: percentage of cases which, at the end of the credit line, have a lower number of 
overdue and unpaid instalments than at the beginning of the credit line compared to the total 
number of cases entrusted; 
 duration of management: average duration of cases of management. 
3.2 Non-performing exposures 
The 10th update of Bank of Italy Circular No. 272 (hereinafter “Circular 272”) introduced further 
clarifications to the definitions and types of “non-performing financial assets” to implement the 
provisions of the EBA 2016/07 Guidelines of 18 January 2017 (“EBA DoD Guidelines”) on the 
application of the Definition of Default contained in Article 178 of Regulation 575/2013 (the Capital 
Requirements Regulation). 
The various types of credit statuses that come within the category of “non-performing financial 
assets”, referring to the overall exposure of the debtor, are discussed below. 
“Non-performing financial assets” consist of cash assets (loans and debt securities) and off -balanc e 
sheet assets (guarantees given, irrevocable and revocable undertakings to disburse funds, etc.) from 
debtors: 
1) 
which have significant exposures which are past due by more than 90 days, or 
 
2) 
for which full fulfilment of the credit obligations is considered unlikely without enforcement 
of guarantees, irrespective of the existence of overdue sums or the number of days in arrears. 
No account is taken of any guarantees (real or personal) put in place to protect assets. The category of 
“Non-performing financial assets” does not include financial instruments included in a “Financial 
assets held for trading” portfolio or derivative contracts. 
In order to identify non-performing loans, the Bank has selected a criterion that involves an approach 
by “Individual debtor”. 
“Non-performing financial assets” are classified, in accordance with the principle of increasing 
gravity, in the following three categories: 
 non-performing past due exposures 
 unlikely-to-pay loans 
 bad loans 
With respect to the classification of “in default”, the recent European legislation on the subject ( the 
so-called “new definition of default”) will be applied, with particular reference to the EBA guidelines 
on the application and definition of default pursuant to Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013.

--- Page 160 ---
158 
 
 
 
 
Again, in accordance with the regulatory provisions, the details of the categories of non- performing 
exposures, with regard to specific exposure, include the classification of “Non-Performing Forborne 
Exposures”. 
Non-performing financial assets are subject to analytical-statistical or analytical valuations for 
financial reporting purposes. 
The process of assessing non-performing exposures to counterparties classified among past due loans 
and unlikely-to-pay loans, in accordance with the reference accounting principles and the applicable 
regulatory provisions, arises from the presence of objective loss elements that lead to the conclusion 
that the amount contractually expected from each individual asset is no longer fully recoverable. 
In general terms, receivables classified: 
 among past due and/or impaired overruns (regardless of the amount of exposure) and those 
classified as unlikely-to-pay and bad loans (of an amount not exceeding a significant pre- 
established threshold, currently €2 million) are subject to an analytical-statistical 
measurement through specific LGD grids, plus an Add-On to include the impacts linked to 
management variable, to forward looking elements relating to the macroeconomic scenarios 
and to the permanence in the state of risk s 
 among unlikely-to-pay and Bad loans (both above the threshold of €2 million), are subject to 
a specific analytical evaluation process based on a reliable qualitative and quantitative 
analysis of the economic, financial and asset situation of the counterparty, together with the 
relevant exogenous factors, such as for example the performance of the relevant economic 
sector. The assessment is performed analytically for each individual receivable, considering 
the implicit riskiness of the relative technical form of use, the relevant degree of dependence 
on any mitigating factors(guarantees). 
 
3.2.1 Non-performing past due exposures (Past Due) 
This category includes “cash exposures other than those subsequently defined as bad loans or 
unlikely-to-pay loans which, on the reference date of the report, are due” for more than 90 consecutive 
days. 
The overall exposure to a debtor must be recognised as past due and/or overrun if, at the reporting 
date, the amount of principal, interest and/or commission not paid at the date on which it was due 
exceeds both of the following thresholds (hereinafter jointly referred to as the “Relevance 
Thresholds”): 
a) 
an absolute limit of €100 for retail exposures and €500 for exposures other than retail 
exposures (the so-called “Absolute Threshold”) to be compared with the debtor's total amount overdue 
and/or overrun; 
b) 
a relative limit of 1% compared with the ratio between the total amount overdue and/or 
overrun and the total amount of all exposures recorded in the balance sheet to the same debtor  ( the 
so-called “Relative Threshold”). 
Classification in this status takes place automatically, at the level of the banking group, on the 
persistence of a credit situation that is past due and/or overrunning the Relevance Thresholds for a 
period of more than 90 consecutive days.

--- Page 161 ---
159 
 
 
 
 
The classification in status also occurs automatically as a result of ‘dragging’ of a default status from 
joint holders to a joint account, or from the joint account to joint holders, according to specific rules as 
specified in the relevant paragraph. 
3.2.2 Unlikely to pay 
This category includes a debtor’s entire cash and “off-balance-sheet” exposures, in relation to w hic h 
the bank concludes that it is unlikely that he will fulfil all his credit obligations (in terms of capital 
and/or interest) without recourse to actions such as the enforcement of guarantees. This valuation does 
not take account of any amounts (or instalments) that are due and outstanding. 
It is not therefore necessary to wait for a specific sign of the problem (for example failure to repay), if 
factors exist that imply a situation of risk of default on the part of the debtor (e.g. a crisis in the 
business sector in which the debtor operates). All the cash and “off-balance-sheet” exposures of the 
same debtor in such a situation are known as “unlikely-to-pay”, unless the conditions exist for the 
loans to be classified as bad loans. 
Unlikely-to-pay loans also include all exposures to issuers that have not promptly met their payment 
obligations (principal and/or interest) in respect of listed debt securities. To this end, a “grace period” 
stipulated by contract or, in its absence, recognised by the market that lists the security, is recognised. 
In addition, unlikely-to-pay loans include “all exposures to debtors that have lodged an application for 
a so-called “blank” arrangement with creditors” (Article 161 of the Bankruptcy Act), notification of 
which can be made from the date of submission of the application until the evolution of the 
application is known. However, the exposures in question should still be classified as bad loans if: a) 
new objective factors exist that lead intermediaries, as responsible independent parties, to classify the 
debtor in that category; b) the exposures were already classified as bad loans at the time of submission 
of the application. 
The same criteria apply in the case of an application for an arrangement with creditors on a going 
concern basis (Article 186-bis of the Bankruptcy Act), as of the date of submission and until the 
outcome of the application is known (non-approval or approval decree). In the latter case, the 
classification of exposures is amended on the basis of the ordinary rules. 
In particular, in the event that an arrangement with creditors is instigated on a going concern basis 
with the transfer of the going concern or with the transfer of its assets to one or more companies (even 
newly formed companies) not belonging to the debtor’s economic group, the exposure should be 
reclassified among performing assets. 
This is not possible, however, in the case of sale or transfer to a company belonging to the same 
economic group as the debtor, due to the presumption that the parent company/controlling company 
has been involved in the decision-making process that led the company to file an application for an 
arrangement with creditors in the interests of the entire group. In such a situation, the exposure to the 
transferee continues to be indicated as impaired assets; it should also be reported among exposures 
subject to impaired concessions.” 
The following positions are automatically categorised as “unlikely to pay”: 
 positions in in the state of “About to Expire”, on passing the expiry date of this state and 
with a relative threshold of materiality in excess of 5%; 
 positions presenting a misaligned SAG for more than 30 consecutive days as “unlikely-to-

--- Page 162 ---
160 
 
 
 
 
pay” or “non-performing” loans with an exposure classified in one of the above situations, 
equal to or exceeding 20% of overall exposure at banking group level (except positions 
which, at the level of each individual bank/group company, show an exposure of less than 
€1,000); 
 in the state of “unlikely-to-pay - forborne” upon exceeding 90 days of continuous overrun 
above the threshold; 
 positions presenting one of the following prejudicial events, i.e. bankruptcy, arrangement 
with creditors, extraordinary administration, forced liquidation, settlement of bankruptcy 
proceedings, receivership, insolvency proceedings; 
 as a result of ‘dragging’ of a default status from joint holders to a joint account, or from the 
joint account to joint holders, according to specific rules as detailed in the relevant 
paragraph. 
 Positions in which the significant threshold (5%) of the overall economic loss relating to the 
sale of a credit obligation has been exceeded 
For management purposes, the Bank has also made provision for a further classification within 
“Unlikely to pay”, identified as “unlikely-to-pay-forborne”, which may include counterparties that 
show at least one exposure subject to a measure of “forbearance” that is duly complied w ith or that 
remain in a state of risk pending the start of the ‘Cure Period’ required by law (minimum 12 months). 
The following positions are automatically categorised as “unlikely-to-pay-forborne”: 
 forborne performing positions, arising from non-performing positions, subject to a 
subsequent tolerance measure on the same credit line as the previous intervention in the so - 
called “probation period”; 
 forborne performing positions, arising from non-performing positions, with a unreported 
overrun of more than 30 continuous days (applying a minimum tolerance threshold and with 
verification undertaken on the Forborne line) occurring during the Probation Period; 
 positions with a forborne flag arising from closed bad loans positions with existing 
agreed/used residues; 
 positions in the state of “non-performing past due exposures” for which forbearance 
measures have been granted with an overrun of zero or less than 30 days or below the 
threshold; 
 positions presenting a misaligned SAG for more than 30 consecutive days as “unlikely-to- 
pay forborne” and with an exposure classified in that state as equal to or exceeding 20% of 
overall exposure at banking group level (except positions which, at the level of each 
individual bank/group company, show an exposure of less than €1,000); 
 performing counterparty positions, if the calculation of the diminished obligation (in the case 
of a new forborne labelling) - at the time of execution of the operation on the legacy of 
reference - registers a value above a threshold set at 1%. 
A manual classification as “unlikely to pay” - a decision on which is the responsibility of the decision-
making body - is possible at any time if, in accordance with the regulatory provisions, this 
classification better represents the deterioration of the debtor's creditworthiness.

--- Page 163 ---
161 
 
 
 
 
3.2.3 Observation period for non-performing past due overruns and for unlikely to pay 
exposures  
Impaired exposures must continue to be classified as such until at least 3 months have passed - the so-
called Probation Period - from the time when they no longer meet the conditions to be classified as 
non-performing past due exposures, or as unlikely to pay, as the case may be. 
An exception is made for counterparties classified as “unlikely-to-pay forborne”, for a 12-month “cure 
period” applies, during which the counterparty is prevented from being re-classed as performing, even 
if the financial difficulty is overcome. 
During the probation period, the conduct of the counterparty must be assessed in the light of the 
relevant financial situation (in particular, by verifying the absence of overruns above the relevance 
thresholds). 
3.2.4 Effect of classification on other entities  
Consideration must be given to the possibility of a contagion effect upon the occurrence of an event 
which results in the classification of a counterparty within a group indicating a worsening risk status, 
with consequences in terms of potential default by other entities within the same group. 
In view of the consequences (in terms of materiality) that the classification of a counterparty could 
have on the ability to cover the indebtedness of the other parties of group entities, the evidence of the 
event is classed as a negative symptom or among the prejudicial event, with the relevant 
consequences. 
Any repercussions for other entities arising from the classification of a counterparty therefore 
presuppose that they are separate and financially autonomous legal entities. In particular, in the case of 
relationships established with a sole proprietorship and with the natural person who operates it, given 
the absence of separate legal entities, any classification among non-performing loans will relate to the 
overall exposure. 
With exclusive reference to counterparties with retail exposures (Retail and SME Retail Segments) 
that are linked to counterparties classified as Unlikely To Pay or among Non-performing past due 
exposures, automatic classification criteria are applied if linked relationships exist and where certain 
conditions are met. 
In particular, in the case of the classification of a linked relationship among impaired exposures, the 
exposures of the individual joint holders will also be automatically classified, unless at least one of the 
following conditions has been met: 
a) 
the delay in payment is the result of a dispute between the co-holders which has been 
brought before a court or has been dealt with in another extrajudicial conciliation procedure which has 
resulted in a binding decision, and there is no concern about the financial situation of the individual co-
holders; 
b) 
the credit obligation of the linked relationship represents a minor part of the overall 
exposure of the co-holder.

--- Page 164 ---
162 
 
 
 
 
Outside of these automatic systems, the effects that the classification of a linked relationship among 
non-performing loans may have on the individual co-holders and on any other joint relationships with 
third parties attributable to them must in any case be assessed. 
 
3.3 Exposures Subject to Impaired Concessions – Forbearance measures on non-performing 
loans 
The category of “Forbearance”, relating to exposures subject to re-negotiation due to the client’s 
financial difficulties, is a subset of both non-performing exposures and of performing loans, relating to 
the state of risk of exposure at the time of renegotiation. 
Individual cash exposures and revocable and irrevocable commitments to disburse funds that are, as 
the case may be, bad loans, unlikely-to-pay or among the non-performing past due exposures and that 
are that are subject to forbearance measures are referred to as “exposures subject to impaired 
concessions”. 
This category includes exposures for which the application of tolerance measures has resulted in 
conditions for classification as impaired assets (e.g. debt write-offs). 
The category of “exposures subject to impaired concessions” includes those that come within the 
definition of “Non-performing exposures with forbearance measures” as set out in Annex V, Part 2, 
paragraph 180 of the ITS. 
Concessions do not include agreements - reached between the debtor and a pool of creditor banks - 
whereby existing credit lines are temporarily “frozen” ahead of formal restructuring. 
In the case of restructuring operations carried out by a pool of banks, those not party to the 
restructuring agreement are required to verify whether the conditions for the classification of their 
exposure as non-performing or unlikely-to-pay are met. 
Exposures to debtors who have made an application for a so-called “blank” arrangement with 
creditors are to be classified among those subject to impaired concessions if the application for an 
arrangement is transformed into a debt restructuring agreement pursuant to Article 182-bis of the 
Bankruptcy Act. 
Also in the case of approval of the application for composition with creditors on a going concern 
basis, the exposure must be recognised in the context of exposures subject to impaired concessions, 
except in the case described above of the sale of the business as a going concern or its transfer to one 
or more companies (including newly established companies) that do not belong to the economic group 
of the debtor, in which case the exposure must be reclassified underperforming assets, provided that 
the buyer/transferee is not already classified among the impaired exposures at the time of sale/transfer. 
In order to remove the forborne label from exposures granted to impaired counterparties, a period of 
36 months must elapse for the positions classified as impaired, consisting of: 
- 
a 12-month ‘Cure Period’, calculated from the date of application of the forbearance measure 
or, if later, from the date of entry into a deteriorated state. It should be noted that, in the event that 
the restructuring agreement classed as a forbearance measure provides for a period of suspension 
of payments, a so-called ‘Grace Period’, the calculation of the days of Cure Period will start from 
the date of resumption of payments by the client (i.e. from the date of the end of the period of 
suspension). During the Cure Period, the counterparty's return to performing status will be

--- Page 165 ---
163 
 
 
 
 
prevented, even if the financial difficulty has been overcome. 
During the Cure Period, the regularity of payments on the line covered by the forbearance measure 
must be verified. 
At the end of the 12-month period, the position may be reclassified as performing (by means of a 
specific resolution), provided that: 
 the debtor has not incurred any overruns 
 the debtor has paid a significant amount of principal and interest 
 
 
a further 24 months of the probation period has passed, starting from the counterparty’s return to 
‘performing’ status. In this period, exposures are placed in a special category called “forborne 
performing from non-performing”. At the end of the 24-month Probation Period, the exposure 
can cease to be monitored - and the Forborne label may be cancelled - provided that the above 
conditions are met. 
 
3.4 
Renegotiation and restructuring of the loan if payments are not up to date 
3.4.1 
Renegotiation of outstanding loans - Individuals 
The renegotiation of the interest rate and/or the term of the repayment plan is permitted for clients 
with loans/financing both secured by mortgages and unsecured loans and that are in arrears in terms of 
payments. 
For positions classified as Proactive Credit, past due loans and/or impaired overruns and unlikely -to- 
pay/unlikely-to-pay-forborne, an initial agreement must be reached with the competent Credit and/or 
Management Department on the basis of the relevant concession or management powers, on the 
possibility of proposing renegotiation of the loan/financing to the client. 
The renegotiation enables the loan to be brought back into line and favours its future sustainability by 
restructuring the repayment plan for the residual debt, possibly extending its term, in order to adapt its 
commitments to the client's actual cash flows. 
The renegotiation operation must be approved by the body responsible for the concession, regardless 
of the status of the position. If the renegotiation also involves a waiver, the position must have been 
classified beforehand as unlikely-to-pay and the transaction must be approved by the competent body 
both in terms of concession and management powers. 
For positions classified as non-performing Retail past due exposures, unlikely to pay and unlikely to 
pay forborne, renegotiation can be decided at a minimum level by the Credit Specialist for credit 
management at Regional Headquarters/Divisional Bank of the Local Bank Network. 
The characteristics of this measure are as follows: 
 
the option of including the amount of the instalments due and outstanding together with the 
residual debt with a restructuring of the repayment plan; the client has the option of 
extending the term of the loan up to a further 10 years beyond the original due date, 
observing the limits indicated below; 
 
 
overall term of the loan, including the extension, of not more than 40 years and, for private

--- Page 166 ---
164 
 
 
 
 
clients, provided that the principal debtor is not more than 80 years of age on the new due 
date; 
 
 
exclusively for positions classified as Proactive Credit, overrun/past due, unlikely to 
pay/unlikely to pay forborne, provision can be made for a grace period of not more than 36 
months in which interest-only instalments will be paid, with specific minimum 
authorisation issued by the Regional Headquarters of the Local Bank Networks solely for to 
private  individual  counterparties; 
 
 
for all types of clients, without prejudice to the need as a matter of priority to collect at the 
same time as the renegotiation, in  addition  the portion of interest accrued since the last 
due date up to the day of conclusion of the transaction, of contractual interest accrued on 
the instalments falling due in the last six months and all default interest, with specific 
minimum authorization issued by the Regional Headquarters of the Local Bank Networks  
and, exclusively for positions classified as undergoing reorganization, overrun and 
unlikely-to- pay/unlikely-to-pay forborne, the latter two items (interest accrued in the last 6 
months and default interest) may be deferred on the renegotiated loan. In this case, the 
deferment period 
 may have a maximum term of 36 months and in any event not more than the residual term 
of the renegotiated loan. These items are non-interest-bearing, not subject to default even 
in the event of subsequent insolvency, and will be collected in instalments as of the first 
instalment following that of any interest-only instalment (in the event of a grace period). 
However, no exception to collection is permitted for performing loans or Proactive  Credit. 
This solution has significant implications, since: 
 it allows the burden of repayment of the loan to be remodelled by extending the residual 
term, rendering payment of the relevant instalments sustainable and more consistent with 
actual spending capacity, and is characterised by simplicity and flexibility; 
 it enables the carrying over of irregular situations in compliance with current legislation, 
with particular reference to the recent legislative changes introduced by the Community 
regulator on the subject of “Forborne” exposures. 
In view of the various types of loans and the numerous possibilities for renegotiation, specific 
measures are assessed and decided on in each individual case, specifically taking the borrower’s 
creditworthiness into account, as well as the particular characteristics of the individual loan 
agreements. 
In addition to the usual options to change the duration and type of repayment plan, it is also possible: 
 for positions classified as overrun, unlikely-to-pay and forborne unlikely-to-pay, the 
restructuring of mortgage/purchase loans with payment of part of the principal at the 
maturity date of the last repayment instalment (the so-called balloon plan). 
Use of the balloon plan enables customisation of the repayment plan based on the client's current and 
prospective cash flows. A repayment plan with final balloon payment therefore provides for the 
payment of part of the capital on the last instalment of the repayment plan. The interest generated 
periodically by the balloon fee will be reimbursed together with the loan repayment instalment.

--- Page 167 ---
165 
 
 
 
 
A renegotiation with a balloon option can only be decided on only by the competent Central Office of 
the Chief Lending Officer. 
 for positions classified as unlikely-to-pay/unlikely-to-pay-forborne, the renegotiation of 
mortgage/land loans with partial write-off of the loan: 
 if the position is subject to a specific analytical evaluation, the write-off is allowed within 
the limits of the value adjustments already applied to the position, and without prejudice to 
the limits of the management powers relating to the waiver of receivables; 
 if the position is subject to an analytical evaluation on a statistical basis, the write-off is 
allowed within the limits of the value adjustments applied by automatic methods to the 
position, without prejudice to the limits of the management powers relating to the waiver of 
receivables. 
  as a matter of priority, the write-off must always concern the default interest component. 
The rules for reducing any further written off sums follow the accounting rules for collection 
of the instalment. 
 the LTV ratio of the renegotiated loan must be above 70%. 
A renegotiation with write-off can be decided at the minimum level of Credit Specialist for the 
management of loans of the Regional Headquarters/Divisional Bank of the Local Bank Network. 
3.4.2 
Renegotiation of loans to companies and retail businesses (SME) in arrears 
The renegotiation of the interest rate and/or the term of the repayment plan is permitted for clients 
with loans/financing both secured by mortgages and unsecured loans and that are in arrears in terms of 
payments. 
For positions classified as Proactive Credit, past due loans and/or impaired overruns and unlikely -to- 
pay/unlikely-to-pay-forborne, an initial agreement must be reached with the competent Credit and/or 
Management Department on the basis of the relevant concession or management powers, on the 
possibility of proposing renegotiation of the loan/financing to the client. 
The renegotiation enables the loan to be brought back into line and favours its future sustainability by 
restructuring the repayment plan for the residual debt, possibly extending its term, in order to adapt its 
commitments to the client's actual cash flows. 
The renegotiation operation must be approved by the body responsible for the concession, regardless 
of the status of the position. If the renegotiation also involves a waiver, the position must have been 
classified beforehand as unlikely-to-pay and the transaction must be approved by the competent body 
both in terms of concession and management powers. 
The characteristics of this measure are as follows: 
 the option of including the amount of the instalments due and outstanding together w ith the 
residual debt with a restructuring of the repayment plan; the client has the option of 
extending the term of the loan up to a further 10 years beyond the original due date, with a 
total residual term, including the extension, that does not exceed 30 years; 
 the renegotiation can be re-proposed up to a maximum of 2 times during the life of the loan 
with a total residual term, including the extension, that does not exceed 30 years. The second 
renegotiation is to be considered only in the event of a further deterioration of the clients 
capacity to repay, and is authorised at the minimum level by the Band II Credit Specialist of

--- Page 168 ---
166 
 
 
 
 
the Regional Headquarters of the Local Bank Networks/Band I Credit Specialist of the Local 
Bank Network. 
 a grace period of not more than 36 months may be provided (the period included in the 
extension of the duration granted) during which interest-only instalments are paid. This 
facility can be decided at the minimum level of the Credit Specialist of the Regional 
Headquarters of the Local Bank Networks/Credit Specialist of the Local Bank Network; 
 without prejudice to the need as a matter of priority to collect at the same time as the 
renegotiation, in addition the portion of interest accrued since the last due date up to the day 
of conclusion of the transaction, of contractual interest accrued on the instalments falling due 
in the last six months and all default interest, with specific minimum authorization issued by 
the Regional Headquarters of the Local Bank Networks and, exclusively for positions 
classified as past due loans and/or impaired overruns and unlikely-to-pay/unlikely-to-pay- 
forborne, the latter two items (interest accrued in the last 6 months and default interest) may 
be deferred on the renegotiated loan. In this case, the deferment period may have a 
maximum term of 36 months and in any event not more than the residual term of the 
renegotiated loan. These items are non-interest-bearing, not subject to default even in the 
event of subsequent insolvency and will be collected in instalments as of the first instalment 
following that of any interest-only instalment (in the event of a grace period). However, no 
exception to collection is permitted for performing loans or Proactive Credit 
 The renegotiation is subject to confirmation of the guarantees pertaining to the operation. 
4. MANAGEMENT OF BAD LOANS 
 
4.1 Categorisation as bad loans 
The category of bad loans includes cash and off-balance sheet exposures to a client that is insolvent 
(even if not legally confirmed) or in comparable situations, independently of any loss forecasts by the 
bank. No account is therefore taken of any guarantees (real or personal) put in place to protect the 
exposures. Exposures that are in an anomalous situation due to country risk profiles are excluded. 
The following are included: 
 exposures to local authorities (Municipalities and Provinces) in a state of financial instability 
with respect to the portion subject to the relevant liquidation procedure; 
 receivables acquired from third parties whose main debtors are non-performing, regardless s 
of the portfolio accounting allocation. 
A client must be classified as bad loan: 
 in any event, where one of the following circumstances has occurred: 
a) 
a declaration of bankruptcy or of forced liquidation; 
b) 
initiation of legal proceedings by the Bank in accordance with the procedure laid down in the 
applicable legislation and without prejudice to the specific nature of the positions arising from Intesa 
Sanpaolo Personal Finance; 
c) 
when the number of outstanding instalments exceeds objective limits (12 monthly instalments 
unpaid for all technical forms) with reference to counterparties with instalment financing, except in 
the presence of out-of-court agreements and/or formalised repayment plans; 
 following a thorough evaluation, if the following events have occurred:

--- Page 169 ---
167 
 
 
 
 
d) 
admission to an extraordinary administration procedure, in the event that there are no real 
prospects of restoring the economic-financial and asset equilibrium of entrepreneurial activities; 
e) 
legal proceedings brought by third parties; 
f) 
cessation of business activities; 
g) 
placement in voluntary liquidation; 
h) 
application/admission to composition with creditors if the state of crisis can in fact be 
considered to coincide with the state of insolvency. 
As a general rule, in accordance with regulatory provisions (Risk Centre - Instructions for 
Participating Intermediaries - the Supervisory Authority), recognition as bad loans implies an 
assessment by the intermediary of the overall financial situation of the client and cannot automatically 
result from a mere delay on the part of the client in paying the debt. The assertion of a receivable is 
not in itself a sufficient condition for it to be classed as a bad loan. 
For the purposes of the Transaction, the category of Defaulted Loans will be assigned to loans 
classified as non-performing or those with an Arrears Ratio greater than or equal to: 
     10, in the case of loans with a monthly instalment; 
    4, in the case of loans with a quarterly instalment; 
    2, in the case of loans with a half-yearly instalment. 
Also in the context of the Transaction and this Collection Policy, the “Arrears Ratio” indicates at the 
end of each reference month, the ratio between (a) all amounts due but not paid by way of principal 
and interest (excluding default interest) in relation to the Receivable and (b) the amount of the 
instalment relating to the Receivable itself due immediately before the end of the month. A 
classification as a Defaulted Loan is reversible. 
4.2 MANAGEMENT OF NON PERFORMING LOANS IN “SOFFERENZA” BY THE FIRST  
SPECIAL SERVICER 
Once classified as bad loans, positions are taken over by the relevant internal or external credit 
recovery unit, which immediately adopts the most appropriate recovery initiatives. 
At the time of deciding on credit recovery measures, both the judicial solutions and the extrajudicial 
solutions are carefully assessed in terms of cost-benefit analyses, also taking the financial effect of the 
estimated recovery times into consideration. 
The analysis takes account of all available information, in particular: 
 the verification of the correct formalisation of the contractual forms certifying the existence 
of credit relations with the client (correct conclusion of the loan and guarantees); 
 the risks of revocation/inefficacy of guarantees and/or payments; 
 the up-to-date value of the guarantees; 
 the financial and economic/asset position of the client and any guarantors; 
 the outcome of any initiatives undertaken by the Bank to dialogue with the client (meeting, 
responses to any written communications); 
 the existence of insolvency proceedings.

--- Page 170 ---
168 
 
 
 
 
The wide-ranging powers conferred, particularly for settlements, on the Head of Direzione Centrale 
NPE and on the managers of the recovery units that report to him and to the Servicer (for externally 
managed positions), enables flexible and effective management of the recovery activities. 
Legal actions for the recovery of bad loans are taken: 
 directly, where possible, by ex parte claims (prompt inclusion in the liabilities, declarations 
of receivables in insolvency proceedings, etc.); and 
 by the appointment of external legal counsel for legal actions (e.g. payment orders, levy of 
execution against movable and immovable property, etc.). 
The decision to grant a mandate to an external lawyer is, in principle, a matter for the heads of the 
competent units. As a general rule, any new assignment can only be entrusted to lawyers who are 
listed on the Register and who are signatories to the most recent convention. 
Furthermore, in the case of high-value positions, and in the higher instances of proceedings than the 
first, specific authorisations are required for the choice of an external lawyer and for the proc edural 
strategy to be adopted. 
The relationship with the external legal counsel (governed, including in economic aspects, by an 
agreement) provides for (i) a frequent documentary and informative update on the main aspects of 
interest to the Bank (e.g. debtor’s interest in an extrajudicial settlement of the dispute or the admission 
of the claim to the statement of liabilities) as well as (ii) monitoring of the work of the external 
counsel by legal practitioners, under the supervision and with the aid of the their heads of department. 
With particular regard to recovery procedures typical of positions for a significant amount, when such 
a position is taken, an immediate review is conducted, taking all urgent and necessary measures to 
optimise the possibility of recovery of the loan, including through the acquisition of new guarantees 
(e.g. judicial liens). 
The advisability of submitting an urgent bankruptcy application is also assessed, if it is useful to 
prevent the consolidation of guarantees or measures (e.g. payments) taken by the debtor in favour of 
third parties. 
Following a necessary initial stage dedicated to the more urgent measures of protecting the loan, the 
best operating strategy to be implemented is drawn up in order to maximise recovery of the loan as 
soon as possible. 
From this standpoint, it may be decided: 
 to proceed with direct recovery of the individual loan (judicially or extra judicially); 
 to proceed to ‘without recourse’ assignment of portfolios “en bloc” and of individual 
receivables of a significant amount, to leading national and international operators. 
The choice of one of the above solutions does not, of course, preclude recourse to the others. 
With reference to a possible assignment without recourse of non performing or mixed portfolio, the 
Bank's CFO Area maintains regular contact with the main investors operating in the sector of 
acquisitions of non-performing loans (NPLs) and a list of possible investors. This knowledge of the

--- Page 171 ---
169 
 
 
 
 
market makes it possible, also in the case of assignment of individual loans, to conclude the 
assignment agreement in very short timescales and under the best possible conditions. 
With reference to a possible assignment without recourse of individual bad loans of smaller entity, 
which in any case must be carried out in the interest of the securities holders, it has to be represented 
that subjects delegated by the Servicer maintain regular contact with the main investors operating in 
the sector of acquisitions of non-performing loans (NPLs). This knowledge of the market allows, also 
in the case of assignment of individual loans, to conclude the assignment agreement in very short 
timescales and under the best possible conditions. 
However, if it is deemed preferable and more appropriate to proceed with direct recovery of the loan, 
the following options are available: 
 extrajudicial proceedings 
or 
 judicial proceedings (aimed at individual enforcement and/or insolvency proceedings). 
With regard to loans involving a significant sum, it is often the case that extrajudicial solutions, which 
do not rule out simultaneous recourse to judicial proceedings, are proposed by the debtor itself to the 
entire circle of lending banks. 
During these meetings, the parent company’s policy is generally to avoid recourse to “new finance”, 
as it  always prefers solutions that enable (if possible, also with the contribution of third party 
financial resources) a prompt settlement of the matter, since the time necessary to recover a loan 
obviously represents a burden for the Group banks. 
If extrajudicial recovery is not considered possible or advisable, the advisability of undertaking 
individual enforcement or insolvency proceedings is assessed, depending on the specific situation 
(risks of revocation of guarantees and/or payments or advisability of bankruptcy in order to avoid the 
consolidation of guarantees acquired by third parties). 
If the path of individual enforcement is preferred, every effort is made to enable a prompt sale of 
assets (including the option of assigning the compulsory sale procedure to a notary or other 
professionals). 
In the event of insolvency proceedings, the timescales are less easily controlled but, in such cases also, 
attempts are made to speed up the sale and distribution of the assets, insofar as permitted by 
bankruptcy legislation. 
For the management of bad loans entrusted to the Servicer, ISP OBG S.r.l. is granted powers to be 
exercised independently within the scope of the rights indicated below, including filings and 
appearance in any type of legal action. 
The Servicer will be entitled to perform part of its activities also through the structures of Intesa 
Sanpaolo. 
Collections relating to the loans insured by AmTrust International Ltd 
The payment of indemnities by the insurance company AmTrust International Ltd for high LTV loans 
(LTV from 80.01% to 100% at the time of disbursement of the loan) covered by an insurance policy is 
requested by the Servicer and normally only once all the activities for recovery of the receivables

--- Page 172 ---
170 
 
 
 
 
concerned have been performed (such as, for example, enforcement actions on the assets covered by 
the real estate guarantee, enforcement of any other accessory guarantees, practices relating to the 
compensation of other insured damages and related disputes). 
4.2.1 Guarantee Fund for First Home (Fondo di Garanzia per la Prima Casa) 
The Servicer may request the enforcement of the guarantee and adopt alla and any measures relative 
to the Guarantee Fund for First Home (Fondo di Garanzia per la Prima Casa) initiative , described 
in art. 1, comma 48, letter (c) of the 27 dicember 2013 law, n. 147, of the  interministarial decree dated 
31 July 2014 8 Octtober 2014 Memorandum of understanding between the Economy and Finance 
Ministry and theItalian Bankers Association (ABI), which Intesa Sanpaolo has adhered. 
Rights attributed to the First Special Servicer on bad loans transferred to ISP OBG S.r.l. by 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
A) Rights regarding settlements and waivers of irrecoverable loans 
The First Special Servicer shall be entitled, through its own units and its own employees specifically 
mandated for the purpose, even if seconded by Intesa Sanpaolo Group companies, to: 
 authorise, in respect of individual loans, the write-off of bad loans and settlements involving 
cash or non-cash collections (non-cash settlements are understood as those involving taking 
over of a debt) provided that the waiver (gross amount of the loan minus collection provided 
for, including the possible financial effect of discounting of repayment plans/moratoria) does 
not exceed the sum of €10,000,000 (ten million Euro); this condition does not apply in the 
event of the write-off of bad debts following the closure of individual insolvency and/or 
arrangement proceedings, in the context of value adjustments already approved, which may 
be authorised without any limits on the amount. 
 all of the foregoing authorising: 
 waivers of any condition, within the limits set out above (including by means of the 
assignment of receivables to third parties in any manner and condition), terminations of 
loans, adherence to procedures for composition with creditors, bankruptcy and extraordinary 
administration, as well as debt restructuring agreements, including those provided for in 
Article  182 bis  of  Royal Decree No.  267 of 16 March 1942 (the Bankruptcy Act), 
agreements to recovery plans pursuant to Article 67, paragraph 3 letter d) of the said 
Bankruptcy Law, as well as payment extensions/moratoria, or the application of preferential 
rates (including at a zero rate); 
 waivers of deeds of enforcement, substitutions, cancellations, subordinations, reductions, 
restrictions, divisions into portions of loans or divisions of the relevant mortgages with a 
reduction in guarantee, any other formality relating to the mortgages, registrations, including 
repossession, and liens placed in favour of the Bank, even if the loan has not been 
discharged and the authorisation itself has not been subjected to full settlement of the loan; 
 return of sums as due; 
 waivers relating to the gross value of the loans (sum entered in the accounts gross of any 
write-downs), as disbursements to be made in settlement of third party claims and entry in 
the accounts of sums comprising contingent liabilities and/or non-existence of the claim, 
when it does not constitute a due act. 
 
B) Rights regarding value adjustments

--- Page 173 ---
171 
 
 
 
 
The First Special Servicer is entitled, through its own units and its own employees specifically 
delegated by it, even if seconded by Intesa Sanpaolo Group companies, to authorise adjustments to the 
value of the loans loan up to a maximum amount of €10,000,000 (ten million Euro) in respect of each 
individual  client. 
C) Rights regarding reported tax, judicial and extrajudicial losses 
The First Special Servicer shall be entitled, through its own units and its own employees specifically 
mandated for the purpose, even if seconded by Intesa Sanpaolo Group companies, to: 
 authorise financial statement provisions for judicial and extrajudicial claims made by third 
parties or in the event of risks of loss, up to a maximum amount, per individual litigation, of 
3,000,000 (three million Euro); 
 settle judicial or extrajudicial disputes, or prevent them, by means of disbursements in 
settlement of third party claims, and order the possible entry in the accounts of contingent 
liabilities or waivers of loans (without prejudice in any event to the rights regarding 
settlements and waivers of irrecoverable loans) up to a maximum limit, including interest, 
legal expenses and ancillary costs, per individual case, of €1,000,000 (one million Euro); 
 order payments relating to the aforesaid charges due following orders issued by the judic ial, 
administrative or tax authorities up to a maximum amount of €10,000,000 (ten million Euro) 
per individual case. 
 
D) Rights regarding the payment of duties and taxes 
The First Special Servicer is entitled, through its own units and its own employees specifically 
delegated by it, even if seconded by Intesa Sanpaolo Group companies, to order payments in favour of 
the tax authorities for indirect taxes associated with bad loans (“sofferenze”). 
E) Further rights 
The First Special Servicer is also entitled to authorise any judicial, administrative and enforcement 
action in any competent place and at any level of jurisdiction, with the right to abandon it, to withdraw 
from acts and actions and to accept similar withdrawals or waivers by other parties to the proceedings, 
with all resulting rights and, more generally, to take all necessary measures, in any place, for the best 
protection, including judicial protection, of the loans. 
F) Rights regarding legal expenses 
The First Special Servicer may order expense facilities of up to a limit of €300,000 (three hundred 
thousand Euro) per individual facility. 
4.3 Rights attributed to the Second Special Servicer (if any) on bad loans transferred to ISP 
OBG S.r.l. by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Once the receivables are recorded as Defaulted Loans classified as “in sofferenza”, the Servicer 
communicates the credit position to the Second Special Servicer (if any) by providing information on 
the financial situation of the debtor and/or any guarantors  and submits  all the documentation needed 
to activate the recovery. In communicating to the Second Special Servicer the credit position of the 
Defaulted Loans classified as “in sofferenza”, the Servicer highlights, inter alia, that the relevant 
Defaulted Loans classified as “in sofferenza” relate to the  Programme.

--- Page 174 ---
172 
 
 
 
 
The powers of the Second Special Servicer (if any) in relation to Defaulted Loans classified as “in 
sofferenza” that it manages itself are the same as the powers conferred upon the Second Special 
Servicer in respect of individual customers by certain agreements between Intesa Sanpaolo and the 
Second Special. Such management powers shall be deemed to be amended from time to time in the 
event of subsequent agreements between the companies of Intesa Sanpaolo Group and the Second 
Special Servicer, provided that such powers may not be wider than the powers of the First Special 
Servicer as provided by the Collection Policies. In case of amendments of these powers, the First 
Special Servicer will promptly inform ISP OBG S.r.l. and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
As specified under the Servicing Agreement, the Second Special Servicer (if any) may also avail itself 
of third parties, who will act under its responsibility, to carry out specific servic es relating to the 
management of defaulted loans classified as “in sofferenza”. The power to delegate to such third  
parties is regulated by certain agreements between Intesa Sanpaolo and the Second Special Servic er. 
Even in this case, such powers shall be deemed amended from time to time in the event of subsequent 
agreements between the First Special Servicer and the Second Special Servicer. In case of 
amendments of these powers, the First Special Servicer will promptly inform ISP OBG S.r.l. and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
4. DEFAULTED  SECURITIES  – MONITORING OF EVENT  OF DEFAULTED 
The Servicer shall monitor on a continuing basis the financial performance of the Securities and the 
fulfilment of the Debtors’ obligations in respect of the Securities, and shall classify as Defaulted 
Securities the Securities (i) whose issuer has been classified as “in default”; (ii) that may be 
considered “in default” in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Securities documents 
provided that an acceleration notice has been served by the relevant representative of the noteholders 
or trustee, and (iii) that have been delinquent for more than 30 Business Days starting from the 
maturity date provided for under the relevant Securities documents.”

--- Page 175 ---
173 
 
 
 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) will be direct, unsecured, unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Covered Bond Guarantor 
has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until (i) the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default, service by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bond Guarantor of either an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which 
has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, or (ii) the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event 
of Default and service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Issuer will not be relying on 
payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan in order to pay interest or 
repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as 
applicable, ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders: 
(i) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Tests are intended to ensure that the Portfolio is sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds at 
all times; 
(iii) 
among the Tests: (i) the Nominal Value Test is intended to maintain the sufficiency of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered Bonds and (ii) the Amortisation 
Test is intended to test the sufficiency of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s assets in respect of 
the Covered Bonds following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor;  
(iv) 
extendable maturity provisions are applicable to all Series of Covered Bonds as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Certain of these factors are considered in more detail in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Covered Bond Guarantor guarantees payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount payable in respect of 
the Covered Bonds for any other reason, including any accelerated payment following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event. In this circumstance (and until a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served), the 
Covered Bond Guarantor’s obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for 
Payment Date. 
See paragraph headed "Covered Bond Guarantee" under the section headed "Description of the 
Transaction Documents", as regards the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Under the terms of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Issuer must ensure that the Portfolio 
is in compliance with the Tests described below on each Calculation Date or on any other date on 
which the verification of the Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents.  
If on any Calculation Date the Portfolio is not in compliance with the Mandatory Tests, then the Seller 
which assigned the relevant Portfolio to the Covered Bond Guarantor and, should the relevant Seller 
fail to do so, the other Seller and/or any Additional Sellers (if any), provided that the conditions 
indicated under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement are met, shall sell Eligible Assets or 
Integration Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor in an amount sufficient to allow the Mandatory 
Tests to be met as soon as possible, in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. To 
facilitate such a sale, the relevant Seller and/or the other Sellers and/or any Additional Seller (if any) 
shall grant additional amounts under the relevant Subordinated Loan for the purposes of funding the 
purchase of Eligible Assets or Integration Assets. If a breach of the Mandatory Tests is not remedied

--- Page 176 ---
174 
 
 
 
 
and for so long as such breach is continuing, no further Series of Covered Bonds will be issued and no 
payments under the Subordinated Loan will be effected. 
Tests 
For so long as any Covered Bond remains outstanding and provided that no Issuer Event of Default 
has occurred, the Issuer shall procure that, on a continuing basis (provided that such obligation shall 
be deemed to be complied with if the following mandatory tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date 
and/or on each other date on which those mandatory tests are to be carried out pursuant to the 
provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents), the 
following mandatory tests are satisfied and verified on each Calculation Date or any other date on 
which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
1. 
Nominal Value Test  
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Nominal Value of the Portfolio shall be 
greater than or equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of all Series of Covered Bonds 
(the Nominal Value Test). 
Nominal Value of the Portfolio will be an amount calculated on each Calculation Date by 
applying the following formula (without double-counting): 
Z
Y
C
D
B
A





 
where, 
"A" 
stands for the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage 
Loan, which shall be the lower of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated by 
reference to the relevant Collection Date; and  
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to the Real Estate Asset of the relevant Mortgage Loan 
multiplied by M, 
where  
(a) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.80; 
(b) 
for all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.60, subject 
in any case to the Aggregate Percentage Limitation (as defined under "D" below); and  
(c) 
for all Mortgage Loans that are Defaulted Loans M = 0; 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following reductions to the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio: 
(1) 
a Mortgage Loan (or any Security relating thereto) in relation to which a breach of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Master Transfer Agreement 
has occurred and has not been remedied or which is subject to any indemnity and/or 
repurchase obligation of the relevant Seller or any relevant Additional Seller, and in 
each case any relevant Seller or any relevant Additional Seller, has not repurchased 
the Mortgage Loan or Mortgage Loans (each an Affected Loan) of the relevant 
Debtor, to the extent required by the terms of the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement. In this event, the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio (as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date) 
will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the Adjusted Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loan or Affected Loans (as calculated on 
the relevant Calculation Date); and/or

--- Page 177 ---
175 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
any Seller or any Additional Seller is in breach of any other material warranty under 
the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or any Servicer is in breach of a material 
term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio (as calculated on the 
relevant Calculation Date) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the 
resulting financial loss incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor (such financial loss 
to be calculated by the Covered Bond Guarantor or on its behalf by the Calculation 
Agent without double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in 
kind) to the Covered Bond Guarantor by the Issuer, the Sellers, any Additional Seller 
and/or the Servicers to indemnify the Covered Bond Guarantor for such financial 
loss); 
the amount resulting from the calculations above, multiplied by the Asset Percentage; 
"B" 
stands for the aggregate amount standing to the credit of the Investment Account and 
the principal amount of any Integration Assets (i) not exceeding the Integration 
Assets Limit and (ii) in relation to which a breach of any of the representations and 
warranties contained in the relevant Master Transfer Agreement has not occurred or 
has been remedied; 
"D" 
stands for the principal amount of any other Eligible Asset not indicated under "A" 
above and included in the Portfolio (i) not exceeding (together with any Eligible 
Asset consisting of receivables indicated under Article 2, Paragraph 1 (b) of the MEF 
Decree and/or asset backed securities whose securities receivables are those indicated 
under Article 2, Paragraph 1 (b) of the MEF Decree) 10% of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the assets included in the Portfolio (the Aggregate 
Percentage Limitation), and (ii) in relation to which a breach of any of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Master Transfer Agreement 
has not occurred or has been remedied; 
"C" 
stands for the aggregate amount of all Eligible Investments;  
"Y" 
is equal to (i) nil, if the Issuer’s ratings are at least “BBB (low)” by DBRS, or (ii) the 
Potential Set-Off Amount;; and 
"Z" 
stands for the weighted average remaining maturity (expressed in years) of all 
Covered Bonds then outstanding multiplied by the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor.  
Negative Carry Factor means a percentage (which will never be less than 0.5% or another 
percentage determined by the Issuer and notified to the Calculation Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) calculated by the Calculation Agent on each 
Calculation Date or any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, with reference to the weighted average 
margin of the Covered Bonds. 
2. 
Net Present Value (NPV) Test 
The aggregate Net Present Value of (i) the Eligible Portfolio and (ii) each Asset Swap and 
Liability Swap, net of the Excluded Swaps and the transaction costs to be borne by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (including the payments of any nature expected to be borne or due 
with respect to any Swap Agreement) shall be greater than or equal to the Net Present Value 
of all Series of the outstanding Covered Bonds (the NPV Test). 
Discount Factor means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by 
the Servicer.  
Net Present Value means, as of any relevant date, (i) in respect of (a) the Eligible Portfolio, 
(b) each Asset Swap and Liability Swap and (c) the transaction costs to be borne by the

--- Page 178 ---
176 
 
 
 
 
Covered Bond Guarantor, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of the product of each 
relevant Discount Factor and expected payments (or Euro Equivalent of the expected 
payments) to be received or to be effected by the Covered Bond Guarantor; and (ii) in respect 
of all Series of the outstanding Covered Bonds, an amount equal to the sum of the product of 
each relevant Discount Factor and expected interest and principal payments (or Euro 
Equivalent of such expected payments) to be effected in respect of such Series of outstanding 
Covered Bonds. 
Swap Curve means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance 
with the best market practice and calculated based on market instruments. 
3. 
Interest Coverage Test 
The Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio shall be greater than or equal to the 
Interest Payments (the Interest Coverage Test).  
Euro Equivalent means at any date, in relation to any amount or payment referred to a loan, 
a bond, an agreement or any other asset the amount or payment referred to such loan, bond, 
agreement or asset at such date denominated in Euro where the exchange rate corresponds to 
(i) the current exchange rate fixed by the Servicer in accordance with its usual practice at that 
time for calculating that equivalent should any currency hedging agreement be not in place or 
(ii) the exchange rate indicated in the relevant currency hedging agreement in place. 
Expected Floating Payments means the amount (or the Euro Equivalent amount), 
determined on the basis of the Swap Curve, of expected principal and interest payments from 
the Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio, the expected Swap Agreements floating leg 
payments, or the expected interest payments on outstanding Series of floating rate Covered 
Bonds, as the case may be. 
Fixed Component of the Eligible Portfolio means the Eligible Assets or Integration Assets 
being part of the Eligible Portfolio remunerated on the basis of a fixed rate of interest. 
Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio means the Eligible Assets or Integration 
Assets being part of the Eligible Portfolio remunerated on the basis of a floating rate of 
interest. 
Interest Payments means, as of a Calculation Date or any other relevant date, with reference 
to all following Guarantor Interest Periods up to the last Maturity Date, or Extended Maturity 
Date, as the case may be, an amount equal to the aggregate of (a) expected interest payments 
(or the Euro Equivalent of the expected interest payments) in respect of the outstanding Series 
of Covered Bonds (other than floating rate Covered Bonds) and (b) Expected Floating 
Payments in respect of interest on floating rate Covered Bonds. 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio means, as of a Calculation Date or any 
other relevant date with reference to all (x) following Guarantor Payment Dates, or (y) the 
relevant Guarantor Interest Periods, and (z) the relevant Collection Periods, as the case may 
be, up to the last Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date of any Series of Covered Bonds, 
as the case may be, an amount equal to the difference between (i) and (ii), where: 
(i) 
is equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
interest payments (or the Euro Equivalent of the interest payments) from the 
Fixed Component of the Eligible Portfolio and payments and Expected 
Floating Payments in respect of interest from the Floating Component of the 
Eligible Portfolio received or expected to be received;  
(b) 
any amount expected to be received by the Covered Bond Guarantor as 
payments under the Asset Swaps (which are not Excluded Swaps);

--- Page 179 ---
177 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
any amount (or the Euro Equivalent of any amount) expected to be received 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor as payments under the Liability Swaps 
(which are not Excluded Swaps); and  
(ii) 
is equal to the payments (or the Euro Equivalent of the payments) to be effected in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, by the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
priority to, and including, payments under the Swap Agreements (which are not 
Excluded Swaps).  
For the avoidance of doubt, items under (i)(a) above shall include interest expected to be 
received from the investment, into Eligible Investments, of principal collections arising from 
the expected amortisation of the Eligible Portfolio. 
The Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test and the Interest Coverage Test are jointly defined as the 
Mandatory Tests. 
4. 
Amortisation Test 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Issuer shall procure that, for so long 
as any Covered Bond remains outstanding and following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
and service of a Notice to Pay by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on a continuing 
basis (provided that such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the following test is 
satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which that test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents), the following test is satisfied and verified on each Calculation Date. 
The Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount shall be greater than or equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the Amortisation Test and, together with the Mandatory 
Tests, the Tests). 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount will be an amount calculated on each 
Calculation Date by applying the following formula (without double-counting): 
Z
C
D
B
A




 
where, 
"A" 
stands for the aggregate Amortisation Test Outstanding Principal Balance of each 
Mortgage Loan then in the Portfolio, which shall be the lower of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated by 
reference to the relevant Collection Date; and  
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to the Real Estate Asset of the relevant Mortgage Loan 
multiplied by M, 
where  
(a) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.80; 
(b) 
for all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.60; and  
(c) 
for all Mortgage Loans that are Defaulted Loans M = 0; 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following reductions to the aggregate Amortisation Test Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio: 
(1) 
a Mortgage Loan in relation to which a breach of the representations and warranties 
contained in the relevant Master Transfer Agreement has occurred and has not been 
remedied or which is subject to any indemnity and/or repurchase obligation of the 
relevant Seller or any relevant Additional Seller, and in each case the relevant Seller 
or any relevant Additional Seller, has not repurchased the Mortgage Loan or

--- Page 180 ---
178 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage Loans (each an Affected Loan) of the relevant Debtor, to the extent 
required by the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. In this event, the 
aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Portfolio (as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date) will be deemed to be 
reduced by an amount equal to the Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant Affected Loan or Affected Loans (as calculated on the relevant Calculation 
Date); and/or 
(2) 
any Seller or any Additional Seller is in breach of any other material warranty under 
the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or any Servicer is in breach of a material 
term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio (as calculated on the 
relevant Calculation Date) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the 
resulting financial loss incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor (such financial loss 
to be calculated by the Covered Bond Guarantor or on its behalf by the Calculation 
Agent without double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in 
kind) to the Covered Bond Guarantor by the Issuer, the Sellers, any Additional Seller 
and/or the Servicers to indemnify the Covered Bond Guarantor for such financial 
loss); 
"B" 
stands for the aggregate amount standing to the credit of the Investment Account and 
the principal amount of any Integration Assets in relation to which a breach of any of 
the representations and warranties contained in the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement has not occurred or has been remedied; 
"D" 
stands for the principal amount of any other Eligible Asset not indicated under "A" 
above and included in the Portfolio in relation to which a breach of any of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Master Transfer Agreement 
has not occurred or has been remedied; 
"C" 
stands for the aggregate amount of all Eligible Investments; and 
"Z" 
stands for the weighted average remaining maturity (expressed in years) of all 
Covered Bonds then outstanding multiplied by the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor. 
The Tests are fulfilled in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement. In particular, the 
Amortisation Test will be run only following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, provided 
that such test is structured to ensure that the Portfolio contains sufficient assets to enable the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Compliance with the Tests will be verified by the Calculation Agent and internal risk management 
functions of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (under the supervision of the management body (organo con 
funzione di gestione) of the Issuer) on each Calculation Date and on any other date on which the 
verification of the Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and subsequently checked 
by the Asset Monitor on a semi-annual basis.  
In addition to the above, following the occurrence of a breach of the Tests, based on the information 
provided by the Servicers with reference to the last day of each preceding calendar month (starting 
from the date on which such breach has been notified, and until 6 (six) months after the date on which 
such breach has been cured), the Calculation Agent shall verify compliance with the Tests not later 
than the thirty-fifth calendar day following the end of each preceding calendar month. In addition to 
the terms defined above, for the purposes of this section: 
Asset Percentage means the lower of (i) 9.5% and (ii) such other percentage figure as determined by 
the Issuer on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Rating Agency’s 
methodologies (after procuring the required level of overcollateralisation), and notified using the pro 
forma notice attached under Schedule 1 (Notice of the Asset Percentage) of the Portfolio

--- Page 181 ---
179 
 
 
 
 
Administration Agreement, to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the 
Calculation Agent and the Asset Monitor and the Rating Agency. The Asset Percentage as at 7 April 
2016 is 94.5%. Any adjustment of the Asset Percentage, from that previously notified, will appear 
from the relevant Investor Report as the new Asset Percentage as determined in accordance with th e 
Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Calculation Date means 3rd February, 3rd May, 3rd August and 3rd November in each calendar year 
or, in case such date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day, provided that the first 
Calculation Date will be 5th November 2012. 
Defaulted Assets means any Mortgage Loan which has been classified by the Servicer on behalf of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor as a Defaulted Loan and/or any Security which have been classified by 
the Servicer on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor as a Defaulted Security.  
Defaulted Securities means the Securities which may be classified as defaulted in accordance with 
the provisions of the Collection Policies. 
Defaulted Loan means a Mortgage Loan in relation to which the relevant Receivable is a Defaulted 
Receivable. 
Defaulted Receivable means a Receivable classified as in sofferenza in accordance with the 
provisions of the Collection Policies, as applied in compliance with the provisions of the Bank of 
Italy's supervisory regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza della Banca d'Italia) and in accordance with a 
prudent management of the Receivables carried out with the highest professional standards; and /or, 
with the provisions of the Collection Policies, when the Arrears Ratio is at least equal to (i) 10, in case 
of Mortgage Loans providing for monthly instalments, (ii) 4, in case of Mortgage Loans providing for 
quarterly instalments and (iii) 2, in case of Mortgage Loans providing for semi-annual instalments. 
For the purposes of this definition, Arrears Ratio means, at the end of each monthly reference period, 
the ratio between (a) all amounts due and unpaid as principal and/or interest (excluding any default 
interest) in relation to the relevant Receivable and (b) the amount of the instalment of the relevant 
Receivable which was due immediately prior to the end of that month. Defaulted Securities (Titoli in 
Default) means the Securities which may be classified as defaulted in accordance with the provisions 
of the Collection Policies. 
Eligible Portfolio means the aggregate of Eligible Assets and Integration Assets, without any double 
counting (including any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts (other than the Expenses Account, 
the Corporate Account and the Quota Capital Account), and the Eligible Investments), excluding (a) 
any Defaulted Assets and those Eligible Assets and Integration Assets in relation to which a breach of 
any of the representations and warranties contained in the relevant Master Transfer Agreement has 
occurred and has not been remedied and (b) the aggregate of Integration Assets in excess of the 
Integration Assets Limit. 
Integration Assets Limit means the limit of 15% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the assets included in the Portfolio, set forth under Article 2, Paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, to the integration of the Portfolio through Integration 
Assets.  
Latest Valuation means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to the 
relevant Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance with the 
requirements provided for under the Bank of Italy prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank 
of Italy on 27 December 2006 with Circular no. 263 (as amended and supplemented from time to 
time)) addressed to the Issuer or obtained from an independently maintained valuation model, 
acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
Negative Carry Factor means a percentage (which will never be less than 0.5%) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date or any other date on which the verification of the 
Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, with reference to the weighted 
average margin of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 182 ---
180 
 
 
 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds or any other asset the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding (or the Euro 
Equivalent of the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding) of such loan, bond, Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds or asset at such date. 
Potential Set-Off Amount means with reference to Eligible Assets consisting of Receivables only, 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of such assets included in the Portfolio that could 
potentially be set-off by the relevant Debtors pursuant to Italian law against any credit owed by any 
such Debtor towards the relevant Seller. Such amount, which in any event will never be lower than 
the Net Deposits, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (based on the aggregate information 
provided by the Servicer) on each Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which the Nominal 
Value Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement 
and the other Transaction Documents, except when the Issuer's ratings are at least "BBB (low)" by 
DBRS. 
Set-Off Risk  
Pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, each Servicer has undertaken, upon occurrence 
of an Issuer Downgrade Event, to notify the Rating Agency, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of such events. Further to such downgrade, and for so 
long as the rating is not re-established above such levels, the Potential Set-Off Amount will be 
calculated and factored for the purposes of the Nominal Value Test. Upon occurrence of an Issuer 
Downgrade Event, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Rating Agency of the Potential Set-Off 
Amount on a quarterly basis.

--- Page 183 ---
181 
 
 
 
 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
ACCOUNTS 
The following accounts have been established and shall be maintained with the Receivables Account 
Banks or the Account Banks, as the case may be, as separate accounts in the name of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. The same provision shall be considered applicable, mutatis mutandis, to each of the 
Additional Receivables Account Banks. 
PART A 
The provisions of this Part A shall be applicable to any deposit and withdrawal in respect of the 
Accounts until the Change of Accounts Date (excluded) indicated in the Change of Accounts 
Notice pursuant to Clause 3.4(b) of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. Part A is 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(1) 
The ISP Receivables Collection Account 
Deposits 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. as Servicer shall transfer to the ISP Receivables Collection Account all 
payments and recovery amounts received by it as Servicer and/or by the Special Servicers in relation 
to the Receivables, with value date as of the relevant date of receipt. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank shall transfer any amount 
standing to the credit of the ISP Receivables Collection Account to the ISP Investment 
Account on a daily basis by the day following the relevant day of receipt; 
(b) 
by the 3rd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, Intesa Sanpaolo as 
Receivables Account Bank shall transfer to the ISP Investment Account all amounts of 
interest accrued and credited to the ISP Receivables Collection Account, if any. 
 (3) 
The ISP Securities Collection Accounts  
3.1 
The ISP Interest Securities Collection Account  
Deposits 
All interest amounts paid in relation to the Securities, shall be transferred to the Interest Securities 
Collection Account with value date as of the relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, the Account Bank shall transfer any amount standing to the credit of the 
ISP Interest Securities Collection Account to the ISP Investment Account on a daily basis by 
the day following the relevant day of receipt.  
(b) 
No later than the 5nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank 
shall transfer to the ISP General Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and 
credited to the ISP Interest Securities Collection Account, if any. 
3.2 
The ISP Principal Securities Collection Account  
Deposits 
All principal amounts paid in relation to the Securities (including any proceeds arising from the 
liquidation of the Securities), shall be transferred to the Principal Securities Collection Account with 
value date as of the relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals

--- Page 184 ---
182 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, the Account Bank shall transfer any amount standing to the credit of the 
ISP Principal Securities Collection Account to the ISP Investment Account on a daily basis 
by the day following the relevant day of receipt;  
(b) 
No later than the 5nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank 
shall transfer to the ISP General Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and 
credited to the ISP Principal Securities Collection Account, if any. 
(4) 
The ISP Investment Account 
Deposits  
Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank shall transfer or procure the transfer of the following 
amounts to the ISP Investment Account, on a daily basis by the day following the relevant day of 
receipt: 
(a) 
any amount standing to the credit of the ISP Receivables Collection Account and the ISP 
Securities Collection Accounts; 
(b) 
the funds resulting from the reimbursement or liquidation of the Eligible Investments relating 
to receivables assigned by Intesa Sanpaolo; 
(c) 
the Reserve Fund Required Amount and any other amount to be credited to the ISP 
Investment Account in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments;  
(d) 
any amount standing to the credit of the ISP General Payment Account, after (i) distribution 
in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, or (ii) payments due on the relevant 
CB Payment Dates, or (iii) payments of the purchase price to be paid to Intesa Sanpaolo in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement; 
(e) 
any proceeds arising from the liquidation of Receivables relating to the ISP Portfolio, with 
value date as of the relevant date of receipt, pursuant to the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement and other Transaction Documents; 
(f) 
by the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of interest 
accrued and credited to the ISP Receivables Collection Account, the Expenses Account and 
the Corporate Account and the ISP Securities Collection Accounts; 
(g) 
by the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of interest 
accrued and credited to the ISP Investment Account. 
2 Business Days following the relevant CB Payment Date any amounts paid by the Liability Hedging 
Counterparty under the Liability Swaps shall be received from the ISP Payment Account. 
Withdrawals 
Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank shall transfer the following amounts from the ISP 
Investment Account: 
(a) 
no later than 3 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, any amount standing to 
the credit of the ISP Investment Account equal to the amount of the Available Funds 
indicated in the last available Payment Report (other than the Liability Swap Principal 
Accumulation Amount (as provided for under the Payments Report delivered by the 
Calculation Agent) and other than any amount received under the Asset Swap), shall be 
transferred to the ISP Payment Account;  
(b) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn), any amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB Payment 
Date shall be transferred to the ISP General Payment Account;

--- Page 185 ---
183 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
no later than 10 Business Days after the First Issue Date, an amount equal to Euro 70,000 
shall be transferred to the Expenses Account; 
(d) 
no later than 10 Business Days after the First Issue Date, an amount equal to Euro 30,000 
shall be transferred to the Corporate Account. 
 
(6) 
The ISP Payment Account 
Deposits  
Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank shall transfer, or procure the transfer of, or shall 
receive by the Asset Hedging Counterparty, the following amounts into the ISP Payment Account: 
(a) 
3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date:  
 
(i) 
any amounts to be paid by the Asset Hedging Counterparty under the Asset Swaps;  
(ii) 
any amounts (to the extent of the Interest Available Funds or Principal Available 
Funds as the case may be) standing to the credit of the ISP Investment Account; 
(b) 
2 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date any amounts to be paid by the 
Liability Hedging Counterparty under the Liability Swaps,  
(c) 
the Issuer shall credit the Reserve Fund Required Amount on the date on which the reserve is 
constituted; not later than 5 business days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Issuer 
shall credit the relevant integration if any, to the Reserve Fund Required Amount, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
no later than 2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, any amounts standing to 
the credit of the ISP Payment Account shall be transferred to the ISP General Payment 
Account; 
(b) 
2 Business Days following the relevant CB Payment Date any amounts relating the Liability 
Swap will be transferred by the Cash Manager to the ISP Investment Account. 
 (8) 
The ISP Securities Account 
Deposits  
Intesa Sanpaolo as Account Bank will deposit and keep in the ISP Securities Account all the Eligible 
Assets and Integration Assets consisting of securities (other than the Eligible Investments), further to 
the relevant purchase in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Withdrawals 
All Eligible Assets and Integration Assets consisting of securities (other than the Eligible 
Investments) will be (a) liquidated in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, or (b) sold to the relevant Seller in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement, and 
the proceeds thereof shall be credited by Intesa Sanpaolo as Account Bank to the Investment Account. 
(9) 
The ISP Eligible Investments Account 
Deposits 
Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank will deposit all securities constituting Eligible 
Investments purchased by the Cash Manager on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor with the 
amounts standing to the credit of the ISP Investment Account other than the Reserve Fund Required 
Amount in the ISP Eligible Investments Account pursuant to any order of the Cash Manager.

--- Page 186 ---
184 
 
 
 
 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
No later than 6 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all the Eligible 
Investments standing to the credit of the ISP Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated 
and proceeds thereof shall be credited to the ISP Investment Account; 
(b) 
No later than 6 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date falling after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), all the Eligible Investments standing to the 
credit of the ISP Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated and proceeds thereof shall 
be credited by Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank to the ISP Investment Account. 
 (11) 
The Quota Capital Account 
Deposits 
All the sums contributed by the Quotaholders as quota capital of the Covered Bond Guarantor and all 
interest accrued from time to time thereon. 
Withdrawals 
Upon liquidation of the Covered Bond Guarantor, all sums standing to the credit of the Quota Capital 
Account shall be distributed in accordance with the financial statements prepared by the liquidator of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
(12) 
The Expenses Account 
Deposits 
The Account Bank shall transfer the following amounts into the Expenses Account: 
(i) 
no later than 10 Business Days after the First Issue Date, an amount equal to Euro 70,000;  
(ii) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date falling in February of each calendar year, an amount equal to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount.  
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account to pay all general expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme (the Expenses), other than corporate costs and expenses of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. 
On the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank shall transfer to 
the Investment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Expenses Account. 
(13) 
The Corporate Account 
Deposits  
The Account Bank shall transfer the following amounts into the Corporate Account: 
(i) 
no later than 10 Business Days after the First Issue Date an amount equal to Euro 30,000; 
(ii) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date falling in February of each calendar year, an amount equal to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount. 
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Corporate Account to pay all the corporate expenses which are 
due and payable from time to time.

--- Page 187 ---
185 
 
 
 
 
On the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank shall transfer to 
the Investment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Corporate Account. 
(14) 
The ISP General Payment Account 
Deposits  
Intesa Sanpaolo as Account Bank shall transfer, or procure the transfer of, or the following amounts 
shall be paid into, the ISP General Payment Account: 
(a) 
no later than 2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, any amount standing to 
the credit of the Payment Accounts;   
(b) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn), from the ISP Investment Account, any amount to be paid under the 
Covered Bonds on such CB Payment Date; 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager will execute payments or credit the 
relevant amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments (including the 
purchase price of Eligible Assets and Integration Assets funded through Available Funds), 
provided that on the Business Day immediately following each Guarantor Payment Date, any 
remaining amount will be transferred to the ISP Investment Accounts and the other 
Investment Accounts open with any Additional Receivables Account Bank (in respective 
amounts as determined by the Calculation Agent and indicated in the Payments Report);  
(b) 
1 Business Day prior to each CB Payment Date (or on each CB Payment Date, if so agreed 
between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Paying Agent) falling after an Issuer 
Event of Default, an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn) or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Cash Manager will 
transfer to the Paying Agent the amounts necessary to execute payments of interest and 
principal due in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Default Priority of Payments or Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments (as the case may 
be);  
(c) 
2 Business Days following the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, any amounts in excess, after 
payments of the amounts mentioned above, will be transferred by the Cash Manager to the 
ISP Investment Accounts and the other Investment Accounts open with any Additional 
Receivables Account Bank (in respective amounts as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and indicated in the Payments Report). 
 
 
PART B  
The provisions of this Part B shall be applicable to any deposit and withdrawal in respect of the 
Accounts from the Change of Accounts Date (included) indicated in the Change of Accounts 
Notice pursuant to Clause 3.4(b) of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
(1) 
The ISP Receivables Collection Account  
Deposits 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. as Servicer shall transfer to the ISP Receivables Collection Account all 
payments and recovery amounts received by it as Servicer and/or by the Special Servicers in relation 
to the Receivables, with value date as of the relevant date of receipt. 
Withdrawals

--- Page 188 ---
186 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank shall transfer any amount 
standing to the credit of the ISP Receivables Collection Account to the CACIB Collection 
Account/ISP on a daily basis by the day following the relevant day of receipt; 
(b) 
by the 3rd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, Intesa Sanpaolo as 
Receivables Account Bank shall transfer to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP all amounts 
of interest accrued and credited to the ISP Receivables Collection Account, if any. 
 (3) 
The CACIB Collection Account/ISP 
Deposits 
Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank shall transfer to the CACIB Collection Account/ISP 
any amount standing to the credit of the ISP Receivables Collection Account on a daily basis by the 
day following the relevant day of receipt, with value date the date of receipt. 
Withdrawals  
CACIB as Account Bank shall transfer any amount standing to the credit of the CACIB Collection 
Account/ISP to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP on a daily basis by the day following the relevant 
day of receipt. 
 (5) 
The CACIB Securities Collection Accounts  
5.1 
The CACIB Interest Securities Collection Account  
Deposits 
All interest amounts paid in relation to the Securities, shall be transferred to the CACIB Interest 
Securities Collection Account with value date as of the relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, CACIB shall transfer any amount standing to the credit of the CACIB 
Interest Securities Collection Account to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP on a daily basis 
by the day following the relevant day of receipt;  
(b) 
No later than the 5nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, CACIB shall 
transfer to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP all amounts of interest accrued and credited to 
the CACIB Interest Securities Collection Account, if any. 
5.2 
The CACIB Principal Securities Collection Account 
Deposits 
All principal amounts paid in relation to the Securities (including any proceeds arising from the 
liquidation of the Securities), shall be transferred to the CACIB Principal Securities Collection 
Account with value date as of the relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, the CACIB shall transfer any amount standing to the credit of the 
CACIB Principal Securities Collection Account to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP on a 
daily basis by the day following the relevant day of receipt;  
(b) 
No later than the 5nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the CACIB shall 
transfer to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP all amounts of interest accrued and credited to 
the CACIB Principal Securities Collection Account, if any. 
(6) 
The CACIB Investment Account/ISP  
Deposits

--- Page 189 ---
187 
 
 
 
 
CACIB as Account Bank shall transfer, or procure the transfer of the following amounts to the 
CACIB Investment Account/ISP: 
(a) 
any amount standing to the credit of the CACIB Collection Account/ISP and CACIB 
Securities Collection Account;  
(b) 
the funds resulting from the reimbursement or liquidation of the Eligible Investments relating 
to receivables assigned by Intesa Sanpaolo;  
(c) 
the Reserve Fund Required Amount and any other amount to be credited to the CACIB 
Investment Account/ISP in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments;  
(d) 
any amount standing to the credit of the CACIB Payment Account, after (i) distribution in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payment, or (ii) payments due on the relevant CB 
Payment Dates, or (iii) payments of the purchase price to be paid to Intesa Sanpaoloin 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement; 
(e) 
any proceeds arising from the liquidation of Receivables relating to the ISP portfolios, with 
value date as of the relevant date of receipt, pursuant to the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement and other Transaction Documents;  
(f) 
by the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of interest 
accrued and credited to the CACIB Collection Account/ISP and on the ISP Receivables 
Collection Account; 
(g) 
by the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of interest 
accrued and credited to the Expenses Account, the Corporate Account, CACIB Securities 
Collection Accounts and the CACIB Payment Account;  
(h) 
by the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of interest 
accrued and credited to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP.  
Withdrawals 
CACIB shall transfer the following amounts from the CACIB Investment Account/ISP: 
(a) 
no later than 2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, any amount standing to 
the credit of the CACIB Investment Account/ISP equal to the amount of the Available F unds 
indicated in the last available Payment Report, other than the Liability Swap Principal 
Accumulation Amount (as provided for under the Payments Report delivered by the 
Calculation Agent) and other than any amount received under the Asset Swap, shall be 
transferred to the CACIB Payment Account;  
(b) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn), any amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB Payment 
Date shall be transferred to the CACIB Payment Account. 
(7) 
The CACIB Payment Account 
Deposits  
CACIB shall transfer, or procure the transfer of, or shall receive by the relevant Receivables 
Collection Account Bank, the following amounts which shall be paid into the CACIB Payment 
Account: 
(a) 
2 (two) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date any amounts (to the extent of 
the Interest Available Funds or Principal Available Funds as the case may be) standing to the 
credit of the CACIB Investment Account/ISP; 
(b) 
 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date any amounts to be paid by the 
Asset Hedging Counterparties under the Asset Swaps;

--- Page 190 ---
188 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
2 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date any amounts to be paid by the 
Liability Hedging Counterparty under the Liability Swaps; 
(d) 
not later than 5 business days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Issuer shall credit the 
relevant integration if any, to the Reserve Fund Required Amount, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
2 (two) Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
(which has not been withdrawn), from the CACIB Investment Account/ISP any amount to be 
paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB Payment Date. 
 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, CACIB will execute payments or credit the relevant 
amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments (including the purchase price 
of Eligible Assets and Integration Assets funded through Available Funds), provided that on 
the Business Day immediately following each Guarantor Payment Date, any remaining 
amount will be transferred to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP (in respective amounts as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and indicated in the Payments Report);  
(b) 
1 Business Day prior to each CB Payment Date (or on each CB Payment Date, if so agreed 
between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Paying Agent) falling after an Issuer 
Event of Default, an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn) or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the CACIB will transfer 
to the Paying Agent the amounts necessary to execute payments of interest and principal due 
in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payments or Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments (as the case may be);  
(c) 
2 Business Days following the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, any amounts in excess, after 
payments of the amounts mentioned above, will be transferred by CACIB to the CACIB 
Investment Account/ISP (in respective amounts as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
indicated in the Payments Report); 
(d) 
2 Business Days following the relevant CB Payment Date any amounts relating the Liability 
Swap will be transferred by the CACIB to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP.  
(8) 
The CACIB Securities Account  
Deposits  
CACIB will deposit and keep in the CACIB Securities Account all the Eligible Assets and Integration 
Assets consisting of securities (other than the Eligible Investments), further to the relevant purchase in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Withdrawals 
All Eligible Assets and Integration Assets consisting of securities (other than the Eligible 
Investments) will be (a) liquidated in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, or (b) sold to the relevant Seller in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement, and 
the proceeds thereof shall be credited by CACIB to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP. 
(10) 
The CACIB Eligible Investments Account/ISP 
Deposits 
Pursuant to any instruction of the Cash Manager, CACIB will deposit all securities constituting 
Eligible Investments purchased on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor with the amounts standing

--- Page 191 ---
189 
 
 
 
 
to the credit of the CACIB Investment Account/ISP other than the Reserve Fund Required Amount in  
the ISP Eligible Investments Account pursuant to any order of the Cash Manager.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
No later than 6 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all the Eligible 
Investments standing to the credit of the CACIB Eligible Investments Account/ISP will be 
liquidated and proceeds thereof shall be credited to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP; 
(b) 
No later than 6 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date falling after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), all the Eligible Investments standing to the 
credit of the CACIB Eligible Investments Account/ISP will be liquidated and proceeds 
thereof shall be credited by CACIB to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP. 
 (12) 
The Quota Capital Account 
Deposits 
All the sums contributed by the Quotaholders as quota capital of the Covered Bond Guarantor and all 
interest accrued from time to time thereon. 
Withdrawals 
Upon liquidation of the Covered Bond Guarantor, all sums standing to the credit of the Quota Capital 
Account shall be distributed in accordance with the financial statements prepared by the liquidator of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
(13) 
The Expenses Account 
Deposits 
The Account Bank shall transfer into the Expenses Account on the Guarantor Payment Date falling in 
February of each calendar year, an amount equal to the Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement 
Amount.  
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account to pay all general expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme (the Expenses), other than corporate costs and expenses of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. 
On the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Relevant Account Bank shall 
transfer to the CACIB Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Expenses 
Account. 
(14) 
The Corporate Account 
Deposits  
The Account Bank shall transfer into the Corporate Account on the Guarantor Payment Date falling in 
February of each calendar year, an amount equal to the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount. 
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Corporate Account to pay all the corporate expenses which are 
due and payable from time to time. 
On the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank shall transfer to 
the CACIB Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Corporate Account.

--- Page 192 ---
190 
 
 
 
 
 
PART C 
The provisions of this Part C shall be applicable to any deposit and withdrawal in respect of the 
Accounts from the date on which Intesa Sanpaolo sends to CACIB a notice communicating its 
proposal to replace Part B above with this Part C as of the date which will be contemplated 
therein, in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
(1) 
The ISP Receivables Collection Account  
Deposits 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. as Servicer shall transfer to the ISP Receivables Collection Account all 
payments and recovery amounts received by it as Servicer and/or by the Special Servicers in relation 
to the Receivables, with value date as of the relevant date of receipt. 
Withdrawals  
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank shall transfer any amount 
standing to the credit of the ISP Receivables Collection Account to the CACIB Collection 
Account/ISP on a daily basis by the day following the relevant day of receipt; 
(b) 
by the 3rd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, Intesa Sanpaolo as 
Receivables Account Bank shall transfer to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP all amounts 
of interest accrued and credited to the ISP Receivables Collection Account, if any. 
(2) 
The CACIB Collection Account/ISP 
Deposits 
(a) 
Intesa Sanpaolo as Receivables Account Bank shall transfer to the CACIB Collection 
Account/ISP any amount standing to the credit of the ISP Receivables Collection Account on 
a daily basis by the day following the relevant day of receipt, with value date the date of 
receipt.  
(b) 
any amount received on any Guarantor Payment Date after distribution in accordance with the 
applicable Priorities of Payment, shall be received from the CACIB Investment Account /ISP 
within 2 Business Days; 
(c) 
any amounts paid by the Liability Hedging Counterparty under the Liability Swaps shall be 
received from the CACIB Payment Account 2 Business Days after each relevant CB Payment 
Date; 
Withdrawals  
CACIB as Account Bank shall transfer to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP: 
(a) 
6 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date any amount standing to the credit of 
the CACIB Collection Account/ISP as Available Funds (other than any amount received 
under the Asset Swap, or as accrued interest under the other accounts or as the Reserve Fund 
Required Amount), indicated in the last available Payment Report;  
(b) 
prior to such date any amount standing to the credit of the CACIB Collection Account/ISP 
upon receiving instructions by the Cash Manager;  
(c) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn), any amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB Payment 
Date. 
(3) 
The CACIB Securities Collection Accounts

--- Page 193 ---
191 
 
 
 
 
5.1 
The CACIB Interest Securities Collection Account  
Deposits 
All interest amounts paid in relation to the Securities, shall be transferred to the CACIB Interest 
Securities Collection Account with value date as of the relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, CACIB shall transfer any amount standing to the credit of the CACIB 
Interest Securities Collection Account to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP on a daily basis 
by the day following the relevant day of receipt;  
(b) 
No later than the 5nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, CACIB shall 
transfer to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP all amounts of interest accrued and credited to 
the CACIB Interest Securities Collection Account, if any. 
5.2 
The CACIB Principal Securities Collection Account 
Deposits 
All principal amounts paid in relation to the Securities (including any proceeds arising from the 
liquidation of the Securities), shall be transferred to the CACIB Principal Securities Collection 
Account with value date as of the relevant date of receipt.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
Subject to (b) below, the CACIB shall transfer any amount standing to the credit of the 
CACIB Principal Securities Collection Account to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP on a 
daily basis by the day following the relevant day of receipt;  
(b) 
No later than the 5nd Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the CACIB shall 
transfer to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP all amounts of interest accrued and credited to 
the CACIB Principal Securities Collection Account, if any. 
(4) 
The CACIB Investment Account/ISP  
Deposits  
CACIB as Account Bank shall transfer, or procure the transfer of the following amounts to the 
CACIB Investment Account/ISP: 
(a) 
any Available Funds (other than any amount received under the Asset Swap, or as accrued 
interest under the other accounts or as the Reserve Fund Required Amount) indicated in the 
last available Payment Report standing to the credit of the CACIB Collection Account/ISP,  
(b) 
the funds resulting from the reimbursement or liquidation of the Eligible Investments relating 
to receivables assigned by Intesa Sanpaolo;  
(c) 
the Reserve Fund Required Amount and any other amount to be credited to the CACIB 
Investment Account/ISP in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments;  
(d) 
any amount standing to the credit of the CACIB Payment Account, after (i) distribution in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payment, or (ii) payments due on the relevant CB 
Payment Dates, or (iii) payments of the purchase price to be paid to Intesa Sanpaolo in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement; 
(e) 
any proceeds arising from the liquidation of Receivables relating to the ISP portfolios, with 
value date as of the relevant date of receipt, pursuant to the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement and other Transaction Documents;  
(f) 
by the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of interest 
accrued and credited to the CACIB Securities Collection Accounts;

--- Page 194 ---
192 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
by the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of interest 
accrued and credited to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP; 
(h) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn), any amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB Payment 
Date shall be received from the CACIB Collection Account/ISP. 
Withdrawals 
CACIB shall transfer the following amounts from the CACIB Investment Account/ISP: 
(a) 
no later than 2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, any amount standing to 
the credit of the CACIB Investment Account/ISP equal to the amount of the Available Funds 
indicated in the last available Payment Report, other than (i) the Liability Swap Principal 
Accumulation Amount (as provided for under the Payments Report delivered by the 
Calculation Agent) (ii) any amount received under the Asset Swap (iii) the relevant 
integration if any, to the Reserve Fund Required Amount, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent and (iv) interest accrued on the other accounts, shall be transferred to the CACIB 
Payment Account;  
(b) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn), any amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB Payment 
Date shall be transferred to the CACIB Payment Account. 
(c) 
any amount received from the CACIB Payment Account after any Guarantor payment Date 
after distribution in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payment, shall be transferred 
within 2 Business Days to the CACIB Collection Account/ISP,other than the Reserve Fund 
Required Amount. 
(5) 
The CACIB Payment Account 
Deposits  
CACIB shall transfer, or procure the transfer of, or shall receive by the relevant Receivables 
Collection Account Bank, the following amounts which shall be paid into the CACIB Payment 
Account: 
(a) 
2 (two) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date any amounts (to the extent of 
the Interest Available Funds or Principal Available Funds as the case may be) standing to the 
credit of the CACIB Investment Account/ISP; 
(b) 
 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date any amounts to be paid by the 
Asset Hedging Counterparties under the Asset Swaps;   
(c) 
2 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date any amounts to be paid by the 
Liability Hedging Counterparty under the Liability Swaps; 
(d) 
not later than 5 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Issuer shall credit 
the relevant integration if any, to the Reserve Fund Required Amount, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(e) 
by the 6th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of interest 
accrued and credited to the to the Expenses Account, the Corporate Account and all the 
Receivables Collection Accounts; 
(f) 
2 (two) Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
(which has not been withdrawn), from the Relevant CA- CIB Investment Accounts any 
amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB Payment Date;

--- Page 195 ---
193 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
by the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all amounts of interest 
accrued and credited to the CACIB Payment Account. 
Withdrawals 
(a) 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, CACIB will execute payments or credit the relevant 
amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments (including the purchase price 
of Eligible Assets and Integration Assets funded through Available Funds), provided that on 
the Business Day immediately following each Guarantor Payment Date, any remaining 
amount will be transferred to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP (in respective amounts as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and indicated in the Payments Report);  
(b) 
1 Business Day prior to each CB Payment Date (or on each CB Payment Date, if so agreed 
between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Paying Agent) falling after an Issuer 
Event of Default, an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn) or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, CACIB will transfer to 
the Paying Agent the amounts necessary to execute payments of interest and principal due in 
relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority 
of Payments or Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments (as the case may be);  
(c) 
2 Business Days following the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, any amounts in excess, after 
payments of the amounts mentioned above, will be transferred by CACIB to the CACIB 
Investment Accounts/ISP (in respective amounts as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
indicated in the Payments Report);  
(d) 
2 Business Days following the relevant CB Payment Date any amounts relating the Liability 
Swap will be transferred by the CACIB to the CACIB Collection Account/ISP.  
(6) 
The CACIB Securities Account  
Deposits  
CACIB will deposit and keep in the CACIB Securities Account all the Eligible Assets and Integration 
Assets consisting of securities (other than the Eligible Investments), further to the relevant purchase in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Withdrawals 
All Eligible Assets and Integration Assets consisting of securities (other than the Eligible 
Investments) will be (a) liquidated in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, or (b) sold to the relevant Seller in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement, and 
the proceeds thereof shall be credited by CACIB to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP. 
(7) 
The CACIB Eligible Investments Account/ISP 
Deposits 
Pursuant to any instruction of the Cash Manager, CACIB will deposit all securities constituting 
Eligible Investments purchased on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor with the amounts standing 
to the credit of the CACIB Investment Account/ISP other than the Reserve Fund Required Amount in 
the ISP Eligible Investments Account pursuant to any order of the Cash Manager.  
Withdrawals 
(a) 
No later than 6 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, all the Eligible 
Investments standing to the credit of the CACIB Eligible Investments Account/ISP will be 
liquidated and proceeds thereof shall be credited to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP. 
(b) 
No later than 6 Business Days prior to each relevant CB Payment Date falling after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), all the Eligible Investments standing to the

--- Page 196 ---
194 
 
 
 
 
credit of the CACIB Eligible Investments Account/ISP will be liquidated and proceeds 
thereof shall be credited by CACIB to the CACIB Investment Account/ISP. 
 
(8) 
The Quota Capital Account 
Deposits 
All the sums contributed by the Quotaholders as quota capital of the Covered Bond Guarantor and all 
interest accrued from time to time thereon. 
Withdrawals 
Upon liquidation of the Covered Bond Guarantor, all sums standing to the credit of the Quota Capital 
Account shall be distributed in accordance with the financial statements prepared by the liquidator of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
(9) 
The Expenses Account 
Deposits 
The Account Bank shall transfer into the Expenses Account on the Guarantor Payment Date falling in 
February of each calendar year, an amount equal to the Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement 
Amount.  
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account to pay all general expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme (the Expenses), other than corporate costs and expenses of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. 
On the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Relevant Account Bank shall 
transfer to the CACIB Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Expenses 
Account. 
(10) 
The Corporate Account 
Deposits  
The Account Bank shall transfer into the Corporate Account on the Guarantor Payment Date falling in 
February of each calendar year, an amount equal to the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount. 
Withdrawals 
The Account Bank shall utilise, upon the instructions of the Administrative Services Provider, the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Corporate Account to pay all the corporate expenses which are 
due and payable from time to time. 
On the 4th Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Account Bank shall transfer to 
the CACIB Payment Account all amounts of interest accrued and credited to the Corporate Account.

--- Page 197 ---
195 
 
 
 
 
CASH FLOWS 
This section summarises the cash flows of the Covered Bond Guarantor only, as to the allocation and 
distribution of amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts and their order of priority (all such 
orders of priority, the Priority of Payments) (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following an Issuer Event of Default but prior to a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default and (c) following a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
1. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to 
Pay (or following the withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay), the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
use Interest Available Funds to make payments due on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make 
provisions towards payments due after such Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) 
(the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments): 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any and all 
taxes due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor;  
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
Covered Bond Guarantor’s documented fees, costs, expenses, in order to preserve its 
corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable legislation 
and any other obligation relating to the Programme, to the extent that such costs and expenses 
are not to be paid under any other item ranking junior hereto and/or are not met by utilising 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account and/or the Corporate Account 
and (b) to credit the Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount into the Expenses 
Account and the Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount into the Corporate Account; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any amount 
due and payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Paying Agent, the Receivables 
Account Banks, the Master Servicer, the Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First 
Special Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the Swap Service Providers and the Special Servicers;  
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payments, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, under the Asset Swaps, if any or applicable, (b) to pay any Hedging 
Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Liability Swaps, if any or applicable; 
(v) 
fifth, to credit to the ISP Investment Account an amount equal to the Reserve Fund Required 
Amount; 
(vi) 
sixth, to credit to the Investment Account an amount equal to the amounts paid under item (i) 
of the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments on any preceding Guarantor Payment 
Date and not yet repaid; 
(vii) 
seventh, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, to credit all remaining Interest 
Available Funds to the Investment Account until such Servicer Termination Event is either 
remedied by the relevant Servicer or waived by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or a new servicer is appointed to service the Portfolio; 
(viii) 
eighth, if any of the Tests is not satisfied on the Calculation Date immediately preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date or an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default has occurred on or prior to such Guarantor Payment Date or the Issuer has 
not paid interest and principal due on the CB Payment Dates falling in the immediately

--- Page 198 ---
196 
 
 
 
 
preceding Guarantor Interest Period or on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to credit all 
remaining Interest Available Funds to the Investment Account until the following Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay any amount arising out of any termination event under any Swap Agreements 
not provided for under item (iv) above; 
(x) 
tenth, to pay any other amount due and payable to the Sellers, the Additional Sellers (if any) 
or the Issuer under any Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement);  
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any 
amount due and payable as Base Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loans; 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay any Additional Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loans.   
3. 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following either an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or an Issuer Event of Default, but prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default, the Covered Bond Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make payments due 
on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make provisions towards payments due after such Guarantor 
Payment Date in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full) (the Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payments): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
expenses and taxes, in order to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in good 
standing and to comply with applicable legislation; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Account 
Banks, the Cash Manager, the Administrative Services Provider, the Calculation Agent, the 
Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Paying Agent, the Receivables Account Banks, the 
Servicers, the Master Servicer, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special Servicer’s 
Delegates (if any), the Swap Service Providers and the Special Servicers, and (b) to credit the 
Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount into the Expenses Account and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor Retention Amount into the Corporate Account;  
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, under the Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, 
other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
Liability Swaps, where the Issuer does not serve as Hedging Counterparty, and (c) to pay any 
interest amount due and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date 
falling on such Guarantor Payment Date or to credit to the Investment Account an amount 
equal to the Interest Accumulation Amount, to be used for any interest payment due on the 
CB Payment Dates falling during the immediately following Guarantor Interest Period 
(except if the relevant CB Payment Date falls on the first day of such immediately following 
Guarantor Interest Period), in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payment in respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date under the Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, in respect of principal, 
due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the Liability Swaps (if any) or to 
credit to the Investment Account an amount equal to the Liability Swap Principal 
Accumulation Amount to be used for Hedging Senior Payments under the Liability Swaps (if 
any) during the next following Guarantor Interest Period, and (c) to pay any amount in respect

--- Page 199 ---
197 
 
 
 
 
of principal due and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date 
falling on such Guarantor Payment Date or to credit to the Investment Account any amount in 
respect of principal to be paid on each CB Payment Dates falling during the next following 
Guarantor Interest Period; 
(v) 
fifth, to deposit on the Investment Account any residual amount until all Covered Bonds are 
fully repaid or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of 
Covered Bonds outstanding has been accumulated; 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
arising out of any termination event under any Swap Agreement not provided for under items 
(iii) and (iv) above; 
(vii) 
seventh, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been repaid in 
full or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered 
Bonds outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any other amount due and payable to the Sellers, the Additional 
Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement); 
(viii) 
eighth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been repaid in 
full or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered 
Bonds outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due as Base Interest Amount under the Subordinated 
Loans; 
(ix) 
ninth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been repaid in 
full or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered 
Bonds outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due as principal under the Subordinated Loans; 
(x) 
tenth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been repaid in full 
or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds 
outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due as Additional Interest Amount under the Subordinated 
Loans. 
4. 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (or a receiver appointed on its behalf) will use the 
Available Funds to make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to 
the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) (the Post-Guarantor Default 
Priority of Payments): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
expenses and taxes; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay any 
amounts due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Account 
Banks, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Administrative Services Provider, the 
Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Receivables Account Banks, the Servicers, the 
Master Servicer, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special Servicer’s Delegates (if 
any), the Swap Service Providers and the Special Servicers, and (b) to credit an amount up to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount into the Expenses Account and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount into the Corporate Account;

--- Page 200 ---
198 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, under the Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payments, 
other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
Liability Swaps where the Issuer does not serve as Hedging Counterparty and (c) to pay any 
amount, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds;  
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payment in respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date, under the Asset Swaps, (b) to pay any amount in respect of principal due and payable 
under each Series of Covered Bonds on such Guarantor Payment Date and (c) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payments in respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date under the Liability Swaps (if any); 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
arising out of any termination event under any Swap Agreements not provided for under 
items (iii) and (iv) above;  
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any other 
amount due and payable to the Sellers, the Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any 
Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due as Base Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loans; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amounts due as principal under the Subordinated Loans; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due as Additional Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loans.

--- Page 201 ---
199 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds to the Issuer from the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will be used by Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group for general funding purposes.

--- Page 202 ---
200 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
1. 
Master Transfer Agreement 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the Sellers assigned and transferred the Initial Portfolio 
comprising certain Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor, without 
recourse (pro soluto) and in accordance with Law 130. Furthermore, the Sellers and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor agreed that the Sellers may assign and transfer Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets to the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time, on a revolving basis, in the cases and 
subject to the limits for the transfer of further Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets.  
Assignment of Further Portfolios 
For each assignment of a Further Portfolio, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay the relevant Seller 
an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all the Individual Purchase Prices of each Receivable 
and/or Security included in such Further Portfolio, to be calculated in accordance with the provisions 
set forth under the Master Transfer Agreement. 
On the relevant Selection Date (i) the Receivables included in each Further Portfolio shall comply 
with the General Criteria (and, if applicable in relation to the relevant issuance, the Specific Criteria) 
and (ii) the Securities included in each Further Portfolio shall comply with the characteristics set out 
in the Master Transfer Agreement. The Portfolio may also include Integration Assets provided that the 
total amount of such Integration Assets does not exceed the Integration Assets Limit. 
Each assignment of a Further Portfolio shall be aimed at: 
(a) 
issuing further Covered Bonds, to be funded through the amounts made available under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (an Issuance Collateralisation Assignment); or 
(b) 
purchasing additional Eligible Assets utilising the principal Collections received by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor with respect to the Eligible Assets which are part of the Portfolio in 
accordance with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments (a Revolving 
Assignment of Eligible Assets); or 
(c) 
purchasing additional Eligible Assets or Integration Assets, utilising the principal Collections 
received by the Covered Bond Guarantor with respect to the Integration Assets which are part 
of the Portfolio in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments (a 
Revolving Assignment of Integration Assets and, together with the Revolving Assignments 
of Eligible Assets, Revolving Assignments); or 
(d) 
complying with the Mandatory Tests, and preventing the breach of the Mandatory Tests, in 
accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement (an Integration Assignment), 
subject to the Integration Assets Limits. 
The obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to purchase any Further Portfolio is subject to the 
occurrence of certain conditions including, without limitation, (a) in respect of any Revolving 
Assignment, the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds on the Guarantor Payment Date 
immediately succeeding the relevant Calculation Date, as calculated on the basis of the Pre-Issuer 
Default Principal Priority of Payments; and (b) the amount of money required for funding an Issuance 
Collateralisation Assignments or Integration Assignments which shall be drawn under the 
Subordinated Loan, together with all outstanding drawings thereunder, is not higher than the 
Maximum Amount. 
The obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to purchase any Further Portfolio is also subject to 
further conditions subsequent set out in the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Price Adjustments 
The Master Transfer Agreement provides for a price adjustment mechanism, pursuant to which:

--- Page 203 ---
201 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
if, following the relevant Selection Date, any Receivable included in any Further Portfolio 
does not meet the applicable Criteria, then such Receivable will be deemed not to have been 
assigned and transferred to the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement; 
(ii) 
if, following the relevant Selection Date, a Receivable which has not been included in a 
Further Portfolio meets the applicable Criteria, then such Receivable shall be deemed to have 
been assigned and transferred to the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement, with economic effects as of the Evaluation 
Date of the relevant Portfolio. 
Repurchase of Receivables and pre-emption right 
Each Seller is granted, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, an option right (diritto di 
opzione) to repurchase Receivables or Securities included in the relevant Portfolio, individually or in 
block, also in different tranches, on the terms and conditions set out in the Master Transfer 
Agreement. In particular, in order to exercise such option right, the Sellers must pay the Covered 
Bond Guarantor an amount to be calculated under and in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Transfer Agreement. The exercise of the option right shall be conditional upon, inter alia, (a) 
verification by the Calculation Agent, and confirmation of the Seller, that the exercise of such right 
shall not cause a breach of the Tests (provided that, inter alia, such letter (a) will not apply with 
reference to (i) Receivables and/or Securities which value, for the purposes of the Tests is equal to 0 
(zero) and (ii) Receivables and/or Securities (other than the Receivables and/or Securities indicated 
under point (i) above) which repurchase price, together with the repurchase price of Receivables 
and/or Securities repurchased during the same year, is cumulatively lower than, or equal to, Euro 30 
millions) and (b) the absence of an Insolvency Event of the Seller. 
Each Seller is also granted a pre-emption right (diritto di prelazione) to repurchase Receivables or 
Securities, which the Covered Bond Guarantor may wish to sell to third parties, at the same terms and 
conditions provided to such third parties. Such pre-emption rights shall cease should the relevant 
Seller be submitted to any of the proceedings set out under Title V of the Banking Law. 
Termination of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s obligation to purchase Further Portfolios 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
purchase Further Portfolios from any of the Seller shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the 
following: (a) a change in law and regulations, following which the Programme becomes impossible 
or less convenient for the parties, both from an economic and commercial point of view; (b) the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default notified by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
both to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor; (c) the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default; and (d) the Programme Termination Date has been reached; moreover the obligation of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to purchase Further Portfolios from the relevant Seller shall terminate upon 
the occurrence of any of the following: (i) a breach of the undertakings and duties of the relevant 
Seller pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the event such breach is not cured within the period 
specified in the Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise not curable; (ii) a material breach of the 
Seller’s representations and warranties given in any of the Transaction Documents; (iii) the 
occurrence of a Seller’s material adverse change; (iv) the Seller becoming subject to an Insolvency 
Proceeding or similar proceedings; (v) the Seller being notified of the commencement of a judicial 
proceeding which may reasonably cause the occurrence of a material adverse change of the Seller.  
Further to the occurrence of any of the events described above, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall no 
longer be obliged to purchase Further Portfolios, provided that the occurrence of any of the events 
indicated under (a), (b), (d) and (v) above shall not prevent Integration Assignments. 
Undertakings 
The Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Sellers in respect of its 
activities in relation to the Receivables or Securities. Each Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain

--- Page 204 ---
202 
 
 
 
 
from carrying out activities with respect to the Receivables or Securities which may prejudice the 
validity or recoverability of any Receivable or Security and, in particular, not to assign or transfer the 
Receivables or Securities to any third party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or 
encumbrance or other right in favour of any third party in respect of the Receivables or Securities. 
Each Seller has also undertaken to refrain from any action which could cause any of the Receivables 
or Security to become invalid or to cause a reduction in the amount of any of the Receivables, 
Securities or any security relating thereto. The Master Transfer Agreement also provides that the 
Sellers shall waive any set off rights in respect of the Receivables or Securities, and cooperate actively 
with the Covered Bond Guarantor in any activity concerning the Receivables or Securities. 
Representations and warranties 
Under the Master Transfer Agreement, each Seller has made certain representations and warranties to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Specifically, each Seller has made and will make to the Covered Bond Guarantor, inter alia, 
representations and warranties in respect of: (i) its status and powers, (ii) information and the 
documents provided to the Covered Bond Guarantor, (iii) the ownership of the Receivables and the 
Securities, (iv) the status of the Receivables and the Securities, and (v) terms and conditions of the 
Receivables and the Securities. Such representations and warranties will be made and repeated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Each Seller has undertaken to fully and promptly indemnify and hold harmless the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents, from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, 
liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and 
disbursements and any value added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for damages by 
third parties) awarded against, or incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations and/or 
warranties made by the relevant Seller under the Master Transfer Agreement being materially false, 
incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the relevant Seller to perform any of its obligations and 
undertakings as set out in the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Master Transfer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Master Transfer Agreement, is governed by Italian Law. 
2. 
Servicing Agreement 
Under the terms of the Servicing Agreement, inter alia, (i) the Servicer has agreed to administer and 
service the Receivables (with the exception of the Defaulted Receivables classified as in sofferenza) 
and the Securities and to carry out the collection activities relating to the Receivables and the 
Securities, on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor; (ii) the Master Servicer has agreed to provide 
certain reporting activities in relation to the Receivables and the Securities; and (iii) the Special 
Servicers have agreed to administer and service the Defaulted Receivables classified as in sofferenza. 
The appointment of Master Servicer, the Servicers and the Special Servicers is not a mandate in rem 
propriam and, therefore, the Covered Bond Guarantor is entitled to revoke or terminate the same in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Servicing Agreement. 
As consideration for the activities performed in accordance with the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement, the Servicers and the Special Servicers shall receive certain fees, and shall have the right 
to be reimbursed of certain expenses, which shall be payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. The Servicing 
Agreement provides that, for as long as the Seller and the Special Servicer are the same entity, no fee 
shall be due to the Special Servicer. 
Activities of the Servicers and the Special Servicers 
In the context of the appointment, each of the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best 
diligence and highest professional standards, inter alia, the activities specified below:

--- Page 205 ---
203 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
administration and management of the Receivables (with the exception of the Defaulted 
Receivables classified as in sofferenza) and the Securities and collection of the Receivables 
and the Securities in accordance with the Servicing Agreement, the Collection Policies and 
the OBG Regulations; 
(ii) 
performance of certain activities with reference to the data processing pursuant to the Privacy 
Law; 
(iii) 
keeping and maintaining updated and safe the documents relating to the Receivables or 
Securities transferred from the Sellers to the Covered Bond Guarantor; consenting to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders examining and 
inspecting the documents and producing copies thereof; 
(iv) 
upon the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Servicers shall 
follow only the instructions given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and 
disregard those instructions given by the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
In the context of its appointment, the Special Servicers has undertaken to perform, with its best 
diligence and highest professional standards, inter alia, the activities relating to the administration and 
management of the Defaulted Receivables classified as in sofferenza and the commencement and 
management of the judicial and insolvency proceedings relating thereto, in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement and the Collection Policies. 
Each of the Master Servicer, the Servicers and the Special Servicers is entitled to delegate the 
performance of certain activities to third parties, except for the supervisory activities which the 
Servicers shall be bound to carry out in accordance with the BoI Regulations. Notwithstanding the 
above, each of the Master Servicer and/or the Servicers and/or the Special Servicers shall remain fully 
liable for the activities performed by any party so appointed by it, and shall maintain the Covered 
Bond Guarantor fully indemnified for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity 
performed by a party so appointed. 
Servicer Reports 
The Master Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit monthly and quarterly reports to, inter 
alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Hedging Counterparties and the Calculation Agent, 
in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information about the Collections made in 
respect of the Portfolio during the preceding calendar month or Collection Period (respectively). The 
reports will provide the main information relating to the Servicers' and Special Servicers' activity 
during the relevant period, including without limitation, a description of the Portfolio (outstanding 
amount, principal and interest) and information relating to delinquencies, defaults and collections. 
Successor Servicers and Successor Special Servicers 
According to the Servicing Agreement, upon the occurrence of a termination event, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall have the right to terminate the appointment of the Master Servicer and/or the 
Servicers and/or the Special Servicers (as the case may be) and, subject to the approval in writing of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to appoint a Successor Master Servicer and/or a 
Successor Servicer and/or Successor Special Servicer (as relevant). The relevant successor shall have 
certain characteristics as set out under the Servicing Agreement and shall undertake to carry out the 
activities of the Master Servicer and/or the relevant Servicer and/or the relevant Special Servicer by 
entering into a servicing agreement having substantially the same form and contents as the Servicing 
Agreement and accepting the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may terminate (revocare) the appointment of any of the Servicers upon 
the occurrence of any of the following termination events:  
(i) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to the Servicer or the Servicer 
resolving upon the entering into an Insolvency Proceeding or a voluntary liquidation;

--- Page 206 ---
204 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
failure by the Servicer to observe or perform certain of its duties (as set out under the 
Servicing Agreement) and the continuation of such failure for a period of 15 Business Days 
following receipt of written notice from the Covered Bond Guarantor, provided that such 
failure may prejudice the activities of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement; 
(iii) 
inability of the Servicer to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy's regulations for 
entities acting as servicer. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may terminate (revocare) the appointment of the Master Servicer upon 
the occurrence of any of the following termination events:  
(i) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to the Master Servicer or the Master 
Servicer resolving upon the entering into an Insolvency Proceeding or a voluntary liquidation; 
(ii) 
failure by the Master Servicer to observe or perform certain of its duties (as set out under the 
Servicing Agreement) and the continuation of such failure for a period of 15 Business Days 
following receipt of written notice from the Covered Bond Guarantor, provided that such 
failure may prejudice the activities of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement; 
(iii) 
inability of the Master Servicer to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy's 
regulations for entities providing the same services. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may terminate (revocare) the appointment of any of the Special 
Servicer upon the occurrence of any of the following termination events:  
(i) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to the Special Servicer or the Special 
Servicer resolving upon the entering into an Insolvency Proceeding or a voluntary liquidation; 
(ii) 
failure by the Special Servicer to observe or perform certain of its duties (as set out under the 
Servicing Agreement) and the continuation of such failure for a period of 15 Business Days 
following receipt of written notice from the Covered Bond Guarantor, provided that such 
failure may prejudice the activities of the Special Servicer under the Servicing Agreement; 
(iii) 
if the Covered Bond Guarantor terminates the appointment of the Servicer, provided that, 
upon the occurrence of the event indicated under this paragraph (iii), the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall be required to terminate the appointment of the Special Servicer. 
Governing Law 
The Servicing Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Servicing Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
3. 
Subordinated Loan Agreements 
Pursuant to (i) the Subordinated Loan Agreements executed on or about the First Issue Date between 
each of Intesa Sanpaolo and Banco di Napoli S.p.A. (which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, has 
been incorporated into Intesa Sanpaolo) as Subordinated Loan Providers and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, (ii) the Subordinated Loan Agreement executed on 26 May 2014 between Cassa di 
Risparmio in Bologna S.p.A. (which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, has been incorporated into 
Intesa Sanpaolo) as Subordinated Loan Provider and the Covered Bond Guarantor, and (iii) the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement executed on 19 May 2015 between Banca CR Firenze S.p.A. (which, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, has been incorporated into Intesa Sanpaolo) as Subordinated 
Loan Provider and the Covered Bond Guarantor, each Subordinated Loan Provider granted the 
Covered Bond Guarantor a Subordinated Loan for a maximum amount provided under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, or such other higher amount which will be notified by the 
Subordinated Loan Provider to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (the Maximum Amount). Under the provisions of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, upon the relevant disbursement notice being filed by the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
the relevant Subordinated Loan Provider shall make advances to the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
amounts equal to the relevant price of the Portfolios transferred by the relevant Subordinated Loan

--- Page 207 ---
205 
 
 
 
 
Provider from time to time to the Covered Bond Guarantor in order to carrying out (a) an Issuance 
Collateralisation Assignment or (b) an Integration Assignment. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay any amounts due under the Subordinated Loan in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments. The Subordinated Loan shall be remunerated by way of (i) 
the Base Interest Amount, and (ii) the Individual Additional Interest Amount. 
Governing Law 
Each Subordinated Loan Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with each Subordinated Loan Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
4. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On or about the First Issue Date the Covered Bond Guarantor issued the Covered Bond Guarantee 
securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, in accordance with the 
provisions of Law 130 and of the MEF Decree. 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, if the Issuer defaults in the payment on the due date 
(subject to any applicable grace periods) of any monies due and payable under or pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds, or if any other Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event occurs, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor has agreed (subject as described below) to pay, or procure to be paid, following 
service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Notice to Pay or an Article 74 Notice 
to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), unconditionally and irrevocably, any amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds as and when the same were originally due for payment by the Issuer, as of any 
Maturity Date or, if applicable, Extended Maturity Date. 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, paragraph 1, of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the guarantee 
provided under the Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand (a prima richiesta), unconditional, 
irrevocable (irrevocabile) and independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and therefore provides for 
direct and independent obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders 
and with limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or 
unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. The provisions of the Italian Civil 
Code relating to fideiussione set forth in articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 
(Limiti della fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Escussione preventiva), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal 
fideiussore), 1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del 
fideiussore per obbligazione futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell’obbligazione principale) shall not apply 
to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default and the service of an 
Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall pay or procure to be paid on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date to the 
Covered Bondholders an amount equal to those Guaranteed Amounts which shall become due for 
payment in accordance with the relevant Conditions, but which have not been paid by the Issuer to the 
relevant Covered Bondholder on the relevant Scheduled Payment Date. 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and the service by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice in 
respect of all Covered Bonds, which shall become immediately due and repayable, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall pay or procure to be paid on the Due for Payment Date to the Covered Bondholders, 
the Guaranteed Amounts for all outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Following service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default, payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the Guaranteed Amounts pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee will be made, subject to and in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payments, on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, provided that, if an Extended 
Maturity Date is envisaged under the relevant Final Terms and actually applied, any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be

--- Page 208 ---
206 
 
 
 
 
paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor on any Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. In addition, to the extent that the Covered Bond 
Guarantor has insufficient monies available after payment of higher ranking amounts and taking into 
account amounts ranking pari passu therewith in the relevant Priorities of Payments, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor shall make partial payments of the Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Post-
Issuer Default Priority of Payments. 
Following service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice all Covered Bonds will 
accelerate against the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions, becoming due and 
payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves and the Available Funds shall be applied 
in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or other governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, assessments or other governmental charges are required by law or regulation or 
administrative practice of any jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and 
shall account to the appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. Th e 
Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect 
of the amount of such withholding or deduction. 
Exercise of rights 
Following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn) on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default, the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of Article 
4, Paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree shall temporarily substitute the Issuer with respect to all 
obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the terms and 
conditions originally set out for the Covered Bonds, so that the rights of payment of the Covered 
Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest 
and the Scheduled Principal from the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment 
Date. In consideration for the substitution of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the performance of the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or 
through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will 
be part of the Available Funds. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (other than the event referred under 
Condition 11(c)(iv)) and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to the 
occurrence of any Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Covered Bond Guarantor, in 
accordance with the provisions set forth under the Covered Bond Guarantee (as well as in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree), shall substitute the Issuer with 
respect to all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the terms 
and conditions originally set out for the Covered Bonds, so that the rights of payment of the Covered 
Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest 
and the Scheduled Principal from the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment 
Date. In consideration for the substitution of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the performance of the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or 
through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the 
right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will 
be part of the Available Funds. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default referred under Condition 11(c)(iv)) and 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default, as of the date of administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of

--- Page 209 ---
207 
 
 
 
 
Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree shall substitute the Issuer with respect to all obligations of 
the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally 
set out for the Covered Bonds, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such 
circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal from the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration 
for the substitution of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of 
the Available Funds. 
As a consequence and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Covered Bondholders have 
irrevocably delegated to the Covered Bond Guarantor (also in the interest and for the benefit of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor) the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the performance 
of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, including any rights of 
enforcing any acceleration of payment provisions provided under the Conditions or under the 
applicable legislation. For this purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of 
the Covered Bondholders, upon request of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall provide the Covered 
Bond Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem necessary or 
expedient for taking all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct performance of its mandate. 
In each case the Guaranteed Amounts does not include any additional amounts payable under 
Condition 10(a) (Gross up by Issuer). 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Covered Bond Guarantee, is governed by Italian law. 
5. 
Administrative Services Agreement 
Pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement, the Administrative Services Provider has agreed 
to provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with a number of administrative services, including keeping 
of the corporate books and the accounting and tax registers of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Governing Law 
The Administrative Services Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Administrative Services Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
6. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the parties thereto agreed that all the Available Funds 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, in 
accordance 
with 
the 
relevant 
Priorities 
of 
Payments 
provided 
in 
the Intercreditor 
Agreement.According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
will, subject to a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default having occurred, ensure that all the 
Available Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of the Covered Bond Guarantee’s payment 
obligations towards the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, in accordance with the Post-
Guarantor Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Covered Bond Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders and each 
of the Secured Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor. The 
Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors will have a claim against the Covered Bond 
Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject to and as provided for in the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has granted a general irrevocable mandate to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, also in the interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the

--- Page 210 ---
208 
 
 
 
 
Secured Creditors, to act in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor on the terms and 
conditions specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, so that the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise the rights of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, subject as provided for under the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Intercreditor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Intercreditor Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
7. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement  
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Receivables Account Banks, the 
Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Servicers, 
the Administrative Services Provider and the Calculation Agent will provide the Covered Bond 
Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and reporting services together with account handling 
and cash management services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Accounts. In particular, under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(i) 
the Receivables Account Banks will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
account handling services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Receivables Account Bank Accounts; 
(ii) 
the Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bond Guarantor with account handling 
services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of the Other Accounts; 
(iii) 
the Cash Manager will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bond Guarantor with a report (on or 
prior to each Quarterly Report Date), together with certain cash management services in 
relation to monies standing to the credit of the Accounts; 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bond Guarantor: (i) with the 
Payments Report, which will set out the Available Funds and the payments to be made on the 
immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities 
of Payments; and (ii) with the Investor Report, which will set out certain information with 
respect to the Portfolio and the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
the Paying Agent will provide the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor with certain 
payment services. 
Receivables Account Banks and Account Bank 
The Receivables Account Bank Accounts will be opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and shall be operated by the Receivables Account Banks and the Other Accounts will be opened in the 
name of the Covered Bond Guarantor and shall be operated by the Account Bank, and the amounts 
standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that the 
Receivables Account Banks shall always maintain the Minimum Required Receivables Account Bank 
Rating provided for under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, provided that failure by a 
Receivables Account Bank to so qualify, shall trigger certain consequences described in the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, and no termination event in respect of such Receivables 
Account Bank (but only limited to the Receivables Collection Account) shall occur if Intesa Sanpaolo 
or the relevant Receivables Account Bank complies with the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
On behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, each of the Receivables Account Banks shall maintain or 
ensure that records in respect of each of the relevant Receivables Account Bank Accounts held by it 
are maintained and such records will, on or prior to each Quarterly Report Date, show separately: (i)

--- Page 211 ---
209 
 
 
 
 
the balance of each of the Receivables Account Bank Accounts as of the immediately preceding 
Collection Date; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid on the Receivables Account Bank Accounts as 
of the immediately preceding Collection Date; and (iii) details of all amounts or securities credited to, 
and transfers made from, each of the Receivables Account Bank Accounts in the course of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period. The Receivables Account Banks will provide information 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Administrative 
Services Provider and/or the Calculation Agent, upon their request, regarding the balance of the 
Receivables Account Bank Accounts. 
On behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Account Bank shall maintain or ensure that records in 
respect of each of the Other Accounts held by it are maintained and such records will, on or prior to 
each Quarterly Report Date, show separately: (i) the balance of each of the Other Accounts as of the 
immediately preceding Collection Date; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid on the Other Accounts 
as of the immediately preceding Collection Date; and (iii) details of all amounts or securities credited 
to, and transfers made from, each of the Other Accounts in the course of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period. The Account Bank will provide information to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Administrative Services Provider and/or the 
Calculation Agent, upon their request, regarding the balance of the Other Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that the 
Account Banks shall always maintain the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating provided for 
under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, provided that failure by Intesa Sanpaolo to so 
qualify shall trigger certain consequences described in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
and no termination event in in respect of the Account Bank (but only limited to the Receivables 
Collection Account) shall occur if Intesa Sanpaolo complies with the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Each of the Receivables Account Banks and the Account Bank may resign from its appointment under 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may jointly terminate the appointment of any of the 
Receivables Account Banks and the Account Bank pursuant to the terms of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. Any of the Receivables Account Banks and the Account Bank shall not be 
released from its obligations under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement until its substitute, 
to be appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
jointly, has entered into the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement 
and the Master Definitions Agreement and has accepted the security created under the Pledge 
Agreement and the Deed of Charge and Assignment. 
Cash Manager 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to receiving the Payments Report 
from the Calculation Agent, execute the payment instructions stated by the Calculation Agent and 
shall allocate the amounts standing on the General Payment Account according to the relevant 
Priorities of Payments, except for the payments to be carried out by the Paying Agent under the 
outstanding Covered Bonds. 
During each Collection Period, the Cash Manager may instruct the Receivables Account Banks to 
invest funds standing to the credit of the relevant Investment Account in Eligible Investments on 
behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set out in 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Cash Manager shall have absolute discretion as to 
the types and amounts of Eligible Investments which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, 
through whom and on which markets, any purchase of Eligible Investments may be effected. As long 
as each of the Account Bank meets the requirements under the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement, and the Collection Accounts and the Investment Account constitute Eligible Investments, 
the Cash Manager will be under no obligation or duty whatsoever to instruct or consider instructing

--- Page 212 ---
210 
 
 
 
 
the Account Banks to invest funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account in any other 
Eligible Investment. 
On or prior to each Quarterly Report Date, the Cash Manager shall deliver a copy of its report to, inter 
alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating 
Agency and the Calculation Agent; such report shall include information on the Eligible Investments. 
The Cash Manager may resign from its appointment under the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
jointly terminate the appointment of the Cash Manager pursuant to the terms of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. The Cash Manager shall not be released from its obligations under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement until its substitute, to be appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bond Guarantor jointly, has entered into the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Master Definitions 
Agreement and has accepted the security created under the Pledge Agreement and the Deed of Charge 
and Assignment. 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will prepare a Payments Report on each Calculation Date, subject to receipt by 
it of reports from the Master Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Account Banks, the Receivables 
Account Banks, the Hedging Counterparties and the Administrative Services Provider, which will set 
out the Available Funds and payments to be made on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment 
Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. Such Payments Report will be 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent. 
On or prior to the Investor Report Date, the Calculation Agent shall prepare and deliver to the Issuer, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicers, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Rating Agency and the Cash 
Manager, the Investor Report in electronic format setting out certain information with respect to the 
Portfolio and the Covered Bonds. 
On the Business Day prior to each Calculation Date and on any other date on which the verifications 
of the Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Calculation Agent will prepare the 
Asset Cover Report, pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement 
Paying Agent 
Prior to the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (or following the relevant withdrawal) or a Notice 
to Pay, the Paying Agent shall make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms and the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Following the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), a Notice to 
Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the Account Bank, shall make payments of 
principal and interest, in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the relevant Priorities of 
Payments and the relevant provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that the 
Paying Agent shall always maintain the Minimum Required Paying Agent Rating provided for under 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and failure to so qualify shall constitute a termination 
event thereunder. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will, upon and in accordance with the written instructions of the 
Issuer and, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Covered Bond Guarantor or, 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders received at least 5 (five) calendar days before the proposed publication date,

--- Page 213 ---
211 
 
 
 
 
arrange for publication of any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any notice which is to be given 
to the Covered Bondholders by publication in the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website or 
alternatively in a newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg – or by any other means time 
to time acceptable by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange – and will maintain one copy thereof at its 
address and will supply a copy thereof to the Issuer, Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and, if applicable, the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will (a) promptly forward to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor a copy of any notice or communication addressed to the Covered Bond Guarantor or 
the Issuer by any Covered Bondholders and which is received by the Luxembourg Listing Agent; (b) 
make available to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Paying Agent such information in 
its possession as is reasonably required for the maintenance of the records in respect of all the 
Accounts; (c) comply with the listing rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in connection with the 
Programme; and (d) promptly inform the Covered Bond Guarantor of any fact which may affect its 
duties in connection with the Programme. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, the Account Bank, the Receivables Account Banks or the 
Paying Agent ceasing to maintain the respective Minimum Required Ratings (it being understood 
that, if Intesa Sanpaolo ceases to have the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating, no Termination 
Event in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo shall occur if Intesa Sanpaolo fully, duly and timely complies with 
the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement), either the Issuer (only prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and with respect to certain agents only), the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or the Covered Bond Guarantor, provided that (in the case of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders consents in writing to such 
termination, may terminate the appointment of the Receivables Account Banks, the Account Bank, 
the Cash Manager, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be, under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
8. 
Portfolio Administration Agreement 
Pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Calculation Agent has agreed to verify the 
compliance of the Tests and, in the event of any breach, to immediately notify in writing, inter alios, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Sellers, the Asset Monitor, the Paying 
Agent and the Hedging Counterparties of such breach. Moreover, on the Business Day prior to each 
Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent shall deliver an Asset Cover Report including the relevant 
calculations in respect of the Tests to, inter alios, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Sellers, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Asset Monitor and the Hedging Counterparties. 
Under the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken certain obligations for the 
replenishment of the Portfolio in order to cure any breach of the Mandatory Tests. 
Sale of Selected Assets and Integration Assets following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an 
Issuer Event of Default 
Following the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to 
Pay (and prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default), if necessary in order 
to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
Servicers (or any other entity appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), on behalf 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall sell Selected Assets in accordance with the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the Sellers or any Additional Seller

--- Page 214 ---
212 
 
 
 
 
pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited 
to the Investment Account. 
In particular, if any of the Servicers, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, is required to sell 
Selected Assets, it will promptly select, through a tender process, and in the name and on behalf of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will appoint, a bank or investment company or an auditing firm of a 
recognised standing, with a long experience in the management, sale and/or financing of portfolio of 
assets equivalent to Eligible Assets in the Portfolio, to act as portfolio manager (the Portfolio 
Manager), on a basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio Manager to achieve the best price for the 
sale of such Selected Assets, to advise the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the sale, in the name and on behalf of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, of Selected Assets. The Servicers, or any other third party appointed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, will be required to comply with the advice given by the 
Portfolio Manager.  
The Servicers, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use 
all reasonable endeavours to procure that Selected Assets are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable 
taking into account the market conditions at that time and the scheduled repayment dates of the 
Covered Bonds, the Conditions and the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Before offering Selected Assets for sale in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, 
the Servicers, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall ensure, also through the Portfolio Manager, that: (i) 
the Selected Assets have been selected from the Portfolio on a Random Basis; (ii) no more Selected 
Assets will be selected than necessary for the estimated sale proceeds to equal the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount, (iii) the Selected Assets have an aggregate Current Balance in an amount which 
is as close as possible to the amount calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement. 
Following the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to 
Pay (and prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default), if necessary in 
order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Portfolio Manager, all the Integration Assets (other than cash deposits) shall be 
sold by the Servicers, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, at prevailing market 
conditions as quickly as reasonably practicable. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the 
Investment Account. 
Sale of Selected Assets and Integration Assets following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default  
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and the delivery of a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, 
in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor (so authorised by means of the execution of 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement), direct the Servicers, or any other third party appointed by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to sell Selected Assets in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the Sellers or the Additional 
Sellers (if any) pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale 
shall be credited to the Investment Account and applied in accordance with the relevant Priorities of 
Payments. 
Governing Law 
The Portfolio Administration Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 215 ---
213 
 
 
 
 
9. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has agreed to perform certain tests and 
procedures and carry out certain monitoring and reporting services with respect to the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. In particular, the Asset Monitor has agreed with the Issuer and, upon the 
delivery of an Article 74 Notice to pay (and until the date of its withdrawal) and/or a Notice to Pay, 
with the Covered Bond Guarantor, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the 
Calculation Agent, to conduct independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by the 
Calculation Agent for the Tests. 
The Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such tests no later than the relevant Asset Monitor 
Report Date. On each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver the Asset Monitor 
Report to, inter alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Issuer. 
Under the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged and accepted that its 
services will be carried out also for the benefit and in the interest of the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer and (with effect as from the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (and until the date of its 
withdrawal) and/or a Notice to Pay) the Covered Bond Guarantor may, subject to the prior written 
consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, terminate the appointment of the Asset 
Monitor in accordance with the termination provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement. In any case, 
no revocation of the appointment of the Asset Monitor shall take effect until a successor has been duly 
appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign in accordance with the resignation provisions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. Such resignation will be subject to and conditional upon, inter alia, a substitute 
Asset Monitor being appointed by the Issuer or (upon delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay - and 
until the date of its withdrawal - or a Notice to Pay) the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Governing Law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Asset Monitor Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
10. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
Pursuant to the Quotaholders' Agreement, the Quotaholders have undertaken certain obligations in 
relation to the management of the Covered Bond Guarantor. In addition, Stichting Viridis 2 has 
granted a call option in favour of the Issuer to purchase from Stichting Viridis 2, and Intesa Sanpaolo 
has granted a put option in favour of Stichting Viridis 2 to sell to Intesa Sanpaolo, the quota of the 
Issuer's quota capital held by Stichting Viridis 2. 
Governing Law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Quotaholders’ Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
11. 
Dealer Agreement 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the parties thereto have agreed upon the conditions under which 
the Covered Bonds may be issued and sold, from time to time, by the Issuer to the Dealer(s) or any 
other dealers and the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor have undertaken to indemnify the 
Dealer(s) for all costs, liabilities, charges, expenses and claims incurred by or made against the 
Dealer(s) arising out of, in connection with or based on breach of duty or misrepresentation by the 
Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Dealer Agreement contains provisions relating to the 
resignation or termination of appointment of the existing Dealer(s) and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealer(s) acceding as new dealer (i) generally in respect of the Programme, or (ii) 
in relation to a particular issue of a Series of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 216 ---
214 
 
 
 
 
The Dealer Agreement contains stabilisation provisions. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor have given certain 
representations and warranties to the Dealer(s) in relation to, inter alia, themselves and the 
information given by each of them in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
Governing Law 
The Dealer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Dealer Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
12. 
Subscription Agreement 
The Dealer Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be entered into 
in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) will enter into a 
subscription agreement under which the Relevant Dealer(s) will agree to subscribe for the relevant 
tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to the conditions set out therein. 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the appointment of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing Law 
The Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Subscription Agreement, will be governed by Italian law. 
13. 
Pledge Agreement 
Pursuant to the Pledge Agreement the Covered Bond Guarantor pledged in favour of the Secured 
Creditors all the monetary claims and rights and all the amounts payable from time to time (including 
payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Covered 
Bond Guarantor is entitled pursuant or in relation to the Italian Law Transaction Documents. 
Governing Law 
The Pledge Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Pledge Agreement, is governed by Italian law. 
14. 
Deed of Charge and Assignment 
Pursuant to the Deed of Charge and Assignment, the Covered Bond Guarantor has assigned by way of 
security to, and charged in favour of, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting in its 
capacity as trustee for itself and the Secured Creditors), all of its rights, title, interest and benefit from 
time to time in and to the Swap Agreements. 
Governing Law 
The Deed of Charge and Assignment, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Deed of Charge and Assignment, is governed by English law. 
15. 
Swap Agreements  
Liability Swaps 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may enter into one or more swap transactions on each Issue Date with 
the Liability Hedging Counterparty in order to hedge certain interest rate and/or, if applicable, 
currency exposure in relation to its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Each swap transaction is 
documented by the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) and the Schedule 
thereto (the Liability Swap Master Agreement), as published by the International Swap and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), as supplemented by a 1995 Credit Support Annex (English 
Law) published by ISDA (the Liability Swap CSA) and a confirmation (the Liability Swap 
Confirmation) evidencing the terms of such transaction (the Liability Swap Master Agreement, the

--- Page 217 ---
215 
 
 
 
 
Liability Swap CSA and the Liability Swap Confirmation, together the Liability Swap), all governed 
by English law. 
Each Liability Swap, if any, will contain certain limited termination events and events of default 
which will entitle either party to terminate the relevant Liability Swap.  
In the event of early termination of a Liability Swap, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the relevant 
Liability Hedging Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in 
accordance with the provisions of the respective Liability Swap. Such payment will be made in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Each Liability Swap entered into in connection with a Series of Covered Bond will terminate on the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bond or, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms 
and agreed by the Parties, on the Extended Maturity Date or the Long Date Due For Payment Date, as 
the case may be, unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. 
Asset Swaps  
The Covered Bond Guarantor may enter into one or more swap transactions on or about the date of 
the transfer of each Portfolio or on or about each Issue Date with the Asset Hedging Counterparty in 
order to hedge the interest rate risks and/or currency risks related to the transfer of each Portfolio. 
Each swap transaction is documented by the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross 
Border) and the Schedule thereto (the Asset Swap Master Agreement and, together with the 
Liability Swap Master Agreement, the Master Agreements), as published by ISDA, as supplemented 
by a 1995 Credit Support Annex (English Law) published by ISDA (the Asset Swap CSA) and a 
confirmation (the Asset Swap Confirmation) evidencing the terms of such transaction (the Asset 
Swap Master Agreement, the Asset Swap CSA and the Asset Swap Confirmation, together the Asset 
Swap and, together with the Liability Swap, the Swap Agreements), all governed by English law.  
In the event of early termination of an Asset Swap, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the relevant Asset 
Hedging Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with 
the provisions of the respective Asset Swap. Such payment will be made in accordance with the 
Priority of Payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Asset Swap to be entered into on or around the First Issue Date, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans included in the Initial 
Portfolio (the Initial Asset Swap). 
Each Asset Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will 
entitle either party to terminate the relevant Asset Swap. 
Governing Law 
The Swap Agreements are governed by English law.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Covered Bond Guarantor could enter into hedging agreements, other 
than the Master Agreements, in order to hedge the interest rate and/or currency risk related to the 
transfer of each Portfolio or to the Covered Bonds. Details of such agreements will be provided for, 
from time to time, in the relevant Final Terms. 
16. 
Swap Service Agreements 
Pursuant to the Swap Service Agreements, Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party which may enter in 
the Programme has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, to provide the Covered Bond Guarantor 
with certain services due under the Swap Agreements in order to implement the provisions relating, 
inter alia, to the reporting activities imposed by EMIR Regulation. 
Pursuant to the Swap Service Agreements, no additional fees are due to Intesa Sanpaolo, Cassa di 
Risparmio in Bologna S.p.A. and Banca CR Firenze S.p.A., in their capacity as Swap Service 
Providers, other than the fees due to the same entities in their capacity as Hedging Counterparties 
under the relevant Swap Agreements.

--- Page 218 ---
216 
 
 
 
 
Governing Law 
The Swap Service Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Swap Service Agreements, are governed by Italian law. 
17. 
French Law Security Document 
Under the French Law Security Document, the Covered Bond Guarantor has pledged the amounts 
standing to the credit of the each of the CACIB French Cash Accounts and the CACIB French 
Securities Accounts in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing Law 
The French Law Security Document is governed by French law. 
18. 
Master Definitions Agreement 
Under the Master Definitions Agreement, the parties thereto have agreed upon the definitions of 
certain terms utilised in the Transaction Documents.  
Governing Law 
The Master Definitions Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Master Definitions Agreement, is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 219 ---
217 
 
 
 
 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is an overview only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the 
transactions described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should 
be aware. It is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective Covered Bondholders should also read 
the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Law 130, Article 7-bis thereof and BoI OBG Regulations. General remarks 
Law 130 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation process and 
to facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of Italy. Law 
130 was further amended during the following years. Law Decree No. 35 of 14 March 2005, 
converted with amendments into law by Law no. 80 of 14 May 2005, added articles 7-bis and 7-ter to 
Law 130, for the purpose of allowing Italian banks to use the securitisation techniques introduced by 
Law 130 in view of issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
Pursuant to article 7-bis, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to transactions involving the "true" sale 
(by way of non-gratuitous assignment) of receivables or asset backed securities issued in the context 
of securitisation transactions meeting certain eligibility criteria set out in article 7-bis and in MEF 
Decree, where the sale is to a vehicle incorporated pursuant to article 7-bis and all amounts paid by 
the debtors are to be used by the special purpose vehicle exclusively to meet its obligations under a 
guarantee to be issued by it, in view of securing the payment obligations of the selling bank or of 
other banks in connection with the issue of covered bonds. 
Pursuant to article 7-bis, the purchase price of the assets to be included in the portfolio shall be 
financed through the taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the bank selling the assets or a 
different bank. The payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under such loan shall be 
subordinated to the payment obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the counterparties of any 
derivative contracts hedging risks in connection with the assigned receivables and securities, the 
counterparties of any other ancillary contract and counterparties having a claim in relation to any 
payment of other costs of the transaction. 
The covered bonds are further regulated by the Decree of the Ministry for the Economy and Finance 
No. 310 of 14 December 2006 (MEF Decree) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy 
relating to covered bonds under Third Part, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended, (the 
BoI OBG Regulations). Pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations, the covered bonds may be issued also 
by banks which are member of banking groups meeting, as of the date of issuance of the covered 
bonds, certain requirements relating to the consolidated regulatory capital and the consolidated 
solvency ratio at the group’s level. Such requirements must be complied with, as of the date of 
issuance of the covered bonds, also by banks selling the assets, where the latter are different from the 
bank issuing the covered bonds and do not fall within the same banking group. 
The Special Purpose Vehicle 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the Decree 53/2015) issued by the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. The Decree 
53/2015 came into force on 23 May 2015, repealing the Decree No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of 
the Decree 53/2015, the assignee companies which guarantee covered bonds, belonging to a banking 
group as defined by Article 60 of the Banking Law (such as ISP OBG S.r.l.), will no longer have to be 
registered in the general register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking 
Law. 
Eligibility criteria of the assets and limits to the assignment of assets 
Under the MEF Decree, the following assets, inter alia, may be assigned to the purchasing company, 
together with any ancillary contracts aimed at hedging the financial risks embedded in the relevant 
assets: (a) residential and commercial mortgage loans having the characteristics set out under Article

--- Page 220 ---
218 
 
 
 
 
2, Paragraph 1 (a) and (b), respectively, of the MEF Decree; (b) the public assets meeting the 
characteristics set out under Article 2, Paragraph 1(c) of the MEF Decree; (c) asset backed securities 
issued in the context of securitisation transactions, meeting the following criteria: (i) the relevant 
securitised receivables comprise, for an amount equal at least to 95 per cent., loans referred to in (a) 
and (b) above; (ii) the relevant asset backed securities attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 
per cent. under the "standardised approach" to credit risk measurement. 
For the purpose above, the relevant provisions define a guarantee “valid for purposes for the credit 
risk mitigation” as a guarantee eligible for the “credit risk mitigation”, in accordance with Directive 
2006/48/EC of 14 June 2006 (the Restated Banking Directive). Similarly, the “Standardised 
Approach” shall provide a uniform approach to credit risk measurements as defined by the Rest ated 
Banking Directive. 
The BoI OBG Regulations set out certain requirements for banks belonging to banking groups with 
respect to the issuance of covered bonds to be met at the time of the relevant issuance: 
(i) 
own funds (fondi propri) of not less than Euro 250,000,000.00; and 
(ii) 
a total capital ratio on a consolidated basis of not less than 9 per cent. 
The above mentioned requirements must be complied with, as of the date of the assignment, also by 
the banks selling the assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds and 
do not fall within the same banking group. 
If the bank selling the assets does not belong to a banking group, the above mentioned requirements 
relate to the individual regulatory capital and/or overall capital ratio. 
Banks not complying with the above mentioned requirements may set up covered bond programmes 
only prior notice to the Bank of Italy, which may start an administrative process to assess the 
compliance with the required requirements. 
Moreover, the BoI OBG Regulations set out certain limits to the possibility for banks to assign 
eligible assets, which are linked to the tier 1 ratio (T1R) and common equity tier 1 ratio (CET1R) of 
the individual bank (or of the relevant banking group, if applicable), in accordance with the following 
grid, contained in the BoI OBG Regulations: 
 
Ratios 
Limits to the assignment 
Group “a” 
T1R ≥ 9 % and CET1R ≥ 8 % 
No limits 
Group “b” 
T1R ≥ 8 % and CET1R ≥ 7 % 
Assignment allowed up to 60% of the 
eligible assets 
Group “c” 
T1R ≥ 7 % and CET1R ≥ 6 % 
Assignment allowed up to 25% of the 
eligible assets 
The relevant T1R and CET1R set out in the grid relate to the aggregate of the covered bonds 
transactions launched by the relevant banking group or individual bank, as the case may be. If foreign 
entities belonging to the banking group of the bank selling the assets have issued covered bonds in 
accordance with their relevant jurisdiction and have therefore segregated part of their assets to 
guarantee the relevant issuances, the limits set out above shall be applied to the eligible assets held by 
the Italian companies being part of the assigning bank's banking group. 
In addition to the above, certain further amendments have been introduced in respect of the 
monitoring activities to be performed by the asset monitor. 
The limits to the assignment set out above do not apply to Integration (as defined below) of the 
portfolio, provided that Integration is allowed exclusively within the limits set out by the BoI OBG 
Regulations.

--- Page 221 ---
219 
 
 
 
 
The substitution of eligible assets included in the portfolio with other eligible assets of the same 
nature is also permitted, provided that certain conditions indicated under the BoI OBG Regulations 
are met. 
Ring-Fencing of the assets 
Under the terms of Article 3 of Law 130, all the receivables relating to a Law 130 transaction, the 
relevant collections and the financial assets purchased using the collections arising from the relevant 
receivables will by operation of law be segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the special 
purpose vehicle and from those relating to the other Law 130 transactions carried out by the same 
special purpose vehicle. On a winding up of the special purpose vehicle such assets will only be 
available to holders of the covered bonds in respect of which the special purpose vehicle has issued 
the covered bond guarantee and to the other secured creditors of the special purpose vehicle. In 
addition, the assets relating to a particular covered bond transaction will not be available to the 
holders of covered bonds issued under any other covered bond transaction or to general creditors of 
the special purpose vehicle. 
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle which is not a party to 
the transaction documents would be able to commence insolvency or winding up proceedings against 
the special purpose vehicle in respect of any unpaid debt. 
The assignment 
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 of the 
Banking Law. The prevailing interpretation of these provisions, which view has been strengthened by 
Article 4 of Law 130, is that: 
(a) 
as from the date of publication in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) of the notice of assignment of the relevant receivables in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of Article 58 of the Banking Law, the assignment 
of the relevant receivables will become enforceable against: 
(i) 
any creditors of the seller of the relevant receivables who have not commenced 
enforcement by means of obtaining an attachment order (pignoramento) prior to the 
date of publication of the notice of assignment of the relevant receivables; 
(ii) 
a receiver in the insolvency of the seller of the relevant receivables; and 
(iii) 
prior assignees of the relevant receivables who have not perfected their assignment by 
way of (A) notifying the assigned debtors or (B) making the assigned debtors 
acknowledge the assignment by an acceptance bearing a date certain at law (data 
certa) prior to the date of publication of the notice of assignment of the relevant 
receivables or in any other way permitted under applicable law, 
without the need to follow the ordinary rules under Article 1265 of the Italian Civil Code as to 
making the assignment effective against third parties; and 
(b) 
as from the later of (A) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment of the relevant 
receivables, and (B) the date of registration (iscrizione) of such notice with the Companies’ 
Register of the district where the issuer is enrolled, in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of Article 58 of the Banking Law, the assignment of the relevant receivables will 
also become enforceable against: 
(i) 
the assigned debtors; and 
(ii) 
a receiver in the insolvency of the assigned debtors (so that any payments made by an 
assigned debtor to the purchasing company may not be subject to any claw back 
action according to Article 65 and Article 67 of the Insolvency Law), 
without the need to follow the ordinary rules under Article 1264 of the Italian Civil Code as to 
making the assignment effective against the assigned debtor.

--- Page 222 ---
220 
 
 
 
 
The benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the 
relevant receivables will automatically be transferred to and perfected with the same priority in favour 
of the special purpose vehicle, without the need for any formality or annotations. 
As from the date of publication of the assignment of the relevant receivables in the Official Gazette of 
the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), no legal action may be brought to 
attach the relevant receivables, or the sums derived therefrom, other than for the purposes of enforcing 
the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and to meet the costs of the transaction. 
Notices of the assignment of the Initial Portfolio and of the Further Portfolios pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement were published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale 
della Repubblica Italiana) and were filed with the Companies' Register of Milan. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under Article 67 of the 
Insolvency Law, but only in the event that the transaction is entered into (i) in cases where paragraph 
2 of Article 67 applies, within three months of the adjudication of bankruptcy of the relevant party or  
(ii) in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies, within six months of the adjudication of 
bankruptcy. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the covered bond guarantee 
are subject to the provisions of Article 67, paragraph 4, of the Insolvency Law, pursuant to which the 
provisions of Article 67 relating to the claw back of for-consideration transactions, payments and 
guarantees do not apply to certain transactions. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose vehicle may 
not be subject to any claw back action according to Article 65 and 67 of the Insolvency Law. 
Tests set out in the MEF Decree 
Pursuant to Article 3 of the MEF Decree, the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent 
different from the issuing bank), will have to ensure that, in the context of the transaction, the 
following tests are satisfied on an ongoing basis: 
(i) 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the portfolio shall be greater than or equal to the 
aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding covered bonds; 
(ii) 
the net present value of the portfolio, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the special 
purpose vehicle, including therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging 
arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction, shall be greater than or equal to the net 
present value of the outstanding covered bonds; 
(iii) 
the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the portfolio, net of the costs borne by 
the special purpose vehicle, shall be greater than or equal to the interest and costs due by the 
bank under the outstanding covered bonds, taking also into account any hedging arrangements 
entered into in relation to the transaction. 
Integration Assets 
For the purpose of ensuring compliance with the tests described above and pursuant to Article 2 of the 
MEF Decree, in addition to assets which are eligible in accordance with Article 2, Paragraph 1 of the 
MEF Decree, the following assets may be used for the purpose of the integration of the portfolio: 
(a) 
the creation of deposits with banks incorporated in Eligible States or in a State which attracts 
a risk weight factor equal to 0 per cent. under the "standardised approach" to credit risk 
measurement; 
(b) 
the assignment of securities issued by the banks referred to under (a) above, having a residual 
maturity not exceeding one year, 
(the Integration Assets).

--- Page 223 ---
221 
 
 
 
 
Integration through Integration Assets shall be allowed within the limits of 15 per cent. of the nominal 
value of the assets included in the portfolio. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 7-bis of Law 130 and the MEF Decree, integration of the portfolio, 
whether through eligible assets or Integration Assets (the Integration) shall be carried out in 
accordance with the modalities, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI OBG Regulations. 
More specifically, under the BoI OBG Regulations, Integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose 
of (a) complying with tests set out in the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any contractual 
overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements; and (c) complying 
with the 15 per cent. limitation of the Integration Assets included in the portfolio. The limits to the 
assignment indicated above do not apply to the Integration. 
The Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI OBG Regulations. 
The features of the covered bond guarantee 
According to Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the covered bond guarantee shall be limited recourse to 
the portfolio, irrevocable, first demand, unconditional and autonomous from the obligations assumed 
by the issuer of the covered bonds. Accordingly, such obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated obligation of the special purpose vehicle, limited recourse to the special purpose 
vehicle’s available funds, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the 
guaranteed obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds. 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the covered bond guarantee, Article 4 of 
the MEF Decree provides that the following provisions of the Italian Civil Code, generally applicable 
to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), shall not apply to the covered bond guarantee: (a) Article 1939, 
providing that a fideiussione shall not generally be valid where the guaranteed obligation is not valid; 
(b) Article 1941, paragraph 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due by the 
guaranteed debtor, nor can it be granted for conditions more onerous than those pertaining to the main 
obligation; (c) Article 1944, paragraph 2, providing, inter alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant 
to which the fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall not be obliged to pay before the 
attachment is carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) Article 1945, providing that the guarantor 
can raise against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is entitled to 
raise, except for the objection relating to the lack of legal capacity; (e) Article 1955, providing that a 
fideiussione shall become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence of acts of the creditor, the 
guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and liens (privilegi) of 
the creditor; (f) Article 1956, providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be liable 
where the creditor – without the authorisation of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third party, 
while being aware that the economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that recovering the 
receivable would have become significantly more difficult; (g) Article 1957, providing, inter alia, that 
the guarantor will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has become due and payable, provided 
that the creditor has filed its claim against the guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently 
pursued them. 
The obligations of the covered bond guarantor following a liquidation of the Issuer 
The MEF Decree also sets out certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment 
obligations of the special purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the issuer of covered bonds . To 
that effect it requires that the covered bond guarantee contains provisions stating that the relevant 
obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon the issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the 
covered bonds shall not automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, Article 4 of the MEF Decree provides that in the event of a breach by the issuer of 
its obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the 
obligations of the issuer – within the limits of the portfolio – in accordance with the terms and 
conditions originally set out for the covered bonds. The same provision applies where the issuer is 
subject to mandatory liquidation procedures (liquidazione coatta amministrativa).

--- Page 224 ---
222 
 
 
 
 
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by Article 1186 of the 
Civil Code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the special purpose 
vehicle under the covered bond guarantee. Pursuant to Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the limitation in 
the application of Article 1186 of the Civil Code shall apply not only to the events expressly 
mentioned therein, but also to any additional event of acceleration provided for in the relevant 
contractual arrangements. 
In accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree, in case of a liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa of the issuer, the special purpose vehicle shall exercise the rights of the covered 
bondholders vis-à-vis the issuer in accordance with the legal regime applicable to the issuer. Any 
amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle as a result of the exercise of such rights shall be 
deemed to be included in the portfolio. 
The Bank of Italy shall supervise on the compliance with the aforesaid provisions, within the limits of 
the powers vested with the Bank of Italy by the Banking Law. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI OBG Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of 
Covered Bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios to the 
special purpose vehicle, both in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the assigning bank 
shall request to an auditing firm a confirmation (relazione di stima) stating that, on the basis of the 
activities carried out by that auditing firm, there are no reasons to believe that the appraisal criteria 
utilised in order to determine the purchase price of the assigned assets are not in line with the criteria 
which the assigning bank must apply when preparing its financial statements. The above mentioned 
confirmation is not required if the assignment is made at the book value, as recorded in the latest 
approved financial statements of the assigning bank, on which the auditors have issued a clean 
opinion. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if any difference between the book value 
and the purchase price of the relevant assets is exclusively due to standard financial fluctuations of the 
relevant assets and is not in any way related to reductions in the qualitative aspects of those assets 
and/or the credit risk related to the relevant debtors. 
The management body of the issuing bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the 
risk management verify at least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia: 
(i) 
quality and integrity of the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle securing the obligations 
undertaken by the latter; 
(ii) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the portfolio sold to 
the special purpose vehicle for purposes of backing the issue, in accordance with the MEF 
Decree; 
(iii) 
compliance with the limits to the assignment and the limits to Integration set out by the BoI 
OBG Regulations; 
(iv) 
effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements 
entered into in connection with the transaction; and 
(v) 
completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information available to investors pursuant to art. 
129, paragraph 7, of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an 
assessment is carried out on the legal aspects (profili giuridici) of the activity on the basis of specially 
issued legal opinions setting out an in-depth analysis of the contractual structures and schemes 
adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, the characteristics of the covered bond guarantee. 
The BoI OBG Regulations also contain certain provisions on the asset monitor, who is delegated to 
carry out controls over the regularity of the transaction (regolarità dell’operazione) and the integrity

--- Page 225 ---
223 
 
 
 
 
of the covered bond guarantee (integrità della garanzia) (the Asset Monitor). Due to the latest 
amendments to the BoI OBG Regulations, introduced by way of inclusion of new Third Part, Chapter 
3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, the 
Asset Monitor is also requested to carry out controls over the information to be provided to investors 
(informativa agli investitori). Pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations, the Asset Monitor shall be an 
auditing firm having adequate professional experience in relation to the tasks entrusted with the same 
and independent from (a) the bank entrusting the same and (b) the other entities which take part to the 
transaction. In order to meet this independence requirement the auditing firm entrusted with the 
monitoring must be different from the one entrusted with the auditing of the issuing bank and the 
selling bank (if different from the issuing bank) and the special purpose vehicle. 
The Asset Monitor shall prepare annual reports on controls and assessments on the performance of 
transactions, to be addressed, inter alia, to the body entrusted with control functions of the bank 
which appointed the Asset Monitor. The BoI OBG Regulations refer to the provisions (Article 52 and 
61, paragraph 5, of the Banking Law), which impose on persons responsible for such control 
functions specific obligations to report to the Bank of Italy. Such reference appears to be aimed at 
ensuring that any irregularities found are reported to the Bank of Italy. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can perform, in an orderly and timely manner, the 
obligations arising under the covered bond guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability 
management techniques for purposes of ensuring, including by way of specific controls at least every 
six months, that the payment dates of the cash-flows generated by the portfolio substantially match 
the payments dates with respect to payments due by the issuing bank under the covered bonds issued 
and other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bonds transactions shall assume 
contractual undertakings allowing the issuing bank (and the assigning bank, if different) also acting as 
servicer (and any third party servicer, if appointed) to hold the information on the portfolio which are 
necessary to carry out the controls described in the BoI OBG Regulations and for the compliance with 
the supervisory reporting obligations, including therein the obligations arising in connection with the 
participation to the central credit register (Centrale dei Rischi). 
Set-off  
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the 
Banking Law. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment becomes 
enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the later of: (i) the date of the publication of the notice 
of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana), and (ii) the date of registration of the notice of assignment in the Companies’ Register of the 
place where the Covered Bond Guarantor has its registered office. Consequently, the rights of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the Debtors against the Seller, 
including rights of set-off on claims existing prior to publication in the Official Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and registration in the Companies' 
Register of the place where the Covered Bond Guarantor has its registered office. In addition, the 
exercise of set-off rights by Debtors may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Portfolio and, 
ultimately, the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Law Decree No. 145 introduced, inter alia, certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a 
consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by Law 130 that the Debtors cannot 
exercise rights of set-off against the Covered Bond Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller 
after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
Usury Law 
Pursuant to the Usury Law, lenders are prevented from applying interest rates higher than those 
deemed to be usurious (the Usury Rates). Usury Rates are set on a quarterly basis by a Decree issued

--- Page 226 ---
224 
 
 
 
 
by the Italian Treasury. With a view to limiting the impact of the application of the Usury Law to 
Italian loans executed prior to the entering into force of the Usury Law, Italian Law No. 24 of 28 
February 2001 (Law 24/2001) provides (by means of interpreting the provisions of the Usury Law) 
that an interest rate is usurious if it is higher than the relevant limit in force at the time at which such 
interest rate is promised or agreed, regardless of the time at which interest is repaid by the borrower. 
A few commentators and debatable lower court decisions have held that, irrespective of the principle 
set out in Law 24/2001, if interest originally agreed at a rate falling below the then applicable usury 
limit (and thus, not usurious) were, at a later date, to exceed the usury limit from time to time in force, 
such interest should nonetheless be reduced to the then applicable usury limit. The Italian Supreme 
Court (Corte di Cassazione), under decision No. 24675 of 19 October 2017, rejected such 
interpreation and it clarified that only the moment of execution of the agreement is relevant to verify 
if the interest rate is usurious in the mortgage loans with fixed interest rate. In the last years, a number 
of objection have been raised on the basis of the excess of the usury limit from the sum of the default 
interest and the compensatory rate, based on the errouneous interpretation under decision of the Italian 
Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) no. 350 of 2013 that the default interest is relevant for the 
purposes of determining if an interest rate is usurious. Such interpretation has been constantly rejected 
by the Italian Courts. Other objections raised in the last years are based on the violation of the Usury 
Law by, for example, the sole default interest exceeding the usury limit or making reference to 
additional components (such as penalties and insurance policies). In this respect, the Italian Courts 
have not reached an unanimous position. 
 
Indeed, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 dated 
18 September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, also 
default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with the 
Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the 
‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the 
entire amount referable to the rate which determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as 
unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the Supreme Court. 
In addition to the above and according to recent court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte 
di Cassazione), the remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate 
from time to time applicable. Based on this recent evolution of case law on the matter, it will 
constitute a breach of the Usury Law if the remuneration of a financing is lower than the applicable 
Usury Rate at the time the terms of the financing were agreed but becomes higher than the applicable 
Usury Rate at any point in time thereafter. 
 
Compounding of interest 
 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, 
accrued interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when 
any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of 
the Italian Civil Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised 
customary practices to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy 
have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice 
could be characterised as a customary practice. In 1999, the Italian Court of Cassation reversed its 
stance and found the quarterly capitalisation of interest payable on current accounts to be unlawful. 
Following this decision, a series of disputes emerged on the subject of the capitalisation of interest for 
contracts executed prior to that date, whereas the problem was partly resolved for contracts executed 
after the amendment of Art. 120 of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the “Banking Act”) introduced in the interim by Legislative Decree No. 342/1999, which made it 
legal to capitalise interest payable and receivable, provided that both occur with the same frequency. 
Recently, article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law No. 49 of 8 April 
2016 amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Law, providing that the accrued interest shall

--- Page 227 ---
225 
 
 
 
 
not produce further interest, except for default interest, and is calculated exclusively on the principal 
amount. Paragraph 2 of article 120 of the Banking Law also requires the Comitato Interministeriale 
per il Credito e il Risparmio (CICR) to establish the methods and criteria for the compounding of 
interest. Decree No. 343 of 3 August 2016 of the CICR, implementing paragraph 2 of Article 120 of 
the Banking Law, has been published in the Official Gazette No. 212 of 10 September 2016. 
 
Mortgage borrower protection 
 
Certain legislations enacted in Italy, have given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors 
and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia: 
· 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a 
penalty or, in respect of mortgage loan agreements entered into before 2 February 2007, at a 
reduced penalty rate (article 120-ter of the Consolidated Banking Act, introduced by 
Legislative Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative Decree No. 218 of 
14 December 2010); 
· 
the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan 
and/or the right to request subrogation by an assignee bank into the rights of their creditors in 
accordance with article 1202 (surrogazione per volontà del debitore) of the Civil Code, by 
eliminating the limits and costs previously borne by the borrowers for the exercise of such 
right (article 120-quater of the Consolidated Banking Act, introduced by Legislative Decree 
No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative Decree No. 218 of 14 December 
2010); 
· 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a 
maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months (the Suspension) 
(originally introduced by Italian Law No. 244 of 24 December 2007, the 2008 Budget Law), 
which has now been extended also to the circumstance of the suspension from work or 
reduction of working hours for a period of at least 30 days even where the issuance of 
measures of income support is pending (Law Decree No. 18 of 17 March 2020, as 
subsequently supplemented by Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 25 March 
2020, amended by Law Decree no. 22 of 8 April 2020 and converted into law no. 27 of 24 
April 2020, the Covid Law). In addition to the Suspension, the Covid Law has also 
introduced a 9-month temporary regime (the Temporary Regime), which provides for 
additional opportunities of suspension (e.g. in case of fall in turnover (calo del fatturato) of 
self-employed individuals with a VAT code number and independent contractors (lavoratori 
autonomi and liberi professionisti) during a quarter falling after (or within the shorter term 
between the date of request and) 21 February 2020). It shall be noted that, upon expiry of the 
Temporary Regime, the set of rules under the previously existing legislative framework will 
remain applicable; 
· 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) damages 
which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in the 
relevant municipalities up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency as 
per Council of Ministers Order dated 20 September 2017 and declaration of up to 180 days 
state of emergency caused by exceptional weather conditions in Livorno, Rosignano 
Marittimo e Collesalvetti (published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 226 of 27 September 2017 (Order 226). 
· 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) damages 
which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in the

--- Page 228 ---
226 
 
 
 
 
relevant municipalities up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency as 
per Council of Ministers Order dated 8 September 2017 and declaration of up to 180 days 
state of emergency caused by an earthquake in the Ischia Island (published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 218 of 18 
September 2017 (Order 218)  
· 
the right to (i) suspend payments (principal instalments only) for a period of up to 12 months; 
or (ii) to extend the duration up to 100% of the residual term of the loan, in each case subject 
to the possible increase of the rate of interest and request of additional security interests or 
guarantees by the lender ("Accordo per il Credito 2019" entered into between ABI and the 
major associations representing the Italian SMEs on 15 November 2018). As a consequence 
of the COVID outbreak, the aforesaid measures have now been extended to loans outstanding 
as at 31 January 2020 and disbursed in favour of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
adversely affected by the pandemic (ABI Addendum to the Accordo per il Credito 2019 of 6 
March 2020) and in favour of large enterprises (ABI Addendum to the Accordo per il Credito 
2019 of 22 May 2020; 
· 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) damages 
which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in the 
relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency as per 
Order no. 598 of 25 July 2019 of the Head of Civil Protection (published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 182 of 5 
August 2019), implementing Council of Ministers Order dated 1 July 2019 (published in the 
Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 
161 of 11 July 2019) as a consequence of the meteorological events occurred on 11 and 12 
June 2019 in the territories of Brescia, Lecco e Sondrio; 
· 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
impossibility to access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in the 
relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency as per 
Order no. 615 of 16 November 2019 of the Head of Civil Protection (published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 274 of 22 
November 2019), implementing Council of Ministers Order dated 14 November 2019 
(published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 270 of 18 November 2019) which declared a 12 month state of 
emergency caused by the exceptional meteorological events occurred from 19 to 22 October 
2019 in the territory of Alessandria; 
· 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
impossibility to access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in the 
relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency as per 
Order no. 616 of 16 November 2019 of the Head of Civil Protection (published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 273 of 21 
November 2019), implementing Council of Ministers Order dated 14 November 2019 
(published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 270 of 18 November 2019) which declared the 12 month state of 
emergency caused by the meteorological events occurred from 12 November 2019 in the 
territory of Venice; 
· 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) damages 
which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in the 
relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency as per 
Order no. 619 of 5 December 2019 of the Head of Civil Protection (published in the Official

--- Page 229 ---
227 
 
 
 
 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 291 of 12 
December 2019), implementing Council of Ministers Order dated 21 November 2019 
(published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 281 of 30 November 2019) which declared the 12 month state of 
emergency caused by the meteorological events occurred in the territories of Agrigento, 
Catania, Enna, Messina, Palermo, Ragusa, Siracusa and Trapani; 
· 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) damages 
which do not permit access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in the 
relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency as per 
Order no. 620 of 6 December 2019 of the Head of Civil Protection (published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 294 of 16 
December 2019), implementing Council of Ministers Order dated 6 November 2019 
(published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 267 of 14 November 2019) which declared the 12 month state of 
emergency caused by the meteorological events occurred in the territory of Formazza 
(Verbano-Cusio-Ossola), as a consequence of the meteorological events occurred on 11 and 
12 June 2019; 
· 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans in case of (i) 
impossibility to access to the relevant building, (ii) commercial businesses located in the 
relevant building up to a maximum period corresponding to the state of emergency as per 
Order no. 622 of 17 December 2019 of the Head of Civil Protection (published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 299 of 21 
December 2019), implementing Council of Ministers Order dated 2 December 2019 
(published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 291 of 12 November 2019) which extended the effects of the 12 
month state of emergency declared on 14 November for the territories of Alessandria also to 
the territories of Abruzzo, Basilicata, Calabria, Campania, Emilia-Romagna, Friuli-Venezia 
Giulia, Liguria, Marche, Piemonte, Puglia, Toscana e Veneto damaged by meteorological 
events in November; 
· 
12 month extension of the state of emergency declared by Council of Ministers Order dated 
28 December 2019 relating to the territories of Catania as a consequence of an earthquake, 
with the possibility to extend the suspension in favour of people damaged by such event up to 
28 December 2020 (Council of Ministers Order dated 21 December 2019); 
· 
large-scale moratoria for the purposes of supporting micro-enterprises and small medium-
sized enterprises, which grant (i) the freezing of the lenders' right to revoke credit facilities; 
and (ii) the suspension by operation of law of financings repaid by way of instalments, in each 
case until 30 September 2020 (Covid Law, as defined above). It should be noted that the 
amortisation plan relating to the suspended instalments (together with any accessory rights 
relating thereto) is consistently extended without further formalities in a manner which 
ensures that no higher charges are borne by the lender or the borrower; 
· 
the right to suspend principal instalment payments under mortgage loans or other loans 
subject to an amortisation plan by way of instalments for a maximum aggregate period of 12 
months, granted in favour of certain categories of borrowers that cannot benefit from the 
Suspension, upon occurrence of specific events (e.g. termination of employment relationships, 
borrower's death or recognition of disability or civil invalidity, suspension from work or 
reduction of working hours for a period of at least 30 days even where the issuance of 
measures of income support is pending) (ABI convention of 21 April 2020, entered into 
between ABI and the major associations representing consumers).

--- Page 230 ---
228 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit 
agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the Mortgage Credit Directive) 
sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a 
mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property. The Mortgage Credit Directive 
provides for, amongst other things: 
 
standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information; 
 
adequate explanations to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any ancillary 
service; 
 
calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed formula; 
 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower; 
 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement; and 
 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive came into effect on 20 March 2014. 
On 1 June 2015, in accordance with Article 18, Article 20(1) and Article 28 of the Mortgage Credit 
Directive, the EBA published its final Guidelines on creditworthiness assessment, as well as its final 
Guidelines on arrears and foreclosure, that support the national implementation by Member States o f 
the Mortgage Credit Directive. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by way of Legislative Decree no. 72 of 
21 April 2016 (Legislative Decree 72). Legislative Decree 72 introduced into the Banking Law, 
under Title VI, a new Chapter 1-bis in relation to consumer mortgage credit, including, inter alia, a 
new Article 120 quinquiesdecies, pursuant to which a consumer and an entity authorised to grant 
loans in a professional manner in the Republic of Italy who are parties to a mortgage credit agreement 
may expressly agree, subject to the provisions of Article 2744 of the Italian Civil Code, that, in case 
of non-payment of eighteen monthly instalments by the relevant debtor, the property of the debtor 
subject to security or the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be transferred to the creditor in 
discharge of all the outstanding obligations of the debtor vis-à-vis the creditor (even if the value of 
such property or the amount of such proceeds is lower than the residual debt). In the event that the 
value of the property of the debtor subject to security or amount of the proceeds deriving from the sale 
thereof is higher than the residual debt, the debtor will be entitled to receive the excess amount. The 
value of the property shall be determined by an independent expert chosen by the parties, or, if an 
agreement on the appointment of the expert is not reached between them, by the president of the 
competent court (Presidente del Tribunale competente). 
The provisions introduced by the Legislative Decree 72 allow the automatic transfer of the property 
subject to security from the debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the relevant outstanding 
obligations.  
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance - Chairman of CICR (Comitato 
Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the Decree 380) which 
implemented Chapter 1-bis of Title VI of the Banking Law, with the view to creating a transparent 
and efficient market for consumer mortgage credit and providing an adequate level of protection to 
consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 September 2016 the Bank of Italy has published an amended 
version of its regulations on transparency of banking and financial operations (Trasparenza delle 
operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari. Correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti). 
 
Patto Marciano

--- Page 231 ---
229 
 
 
 
 
On 4 May 2016, Law Decree 3 May 2016, no. 59 (Decree 59) came into force introducing, inter alia, 
a new article 48-bis into the Banking Law (Article 48-bis). The Decree 59 has been converted into 
Law No. 119 of 30 June 2016, as published in the Offical Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 153 of 
2 July 2016.  
Pursuant to Article 48-bis, a loan agreement entered into between an entrepreneur and a bank, or 
another entity authorised to grant loans to the public pursuant to article 106 of the Banking Law, may 
be secured by transferring to the creditor (or to a company of the creditor’s group authorised to 
purchase, hold, manage and transfer rights in rem in immovable property), the ownership of a 
property or of another immovable right of the entrepreneur or of a third party (which is not the main 
home of the owner, of the spouse or of his relatives and in-laws up to the third degree). Such transfer 
is subject to the condition precedent of the debtor defaulting (so-called “Patto Marciano”, hereafter 
the Covenant). 
The Covenant may be stipulated on entering into the loan agreement or, in respect of loan agreements 
in existence on the date of entry into force of Article 48-bis, under a notarial deed made in the context 
of subsequent amendments. If the loan is already secured by a mortgage, the transfer subject to the 
condition precedent of the default, once registered, prevails over annotations and registrations carried 
out after the mortgage entry.  
The default occurs: (i) in case of repayment in monthly instalments, when the failure to pay continues 
for more than nine months after the expiry of at least three instalments, even if not consecutive, and 
(ii) in case of repayment in a single instalment or with instalments in periods of more than one month 
(e.g. quarterly or semi-annual instalments), once nine months have elapsed after the expiry of an 
unpaid instalment, provided that the aforesaid nine-month periods shall be extended to twelve months 
if the debtor has repaid at least 85 per cent. of the loan. 
In the event of default, the creditor is entitled to avail itself of the effects of the Covenant provided 
that any difference between the valuation of the right - as assessed by an expert appointed by the court 
upon request of the creditor - and the total amount of outstanding debt and transfer costs is paid back 
to the debtor. 
Use may be made of the transfer pursuant to article 2 of the Decree 59 even in cases where the right in 
rem in immovable property covered by the Covenant is subject to forced sale due to expropriation. In 
this case, the assessment of the debtor’s default is carried out - at the creditor’s request - by the 
enforcement court, and the valuation is made by the expert appointed by such court. The transfer to 
the creditor is subject - in accordance with the procedures established by the enforcement court - to 
the payment of enforcement charges and of any prior creditors or of any difference between the 
valuation of the asset and the amount of the unsettled debt. The same procedure applies, insofar as it 
is compatible, also in cases where the right in rem in immovable property is subject to enforcement in 
accordance with Presidential Decree D.P.R. no. 602/1973 or if, after the Covenant is registered, the 
debtor goes bankrupt. 
The provisions introduced by the Decree 59 allow the automatic application of the Covenant upon the 
occurrence of a default (as described above) of the debtor.

--- Page 232 ---
230 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions and, each 
of them, a Condition). In these Conditions, references to the holder of Covered Bonds and to the 
Covered Bondholders are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced 
by book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the 
Financial Law and the relevant implementing regulations, and (ii) Regulation 13 August 2018 and 
published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit 
of, inter alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to, and 
forming part of, these Conditions.  
1 
Introduction 
(a) 
The Programme: Intesa Sanpaolo (the Issuer) has established on the Programme Date a 
Covered Bond Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to an aggregate principal 
amount of €55,000,000,000 covered bonds (the Covered Bonds) guaranteed by ISP OBG 
S.r.l. (the Covered Bond Guarantor). Covered Bonds are and will be issued pursuant to 
Article 7-bis of Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended and/or supplemented from time to 
time, Law 130), the Decree of the Ministry for the Economy and Finance of 14 December 
2006 No. 310 (the MEF Decree) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating 
to covered bonds under Third Part, Chapter 3, of the circular No. 285 dated 17 December 
2013, containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza prudenziali per le banche" as further 
implemented and amended (the BoI OBG Regulations and, jointly with Law 130 and the 
MEF Decree, the OBG Regulations). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a Tranche). Each Series is the subject of final terms (the 
Final Terms) which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series of Covered Bonds are these Conditions. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is the subject of a 
guarantee dated on or about the Programme Date (the Covered Bond Guarantee) entered 
into by the Covered Bond Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from 
the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche issued under the 
Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by a cover pool constituted 
by certain assets assigned from time to time to the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the 
Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement (as defined below) and in 
accordance with the provisions of Law 130, the MEF Decree and the BoI OBG Regulations. 
The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the cover pool. Payments made by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments (as defined below). 
(d) 
Dealer Agreement and Subscription Agreement: In respect of each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) has or 
have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay to the Issuer the Issue Price for the 
Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a dealer agreement dated on or about the 
Programme Date (the Dealer Agreement) between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and the dealer(s) named therein (the Dealers), as supplemented (if applicable) by a 
subscription agreement entered (or to be entered) into between the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) on or about the date of the relevant 
Final Terms (the Subscription Agreement). Under the Dealer Agreement, each of the 
Dealers has appointed Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.  (formerly known as 
Finanziaria Internazionale Securitisation Group S.p.A. and then as FISG S.r.l.) as

--- Page 233 ---
231 
 
 
 
 
representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders), as described under Condition 13 (Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders). 
(e) 
Master Definitions Agreement: Under a master definitions agreement dated on or about the 
Programme Date (the Master Definitions Agreement) between all the parties to each of the 
Transaction Documents (as defined below), the definitions of certain terms used in the 
Transaction Documents have been agreed. 
(f) 
The Covered Bonds: Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these 
Conditions to Covered Bonds are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant 
Final Terms, but all references to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds are to (i) the 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which remains outstanding from time 
to time. 
(g) 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders: The Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Conditions. References in 
these Conditions to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders include 
such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein 
and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(h) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction 
Documents and are subject to the detailed provisions thereof. Covered Bondholders are 
entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of 
the Transaction Documents applicable to them. Copies of the Transaction Documents (i) are 
available for inspection or collection by Covered Bondholders during normal business hours 
at the registered office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time 
and, where applicable, at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent or (ii) may be 
provided by email to the Noteholders following their prior written request to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, any Paying Agent and provision of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the Representative of the Noteholders, the relevant Paying 
Agent, as the case may be).  
2 
Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Account Bank means the entity appointed as account bank by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant 
to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, being, as at the Programme Date, Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A.; 
Additional Business Centre has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Seller or Additional Servicer means any bank, other than the Sellers and the Servicers, 
being a member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which may sell Eligible Assets or Integration Assets to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, and which, for such 
purpose, shall, inter alia, accede to (i) the Master Transfer Agreement, (ii) the Servicing Agreement, 
and (iii) the Intercreditor Agreement (which will be amended in order to take into account the 
granting of additional subordinated loans) and execute the other Transaction Documents executed by 
the Sellers and the Servicers;   
Administrative Services Agreement means the administrative services agreement entered into 
between the Administrative Services Provider and the Covered Bond Guarantor, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time;

--- Page 234 ---
232 
 
 
 
 
Administrative Services Provider means the entity appointed from time to time as administrative 
services provider by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement 
being, as at the Programme Date, Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement; 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
Amortisation Test has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement; 
Article 74 Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(a) (Article 74 Event); 
Article 74 Notice to Pay means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement 
upon the occurrence of an Article 74 Event; 
Asset Hedging Counterparty means the entity appointed as hedging counterparty in accordance with 
the Asset Swaps and any successor thereof; 
Asset Monitor means the auditing company appointed from time to time as asset monitor by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement being, as at the Programme Date, 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.; 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the 
Programme Date between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Asset Swaps means the swap agreements entered into from time to time between the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Asset Hedging Counterparty for hedging the currency and/or interest rate risk on 
each Portfolio, as each of them may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Available Funds means the aggregate of (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available 
Funds and (c) following an Issuer Event of Default, the Excess Proceeds;

--- Page 235 ---
233 
 
 
 
 
Banking Law means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, or 
will cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate (as applicable) 
that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market and such representativeness is no longer restored; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholders using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation, if 
applicable). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Reference Rate 
methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Event. In the event of a change in the formula and/or 
(mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Relevant Benchmark, reference shall be 
made to the Reference Rate based on the formula and/or methodology as changed. 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in Luxembourg, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre; 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given to it in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in 
relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought back to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 236 ---
234 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
Calculation Agent means the entity appointed as calculation agent by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, being, as at the Programme Date, Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement means the cash management and agency agreement 
entered into on or about the Programme Date between, inter alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the Receivables Account Banks, the Servicers, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Paying 
Agent, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Cash Manager means the entity appointed as cash manager by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant 
to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, being, as at the Programme Date, Intesa Sanpaolo; 
CB Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in case 
of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the 
next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date); 
CB Payment Date means the First CB Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first CB Payment Date) or the previous CB Payment Date (in any other case); 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg; 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa; 
Covered Bondholders means the holders of Covered Bonds, from time to time, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title);

--- Page 237 ---
235 
 
 
 
 
Covered Bond Guarantor means ISP OBG S.r.l., a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) incorporated in the Republic of Italy pursuant to article 7 bis of Law 130, with 
share capital equal to €42,038.00 (fully paid up) whose registered office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 
20121 Milan, Italy, enrolled with the Companies' Register of Milan, under no. 05936010965, 
belonging to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, subject to the direction and coordination (direzione e 
coordinamento), pursuant to Article 2497-bis of the Italian Civil Code, of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement 
upon the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default; 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d) (Covered 
Bond Guarantor Events of Default); 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
Relevant Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Relevant Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Relevant Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Relevant Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Relevant Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Relevant Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in 
any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Relevant Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Relevant Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Relevant Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Relevant 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Relevant Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Relevant Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 (Fixed rate) (in respect of Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions)) is so specified, 
means the number of days in the Relevant Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of 
the Relevant Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Relevant Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Relevant 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not 
be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(vi) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the CB Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a CB Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366;

--- Page 238 ---
236 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
if 30/360 (Floating Rate) (in respect of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions)) is so 
specified, the number of days in the Relevant Period in respect of which payment is being 
made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Relevant Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Relevant Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Relevant 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Relevant Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Relevant Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Relevant Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Relevant Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Relevant Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Relevant Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Relevant 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Relevant Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Relevant Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Relevant Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Relevant Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Relevant Period falls;

--- Page 239 ---
237 
 
 
 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Relevant Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Relevant 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Relevant Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Relevant Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Relevant Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Relevant Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Relevant Period to, but excluding, the last day of the Relevant 
Period; 
DBRS means DBRS Ratings GmbH. 
Decree 213 means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 213 of 24 June 1998, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Decree 239 means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Decree 461 means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as amended by 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 June 1998), as amended and/or supplemented from time to 
time; 
Decree 512 means the Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Decree 600 means the Italian Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Deed of Charge and Assignment means the deed of charge and assignment dated on the First Issue 
Date between the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for 
itself and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Secured Creditors, pursuant to which 
the Covered Bond Guarantor has charged in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(for itself and on trust for the Covered Bondholders and the Other Secured Creditors) all of its rights, 
title and interest from time to time in and to the Swap Agreements; 
Due for Payment Date has the meaning given to it under the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount outstanding of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, 
or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Early Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is to be 
redeemed pursuant to Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons); 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
Eligible Assets means (i) the Receivables, and (ii) the Public Assets meeting the requirements of 
Article 2, Paragraph 1 (c) of the MEF Decree, which are sold and assigned by the Sellers, or any 
Additional Seller, to the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time under the terms of the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement;

--- Page 240 ---
238 
 
 
 
 
EMIR Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European Parliament and Council 
dated 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories, as supplemented 
by the relevant delegated regulations, as amended from time to time. 
English Law Transaction Documents means the Asset Swaps, the Liability Swaps (if any) and the 
Deed of Charge and Assignment and any document or agreement governed by English law which 
supplements, amends or restates the content of any of those documents and any other document 
governed by English law designated as such by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders;  
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
Excess Proceeds means the amounts received by the Covered Bond Guarantor as a result of any 
enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree; 
Extendable Maturity has the meaning given to it under Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity); 
Extended Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the date if 
any specified as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of 
the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 
8(b) (Extension of maturity);  
Extension Determination Date means the date falling four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date; 
Extraordinary Meeting has the meaning given to it in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders attached to these Conditions; 
Final Redemption Amount means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, representing the amount due (subject to the 
applicable grace period) in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bond; 
Financial Law means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
First Issue Date means the date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds; 
First CB Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
First Special Servicer means the entity appointed as such under the Servicing Agreement; 
First Special Servicer’s Delegates means any entity appointed as such by the First Special Servicer 
in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Further Portfolio means any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets transferred from 
time to time by the Sellers to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the 
Master Transfer Agreement;  
Guaranteed Amounts means (i) prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice, with respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the 
Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for 
Payment Date, or (ii) after the service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, an amount 
equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other 
amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Scheduled Interest 
Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and all amounts  
payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Transaction Documents, provided that any 
Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity Date shall be paid on such dates and 
at such rates as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any 
Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders, to 
the extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver or

--- Page 241 ---
239 
 
 
 
 
liquidator, in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in 
the Order, and has not been paid or recovered from any other source (the Clawed Back Amounts). In 
each case the Guaranteed Amounts does not include any additional amounts payable under Condition 
10(a) (Gross up by Issuer); 
Guarantor Payment Date means 20 February, 20 May, 20 August and 20 November in each 
calendar year, or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day or, 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, any day on which any 
payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
the Covered Bond Guarantee, the relevant Final Terms and the Intercreditor Agreement;  
Hedging Counterparties means, collectively, the Asset Hedging Counterparties and the Liability 
Hedging Counterparties; 
Hedging Senior Payment means, on any relevant date, any interest and/or principal payment due 
under any Asset Swap or Liability Swap, as the case may be, including any termination payment 
arising out of a termination event, other than termination payments where the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty is the defaulting party or the sole affected party, but including, in any event, the amount 
of any termination payment due and payable to the relevant Hedging Counterparty in relation to the 
termination of the relevant swap transactions to the extent of any premium received (net of any costs 
reasonably incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor to find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in consideration for entering 
into swap transactions with the Covered Bond Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant Asset 
Swaps or Liability Swaps; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Initial Portfolio means each portfolio of Eligible Assets transferred on 31 May 2012, by Intesa 
Sanpaolo and Banco di Napoli S.p.A. to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the 
provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement; 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of any company or corporation, that such company or 
corporation has become subject to an Insolvency Proceeding or is no longer able to fulfil its 
obligations; 
Insolvency Proceedings means bankruptcy (fallimento) or any other insolvency proceeding 
(procedura concorsuale) under Italian law (in particolar, under the Banking Law and the Insolvency 
Law) or analogous proceedings in any jurisdiction (as the case may be), including, but not limited to, 
any reorganisation measure (procedura di risanamento) or winding-up proceedings (procedura di 
liquidazione), of any nature, court settlement with creditors in pre-bankruptcy proceedings 
(concordato preventivo), out-of-court settlements with creditors (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti 
and piani di risanamento), extraordinary administration (amministrazione straordinaria, including 
amministrazione straordinaria delle grandi imprese in stato di insolvenza), or any analogous 
insolvency proceeding or other proceeding which otherwise triggers the sale of the assets of the 
relevant entity in accordance with the provisions of the law of any relevant jurisdiction (as the case 
may be); 
Integration Assets means the assets meeting the requirements of Article 2, Paragraph 3, numbers 2 
and 3 of the MEF Decree; 
Integration Assignment means the assignments of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets made in 
order to restore the respect of the applicable Tests for which a breach has been verified or in order to 
prevent such breach; 
Intercreditor Agreement means the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Programme 
Date between, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Sellers, the Servicers, the Issuer, the Calculation

--- Page 242 ---
240 
 
 
 
 
Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and a CB Interest 
Period, the amount of interest payable in respect of that Series or Tranche for that CB Interest Period; 
Interest Available Funds has the meaning given to it under the Master Definitions Agreement; 
Interest Commencement Date means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds , the 
Issue Date of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Intesa Sanpaolo means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a bank organised as a joint stock company under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121, Turin, Italy 
and secondary office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121, Milan, Italy, incorporated with Fiscal Code 
number and registration number with the Turin Register of Enterprises 00799960158, VAT number 
11991500015, and registered with the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the Banking Law under 
number 5361, head of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, agreed into the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei 
Depositi and into the Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated prior to the entering 
into each Transaction under the Swap Agreements, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.; or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative 
Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds) as specified in the 
applicable final terms; and available on www.ISDA.org; 
Issue Date has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Term; 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(c) (Issuer Events of Default); 
Italian Civil Code means the Italian Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time; 
Italian Law Transaction Documents means the Master Transfer Agreement and each Transfer 
Agreement entered into in accordance with the provisions thereof, the Servicing Agreement, the 
Administrative Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, each Subscription 
Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Master Definitions 
Agreement, the Swap Service Agreements, the Conditions, the Final Terms and any document or 
agreement governed by Italian law which supplements, amends or restates the content of any of those 
documents and any other document governed by Italian law designated as such by the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
Liability Hedging Counterparty means the entity appointed as hedging counterparty in accordance 
with the Liability Swaps (if any) and any successor thereof; 
Liability Swaps means the swap agreements entered into on from time to time between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Liability Hedging Counterparty for hedging the interest rate risk and/or the 
currency risk on the Covered Bonds, as each of them may be amended and/or supplemented from time 
to time; 
Luxembourg Listing Agent means the entity appointed as Luxembourg listing agent by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, being, as at the 
Programme Date, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.; 
Margin has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Master Servicer means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other entity appointed as successor Master Servicer 
under the Servicing Agreement;

--- Page 243 ---
241 
 
 
 
 
Master Transfer Agreement means the master transfer agreement entered into on 31 May 2012 
between Intesa Sanpaolo, Banco di Napoli S.p.A. and the Covered Bond Guarantor, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time pursuant to which the Covered Bond Guarantor has purchased 
the Initial Portfolios and has undertaken to purchase, subject to the terms and conditions indicated 
therein, Further Portfolios, from Intesa Sanpaolo, Banco di Napoli S.p.A. and the other Additional 
Sellers (if any); 
Maturity Date has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A. a joint stock company under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza degli Affari 6, Milan, Italy, incorporated with Fiscal Code 
and VAT number 03638780159, registered with the Milan Register of Enterprises under number 
03638780159; 
Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance 
with Article 83-quater of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and includes any 
depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System; 
Notice to Pay means the notice to be served upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant 
to the Intercreditor Agreement; 
Official Gazette means the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana); 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Order has the meaning given to it in the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders means the association of the Covered Bondholders, 
organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
Other Secured Creditors means all the Secured Creditors other than the Covered Bondholders; 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds or any other asset, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such 
loan, bond, Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or asset at such date; 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds means the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the outstanding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
Paying Agent means the entity appointed from time to time as paying agent by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, being, as at the Programme 
Date, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality;

--- Page 244 ---
242 
 
 
 
 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered 
Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds; 
Pledge Agreement means the pledge agreement dated on the First Issue Date between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for itself and in the interest and 
for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Secured Creditors) pursuant to which the 
Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed to pledge in favour of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (for itself and in the interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Other Secured Creditors), all the existing and future monetary rights (including the claims, 
indemnities, compensation for damages, penalties, credit rights and guarantees, but excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Portfolio and the collections arising thereof) to which the Covered Bond 
Guarantor is, or shall be, entitled to under the terms of the Pledged Agreements (as defined under the 
Pledge Agreement) entered into by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the context of the Programme and 
under which the Covered Bond Guarantor may have monetary rights and claims, as security for all the 
Secured Obligations (as defined under the Pledge Agreement); 
Portfolio means the Initial Portfolio and any Further Portfolios, owned by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor; 
Portfolio Administration Agreement means the portfolio administration agreement entered into on 
or about the Programme Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Sellers, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments has the meaning given to it in the Intercreditor 
Agreement; 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments has the meaning given to it in the Intercreditor 
Agreement; 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments has the meaning given to it in the Intercreditor 
Agreement; 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments has the meaning given to it in the Intercreditor 
Agreement; 
Principal Available Funds has the meaning given to it in the Master Definitions Agreement; 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee 
or (in the case of a calculation) by the Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Paying Agent; 
Priorities of Payments means, collectively, the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments, the 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments, the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments and the 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments; 
Programme Date means 25 June 2012; 
Public Assets means Public Loans and Public Securities. 
Public Loans means the loans extended to, or guaranteed by the public entities set forth under article 
2, paragraph 1, letter (c) of the MEF Decree or guaranteed (on the basis of “guarantees valid for the 
purpose of credit risk mitigation” (garanzie valide ai fini della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as 
defined by article 1, para. 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree), by such public entities.

--- Page 245 ---
243 
 
 
 
 
Public Securities means securities satisfying the requirements set forth under article 2, paragraph 1, 
letter c) of the MEF Decree. 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and the Asset Monitor by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of any 
Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the 
Covered Bondholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Covered Bondholder 
upon deposit of Covered Bonds with such Paying Agent by any Covered Bondholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
Quotaholders’ Agreement means the quotaholders' agreement executed on 31 May 2012 by, inter 
alios, the Issuer and Stichting Viridis 2, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
Rating Agency means DBRS, to the extent that, at the relevant time, it provides ratings in respect of 
the then outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Receivables means any and all current, future or potential monetary claims which have arisen or will 
arise in connection with any Mortgage Loan Agreements and any relevant security interests and 
Mortgages, as well as any Integration Assets owned by the Sellers. 
Receivables Account Banks means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other entity appointed by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to act as receivables account bank in accordance with the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Paying Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate; 
Reference Price has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment 
Date to but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
CB Payment Date falls other than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB 
Interest Period;

--- Page 246 ---
244 
 
 
 
 
Regulation 13 August 2018 means the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018, as published on the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made; 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due 
date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given 
to the Covered Bondholders; 
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Series or Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any 
Subscription Agreement entered into with the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor for the issue by 
the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Series or Tranche pursuant to the Dealer 
Agreement; 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
Relevant Time has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Required Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement; 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders means the rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions;  
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(a) 
(A) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of any Guaranteed Amounts is 
reached, and (B) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default, the day which is two 
Business Days following service, respectively, of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not 
been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of such 
Guaranteed Amounts, if such Article 74 Notice to Pay or Notice to Pay has not been served 
more than two Business Days prior to the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the 
relevant series of Covered Bonds, the CB Payment Date that would have applied if the 
Maturity Date of such series of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date or such 
other CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 247 ---
245 
 
 
 
 
Scheduled Interest means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have 
been due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, on each CB Payment Dates as specified 
in the Conditions falling on or after service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor (but excluding any additional amounts 
relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest: the Excluded Scheduled Interest 
Amounts), but including such Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) 
following service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds had not 
become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) or where applicable, after the Maturity Date such other amounts of interest 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, less any additional amounts the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made under the 
circumstances set out in the Conditions; 
Scheduled Payment Date means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each 
CB Payment Date; 
Scheduled Principal means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, on each CB Payment Dates as 
specified in the Conditions falling on or after service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not 
been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor (but excluding any additional 
amounts relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, or 
premiums: the Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts), but including such Excluded Scheduled 
Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) following service of a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity 
Date or, if in accordance with the Final Terms an Extended Maturity Date is applied to such Series or 
Tranche, the Extended Maturity Date of such Series or Tranche; 
Second Special Servicer means the entity appointed as such under the Servicing Agreement; 
Secured Creditors means, collectively, the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Issuer, the Sellers, the Subordinated Loan Providers, the Servicers, the Master 
Servicer, the Special Servicers, the Servicer’s Delegates (if any), the First Special Servicer’s 
Delegates (if any), the Administrative Services Provider, the Account Bank, the Receivables Account 
Banks, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Hedging Counterparties, the Swap 
Service Providers, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Calculation Agent, the Dealers and any 
other entity acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement; 
Selected Assets means the Eligible Assets to be sold by the Covered Bond Guarantor (through the 
Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
Sellers means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as seller under the Master Transfer Agreement and the 
Additional Sellers, as from the date of the accession to the Master Transfer Agreement; 
Series has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions; 
Servicers means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as servicer under the Servicing Agreement and the 
Additional Servicers, as from the date of the accession to the Servicing Agreement; 
Servicer’s Delegates meant any entity appointed as such by the Servicer in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement means the servicing agreement entered into on 31 May 2012 between the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Servicers and the Special Servicers, as amended and/or supplemented 
from time to time; 
Special Servicers means the First Special Servicer, the Second Special Servicer and any other entity 
acting as Special Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement; 
Specified Currency has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 248 ---
246 
 
 
 
 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Office means, as of the Programme Date: 
(i) 
with reference to the Paying Agent, Via Langhirano 1,43100 Parma,Italy;  
(ii) 
with reference to the Receivables Account Banks, Via Verdi 8, Milan, Italyand Via Toledo, 
177/178, Naples, Italy ; 
(iii) 
with reference to the Account Bank Via Verdi 8, Milan, Italy; 
(iv) 
with reference to the Cash Manager, Via Verdi 8, Milan,Italy; 
(v) 
with reference to the Calculation Agent, Via V. Alfieri 1, Conegliano (Treviso),Italy; 
(vi) 
with reference to the Luxembourg Listing Agent, 2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, 
Luxembourg L-1115; 
or such other office in the same city or town as each of the entities indicated above may specify by 
notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement in the 
manner provided therein; 
Specified Period has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
Subordinated Loan Agreement means each subordinated loan agreement entered into on or about 
the Programme Date between each Subordinated Loan Provider and the Covered Bond Guarantor, and 
any subordinated loan agreement that will be entered between the Covered Bond Guarantor and each 
Additional Seller, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Subordinated Loan Providers means Intesa Sanpaolo, and any successor thereof, and any 
Additional Sellers that will be appointed as subordinated loan provider in accordance with the 
respective Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code; 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
Suspension Period means the period of time following an Article 74 Event, in which the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, in accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the 
Guaranteed Amounts due and payable within the entire period in which the suspension continues; 
Swap Agreements means, collectively, the Asset Swaps and the Liability Swaps (if any); 
Swap Service Agreements means certain mandate agreements that the Covered Bond Guarantor has 
entered into and may enter, from time to time, into for the supply to the Covered Bond Guarantor of 
certain services due under the Swap Agreements pursuant to the EMIR Regulation; 
Swap Service Providers means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party that has entered or will enter, 
from time to time, into a Swap Service Agreement. 
TARGET2 Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system) is open; 
Tests means, jointly, the Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test, the Interest Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test, as respectively defined under the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
Transaction Documents means, collectively, the Italian Law Transaction Documents and the English 
Law Transaction Documents and any other document designated as such by the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
Transfer Agreement means any transfer agreement to be entered into between any of the Sellers 
and/or any Additional Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor to effect the transfer of a Further 
Portfolio in accordance with the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement;

--- Page 249 ---
247 
 
 
 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
2.2 
Interpretation: 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Covered 
Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date 
of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance 
with the terms of such Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date 
thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or 
otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme 
generally or in respect of a single Series or Tranche only; and 
(vi) 
any reference to any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, 
supplemented and/or re-enacted. 
3 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination of Euro 100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a currency other than 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such Specified Currency), in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and will be held in 
dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) on behalf of the beneficial owners, 
until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders. Each Series or Tranche will be deposited with Monte Titoli on 
the relevant Issue Date. Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. 
The Covered Bonds will at all times be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by 
means of, book-entries in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the 
Financial Law and the relevant implementing regulations and (ii) Regulation 13 August 2018. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and 
powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these 
Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Paying 
Agent may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) deem and treat the Monte Titoli 
Account Holders, whose accounts are at the relevant time credited with a Covered Bond, as 
the absolute owner of such Covered Bond for the purposes of payments to be made to the 
holder of such Covered Bond (whether or not the Covered Bond is overdue and

--- Page 250 ---
248 
 
 
 
 
notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, any notice of ownership or writing on the Covered 
Bond or any notice of any previous loss or theft of the Covered Bond) and shall not be liable 
for doing so. 
4 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference 
among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all 
other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to 
time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will 
be collected by the Covered Bond Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee: The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds when due for payment will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. However, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall have no obligation under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed Amount on the Due for Payment Date until 
the occurrence of an Article 74 Event (and for so long it is outstanding) or an Issuer Event of 
Default and service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (and until its withdrawal) or a Notice to Pay. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments: Amounts due by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Covered 
Bond Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Any payment made by the Covered Bond Guarantor shall discharge the corresponding obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. 
5 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Balance 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
Rate of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrears on each CB Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 9 (Payments), up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or as the case 
may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5 until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the 
Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for 
any CB Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds 
are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered 
Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by

--- Page 251 ---
249 
 
 
 
 
the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6 
Floating Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: Each Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in 
arrears on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each 
Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 until whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be determined by 
the Paying Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Paying Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Paying Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Paying Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Paying Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Paying Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on 
the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant CB Interest Period and in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Paying Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any CB Interest Period, the Rate of

--- Page 252 ---
250 
 
 
 
 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such CB Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation 
to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding CB Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where ISDA Rate in relation to any CB Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by 
the Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Paying Agent were acting as 
Paying Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
 
(f)  
Fallback Provisions: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an 
alternative rate (the Alternative Benchmark Rate) and, in either case, an alternative 
screen page or source (the Alternative Relevant Screen Page) and an Adjustment 
Spread (if applicable) no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding CB Interest Period (the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future CB Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(f));  
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in 
customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or 
reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, 
or, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an

--- Page 253 ---
251 
 
 
 
 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market 
usage for purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in 
respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that 
there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Reference 
Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service 
as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided however that if (A) this sub-
paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding CB Interest Period in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (iii), then the Reference Rate applicable to such Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the Relevant 
Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant CB Interest Period, in 
place of the margin relating to that last preceding CB Interest Period). For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding CB 
Interest Period, and any subsequent CB Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 
6(f); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
shall be the benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Covered Bonds 
for all future CB Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
6(f); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with 
the Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to 
the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business 
Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable 
to the Covered Bonds, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to 
the Covered Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply 
to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(f)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment 
Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi)

--- Page 254 ---
252 
 
 
 
 
above to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Covered Bondholders. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each CB Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such CB Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such CB 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half 
a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to 
be calculated by the Paying Agent, then the Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. 
The relevant amount will be calculated by the Paying Agent in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Publication: The Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant CB Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to 
each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and CB Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. The Paying 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant CB 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, 
the Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond 
having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(j) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) no 
liability to any such Person will attach to the Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Zero Coupon 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect 
of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption 
Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf

--- Page 255 ---
253 
 
 
 
 
of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 8(b) 
(Extension of maturity) and Condition 9 (Payments).  
The Issuer shall confirm to the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any 
event at least as of the Extension Determination Date as to whether payment will or will not 
be made in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds on that 
Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Paying Agent shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity: Without prejudice to Condition 10, if (i) an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified as applicable in relation to the Covered Bond Guarantor in the relevant Final Terms 
for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of 
Default has occurred, following the service, respectively, of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a 
Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, and (ii) the Calculation Agent (on behalf of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor) determines that the Covered Bond Guarantor has insufficient 
Available Funds under the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date, then (subject as provided below), 
payment of the unpaid amount by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid after the Extension 
Determination Date may be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor on any CB Payment Date 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date (a Maturity Extension). 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and withdrawal 
of the Article 74 Notice to Pay, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment 
obligations under any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds in respect of which an Extendable 
Maturity has occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for payment by no 
later than 15 calendar days following the day on which the Article 74 Notice to Pay has been 
withdrawn. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices)), any relevant Hedging Counterparty, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any 
event at least one Business Day prior to the relevant Maturity Date, of any inability of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to notify such parties 
shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any 
such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall, on the relevant Due 
for Payment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the monies (if any) 
available (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata in payment of an amount equal 
to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such 
Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay any

--- Page 256 ---
254 
 
 
 
 
amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid on such Due 
for Payment Date shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and be 
payable on each Guarantor Payment Date following the Maturity Date up to the Extended 
Maturity Date (inclusive). 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and applied, failure to pay on the Maturity Date by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall not constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of Italy or any European law or regulation, or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on a CB Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the CB Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Paying Agent, with a copy to the Luxembourg Listing Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, a certificate signed by a duly authorised officer 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Paying Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and conclusive and binding on the Covered 
Bondholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8(c), the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 8(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less

--- Page 257 ---
255 
 
 
 
 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if 
any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds 
to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the principal amount specified by the Issuer and 
the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte 
Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of such 
clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), 
subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in 
Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the 
Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders: If the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Covered 
Bondholder, redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option provided 
for under this Condition 8(f), the Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Paying Agent a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the Paying Agent. The Paying 
Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with 
this Condition 8(f), no duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bonds 
become immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bonds 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption monies is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to 
the Covered Bondholder at such address as may have been given by such Covered 
Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond against 
surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Covered Bonds 
are held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(f), the Covered Bondholder 
and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all 
purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise 
than as provided in Conditions 8(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (f) (Redemption at the option 
of Covered Bondholders). 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered Bonds 
become due and payable.

--- Page 258 ---
256 
 
 
 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
8(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.  
(i) 
Redemption by instalments: If the Covered Bonds are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being amortising and redeemable in instalments they will be redeemed in such number of 
instalments, in such amounts (Instalment Amounts) and on such dates as may be specified in 
or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and upon each partial redemption 
as provided by this Condition 8(i), the outstanding principal amount of each such Covered 
Bonds shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Covered Bond Guarantor) may 
at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at any price. The 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(k) 
Legislative Exchange: Following the coming into force in Italy, at any time after the Issue 
Date, of (i) any legislation similar to the OBG Regulation in force in any other European 
Union country or (ii) any rules, regulations or guidelines published by any governmental 
authority that provides for bonds issued by Italian issuers to qualify for the same benefits 
available to covered bonds issued under covered bond legislation in force in any other 
European Union country, the Issuer may, at its option and without the consent of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, exchange all (but not some only) of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series or Tranche then outstanding (the Existing Covered Bonds) for new 
Covered Bonds which qualify as covered bonds under such new legislation, rules, regulations 
or guidelines (the New Covered Bonds) on the same economic terms and conditions as the 
Existing Covered Bonds (the Legislative Exchange) if not more than 60 nor less than 30 
days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices)) and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders is given and provided that: 
(i) 
on the date on which such notice expires the Issuer delivers to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of each of 
the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor confirming that, in the case of the Issuer, 
no Issuer Event of Default and, in the case of the Covered Bond Guarantor, no 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, has occurred which is continuing; 
(ii) 
the New Covered Bonds will be assigned the same ratings as are then applicable to 
the Existing Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
if the Existing Covered Bonds are listed, quoted and/or traded on or by a competent 
and/or relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on or before 
the date on which such notice expires, the Issuer delivers to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
confirming that all applicable rules of such competent and/or relevant listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system have been or will be complied 
with. 
The Existing Covered Bonds will be cancelled concurrently with the issue of the New 
Covered Bonds and with effect on and from the date of issue thereof all references 
herein to Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be references to the New Covered 
Bonds. 
(l) 
Redemption due to illegality: The Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), all Covered Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next

--- Page 259 ---
257 
 
 
 
 
CB Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any Series or Tranche, become unlawful for the 
Issuer to make any payments under the Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will 
become effective before the next such CB Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(l) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
9 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems: Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect 
of the Covered Bonds will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by 
the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (as the case may be) 
to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are 
credited with those Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised 
brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those 
Covered Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant 
Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and of the Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may 
be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: payments will be subject in all cases, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation), to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulation 
applicable thereto in any jurisdiction, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
Covered Bondholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Covered Bond is not a Business Day in the Place of Payment, the Covered Bondholder shall 
not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect 
of any such delay. 
10 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds] by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of 
imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Decree 239 with 
respect to any Covered Bonds or, for the avoidance of doubt, Decree 461 or any 
related implementing regulations, and in all circumstances in which the procedures 
set forth in Decree 239 in order to benefit from a tax exemption have not been met or

--- Page 260 ---
258 
 
 
 
 
complied with except where such procedures have not been met or complied with due 
to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments: 
(a) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(b) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Covered Bond by reason of his having some connection with the 
Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
(c) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Covered Bond by making, or procuring, a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption but has 
failed to do so; or 
(d) 
more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting such Covered Bond for payment on such thirtieth day assuming 
that day to have been a Business Day; or 
(e) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(f) 
in respect of any Covered Bonds where such withholding or deduction is 
required pursuant to the Italian Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 
1973, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
(g) 
in respect of any Covered Bond where such withholding or deduction is 
required pursuant to Decree 600; or 
(h) 
in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Decree 512. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. The Issuer will 
have no obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds for any 
amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or official interpretations thereof or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the Guarantor: If withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Covered Bond Guarantor will make the 
required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the 
account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any 
additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
11 
Article 74 Event and Events of Default 
(a) 
Article 74 Event: If a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law is issued in respect 
of the Issuer (an Article 74 Event), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve 
a notice (the Article 74 Notice to Pay) on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor that an 
Article 74 Event has occurred.

--- Page 261 ---
259 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Effect of an Article 74 Notice to Pay: Upon service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay upon the 
Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(i) 
Temporary Acceleration against the Issuer: each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
will accelerate against the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that: (a) such Article 74 Events shall 
not trigger an acceleration against the Covered Bond Guarantor, and (b) in 
accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable 
under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period;  
(ii) 
Delegation: the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in the context of which the Covered Bondholders 
irrevocably delegate – also in the interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor – to the Covered Bond Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the 
Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any acceleration of 
payment provisions provided under these Conditions or under the applicable 
legislation. For this purpose, upon request of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
shall provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or 
mandates as the latter may deem necessary or expedient for taking all necessary steps 
to ensure the timely and correct performance of the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
mandate. 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed such delegation 
and waived any rights of the Covered Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take 
any such individual action against the Issuer; 
(iii) 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor: the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay any 
amounts due under the Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date in accordance 
with (i)(b) above and subject in any case to the provisions of the Conditions; and 
(iv) 
Mandatory Tests: the Mandatory Tests shall continue to be applied. 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period, the Article 74 Notice to Pay shall be 
withdrawn and the Issuer will be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will no 
longer be deemed to have been accelerated against the Issuer) in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
(c) 
Issuer Events of Default: If any of the following events (each, an Issuer Event of Default) 
occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: default is made by the Issuer for a period of 7 days or more in the 
payment of any principal or redemption amount, or for a period of 14 days or more in 
the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche when 
due, unless an Article 74 Event has occurred and the relevant suspension period is 
continuing; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer is in breach of material obligations under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to ensure 
compliance of the Portfolio with the Tests)) and such failure remains unremedied for

--- Page 262 ---
260 
 
 
 
 
30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice 
thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above occurs in 
respect of any other Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business; or 
(vi) 
Breach of Mandatory Test: breach of any of the Mandatory Tests which is not 
remedied by the Calculation Date immediately following the notification of such 
breach. 
(vii) 
No Issuer Event of Default shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency or 
liquidation in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer 
shall not constitute an Issuer Event of Default for any purpose). 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will 
serve a notice (the Notice to Pay) on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor specifying 
that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred. Upon service of such Notice to Pay:  
(a) 
No further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not issue any further 
Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will 
accelerate against the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves against the Issuer, provided that (i) such events shall not trigger an 
acceleration against the Covered Bond Guarantor, and (ii) in accordance with Article 
4, Paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the 
Transaction Documents, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall be solely responsible for 
the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any 
Excess Proceeds will be part of the Available Funds;  
(c) 
Delegation: the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, in the context of which the Covered Bondholders 
irrevocably delegate – also in the interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor – to the Covered Bond Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the 
Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any acceleration of 
payment provisions provided under these Conditions or under the applicable 
legislation. For this purpose, upon request of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
shall provide the Covered Bond Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or 
mandates as the latter may deem necessary or expedient for taking all necessary steps 
to ensure the timely and correct performance of its mandate. 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed such delegation 
and waived any rights of the Covered Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take 
any such individual action against the Issuer;

--- Page 263 ---
261 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor: the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay any 
amounts due under the Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date in accordance 
with (b)(ii) above and subject in any case to the provisions of the Conditions;  
(e) 
Disposal of Assets: the Servicer, or any other third party appointed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, shall sell the Eligible Assets and Integration Assets (other 
than cash deposits) included in the Portfolio in accordance with the provisions of the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
(f) 
Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test shall be applied. 
(d) 
Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default: Following an Issuer Event of Default, if any of 
the following events (each, a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default) occurs and is 
continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: non-payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of principal and/or 
interest in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the Covered Bond Guarantee, subject to a 7 day cure period in respect of 
principal or redemption amounts and a 14 day cure period in respect of interest 
amounts or non-setting aside for payment of costs or amounts due to any Hedging 
Counterparties;  
(ii) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test is breached; 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligations: breach by the Covered Bond Guarantor of any material 
obligation under the Transaction Document to which the Covered Bond Guarantor is 
a party (other than a payment obligation referred in (i) above), which is not remedied 
within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written 
notice of such breach to the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full 
force and effect or it is claimed by the Covered Bond Guarantor not to be in full force 
and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
(e) 
Effect of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice: From and including the date on 
which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice upon the Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will 
accelerate against the Covered Bond Guarantor, becoming immediately due and 
payable, and the Covered Bonds will rank pari passu amongst themselves; 
(ii) 
Disposal of assets: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in the name 
and on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, direct the Servicer, or any other third 
party appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to sell all assets 
included in the Portfolio in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement; and 
(iii) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against 
the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit, but 
it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless requested or 
authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 264 ---
262 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Determinations, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 11 by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in absence of wilful default (dolo) or gross 
negligence (colpa grave) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) no liability to the 
Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor shall attach to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder and under the Transaction Documents. 
12 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years (in 
respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
13 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders: The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance of the Covered Bonds and shall 
remain in force and in effect until repayment in full or cancellation of all Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as 
long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at all times be a Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as 
legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered 
Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
(b) 
Initial appointment: Under the Dealer Agreement, each of the Dealers has appointed the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Dealer 
Agreement, in these Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders), in the Intercreditor Agreement and in the other Transaction Documents, and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the period 
commencing on the First Issue Date and ending (subject to early termination of its 
appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have been cancelled or redeemed 
in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Covered Bondholders: Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding a 
Covered Bond: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative and 
(to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered 
into from time to time by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such 
capacity as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Relevant Dealer(s) shall not be liable, without 
prejudice for the provisions set forth under Article 1229 of the Italian Civil Code, in 
respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any 
of the Covered Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the 
Transaction Documents. 
14 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered 
Bonds, the Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and, following the service of a Notice to 
Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, as agent of the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
do not assume in the framework of the Programme any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 265 ---
263 
 
 
 
 
The Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office are set out in these Conditions. Any additional 
Paying Agent and its Specified Office (if any) are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer, 
and (where applicable) the Covered Bond Guarantor, reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and to appoint an additional or successor paying agent; 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Covered Bond Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a 
paying agent; and 
(b) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing and/or trading by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or listing system which requires the appointment of 
a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or listing system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agent or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Covered Bondholders. 
15 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue 
further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered 
Bonds. 
16 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may (and in the case of an Approved Reorganisation 
shall) agree with the Issuer (or any previous substitute) and the Covered Bond Guarantor at any time 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
to the substitution in place of Intesa Sanpaolo (or of any previous substitute) as principal 
debtor under the Covered Bonds by any bank being a Subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo (the 
Substitute Obligor) by way of an obligation transfer agreement without recourse to the 
Issuer (accollo liberatorio); or 
(b) 
to an Approved Reorganisation; or 
(c) 
that Intesa Sanpaolo (or any previous substitute) may, other than by means of an Approved 
Reorganisation, consolidate with, merge into or amalgamate with any successor company, 
provided that: 
(i) 
the obligations of the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity under the Covered Bonds 
shall be irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by Intesa Sanpaolo (on like terms as to 
subordination, if applicable, to those of the Covered Bond Guarantee); and 
(ii) 
(other than in the case of an Approved Reorganisation) the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has confirmed in writing that it is satisfied that the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby; and 
(iii) 
the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity agrees, in form and manner satisfactory to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to be bound by the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and all the Transaction Documents in respect to any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds still outstanding, by means of executing agreements and documents 
substantially in the same form and substance of the Transaction Documents; 
(iv) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed in writing that it is satisfied 
that (a) the Resulting Entity or Substituted Obligor has obtained all governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents necessary for its assumption of liability as principal debtor 
in respect of the Covered Bonds in place of the Issuer (or such previous substitute as 
aforesaid), and (b) such approvals and consents are, at the time of substitution, Approved

--- Page 266 ---
264 
 
 
 
 
Reorganisation or consolidation, merger, amalgamation other than by means of an Approved 
Reorganisation, as the case may be, in full force and effect. 
Upon the assumption of the obligations of the Issuer by a Substitute Obligor or a Resulting Entity or a 
successor company, Intesa Sanpaolo shall have no further liabilities under or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Any such substitution, Approved Reorganisation or consolidation, merger or amalgamation shall be 
notified to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and to the Rating 
Agency. In the case of a substitution, the relevant Issuer shall notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
thereof and prepare, or procure the preparation of, a supplement to the Base Prospectus in respect of 
the Programme. 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities or discretions above mentioned: (a) the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders as a class and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall 
not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered Bondholders resulting 
from them being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to 
the jurisdiction of, any particular territory; and (b) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be entitled to claim from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequence of any such exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders except to the extent already 
provided for by Condition 10 (Taxation). 
In these Conditions, Approved Reorganisation means a solvent and voluntary reorganisation 
involving, alone or with others, the Issuer, and whether by way of consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger, transfer of all or substantially all of its business or assets, or otherwise provided that the 
principal resulting, surviving or transferee entity (a Resulting Entity) is a banking company and 
effectively assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under, or in respect of, the Covered Bonds. 
17 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
(a) 
Limited Recourse: Each of the Covered Bondholders: 
(i) 
acknowledges and agrees that, without prejudice to those Transaction Documents 
which contemplate payments to be made to the Secured Creditors by way of set-off, if 
any, all obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor to each Covered Bondholders and 
each Other Secured Creditor, including, without limitation, under the Covered Bonds 
or any Transaction Document to which it is a party (including any obligation for the 
payment of damages or penalties, but excluding the obligation to pay the Purchase 
Price in respect of the Portfolio under the Master Transfer Agreement), are limited in 
recourse and shall arise and become due and payable as at the relevant date in an 
amount equal to the lesser of: (a) the aggregate nominal amount of such payment 
which, but for the operation of this Condition 17 and the applicable Priority of 
Payments, would be due and payable at such time to the relevant Secured Creditor; 
and (ii) the then Available Funds, net of any sums which are payable by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments in priority to, 
or pari passu with, sums payable to such Secured Creditor. For the avoidance of 
doubt, it is understood that if the Available Funds are insufficient to pay any amount 
due and payable on any Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, the shortfall then occurring will not be payable on that date but 
will become payable on the subsequent Guarantor Payment Dates if and to the extent 
that the Available Funds may be used for this purpose in accordance with the 
Priorities of Payments. Such shortfall will not cause the accrual of default interest 
unless otherwise provided in the relevant Transaction Document. If there are not 
Available Funds for payment to the Secured Creditors at the date the Covered Bonds 
are cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, the Secured Creditors shall have no 
further claim against the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of any unpaid amount;

--- Page 267 ---
265 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
acknowledges and agrees that the limited recourse nature of the obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bonds or any Transaction Documents 
produces the effect of a contratto aleatorio and accepts the consequences thereof, 
including but not limited to the provision of Article 1469 of the Italian Civil Code and 
will have an existing claim against the Covered Bond Guarantor only in respect of the 
Available Funds which may be applied for the relevant purpose as at the relevant date 
and will not have any claim, by operation of law or otherwise, against, or recourse to, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets (other than the Portfolio and the Available 
Funds) or its contributed equity capital or any other assets of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor whatsoever; 
(iii) 
acknowledges and agrees that all payments to be made by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to it, whether under any Transaction Document or otherwise, will be made 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor solely from the Available Funds, except as permitted 
in the Transaction Documents;  
(iv) 
acknowledges that it will not have any claim, by operation of law or otherwise, 
against, or recourse to, any assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor other than the 
Portfolio and the Available Funds; 
(v) 
undertakes not to enforce any covenants, agreements, representations or warranties of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor contained in any of the Transaction Documents or any 
other document related thereto against the Covered Bond Guarantor’s assets (other 
than the Portfolio and the Available Funds) or its contributed equity capital or against 
any quotaholder, director, auditor or agent of the Covered Bond Guarantor, but to 
enforce such covenants, agreements, representations and warranties only against the 
Portfolio and the Available Funds and within the limits set forth in this Condition and 
in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(vi) 
undertakes to enforce any judgment obtained by it in any action brought under any of 
the Transaction Documents or any other document relating thereto only against the 
Portfolio and the Available Funds and not against any other assets or property or the 
contributed equity capital of the Covered Bond Guarantor or of any quotaholder, 
director, employee, officer, auditor or agent of the Covered Bond Guarantor;  
(vii) 
undertakes not to make any claim or bring any action in contravention of the 
provisions of this Condition 17; and 
(viii) 
undertakes not to permit the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay, prepay or discharge any 
amount to it other than in accordance with this Condition 17. 
(b) 
Non Petition: In consideration of the limited recourse nature of the obligations of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the other provisions set out in these Conditions and the Intercreditor 
Agreement, each of the Covered Bondholders undertakes and agrees that, until two years and 
one day have elapsed since the full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds, it will 
not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor any Insolvency Proceedings or reorganisation or winding up proceedings. 
18 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli: Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the 
Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been duly given if 
given through the systems of Monte Titoli. 
(b) 
Notices through Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as 
long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be deemed to have been duly given if published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and, in any event, if published 
in accordance with the rules and regulation of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 268 ---
266 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Other publication: The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to 
sanction any other method of giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such 
other method is reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of 
the competent authority, stock exchange and/or listing system by which the Covered Bonds 
are then admitted to trading (including any means provided for under Article 16 of 
Luxembourg law, dated 19 July 2005) and provided that notice of such other method is given 
to the holders of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall require. 
19 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded 
up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any 
other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal 
places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: These Covered Bonds, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Covered Bonds, are governed by Italian law. All Italian Law 
Transaction Documents, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Italian Law Transaction Documents, are governed by Italian law and all English Law 
Transaction Documents, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the English Law Transaction Documents, are governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute 
that may arise in relation to the Covered Bonds and all Italian Law Transaction Documents, 
or their validity, interpretation or performance. The courts of England and Wales have 
exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in relation to the 
English Law Transaction Documents or their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation: Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be 
governed by the provisions of Law 130, the BoI OBG Regulations and the MEF Decree.

--- Page 269 ---
267 
 
 
 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme by the Issuer is created concurrently with the issue and 
subscription of the Covered Bonds of each such Series or Tranche and is governed by these 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the Rules). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the 
Covered Bonds. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
Block Voting Instruction means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Paying 
Agent: 
(a) 
in case of Covered Bond issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that specified 
Covered Bonds are held to the order of the Paying Agent or under its control and 
have been blocked in an account with a clearing system and will not be released until 
a the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its 
resumption) of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered 
Bonds and notification of the release thereof by the Paying Agent to the 
Issuer and Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(b) 
certifying that the Holder of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised 
person on its behalf has notified the Paying Agent that the votes attributable to such 
Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to the 
Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting 
such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing 
between those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and 
against, each resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
Blocked Covered Bonds means Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with 
a clearing system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of the Paying 
Agent for the purpose of obtaining from the Principal Paying Agent a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate on terms that they will not be released until after the 
conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate is required; 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance 
with Article 6 (Chairman of the Meeting).

--- Page 270 ---
268 
 
 
 
 
Currency Swap Rate means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the exchange rate specified in the respective currency hedging agreement relating to 
such Covered Bond or Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or, if the respective currency 
hedging agreement has terminated or is not in place, the applicable exchange rate provided by 
the Servicer; 
Event of Default means an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default; 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held 
in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three 
quarters of the votes cast; 
Holder means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds; 
Liabilities means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions 
or demands; 
Meeting means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quater of the Financial Law and includes any 
depository banks appointed by the Relevant Cleaning System; 
Ordinary Resolution means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50% of 
the votes cast; 
Programme Resolution means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of all Series or Tranche, duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions contained in these Rules to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor 
pursuant to Condition 11(e)(iii) (Effect of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice – 
Enforcement); 
Proxy means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person 
appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Paying 
Agent has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
Resolutions means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively; 
Transaction Party means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document; 
Voter means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, 
the bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Paying Agent or a Proxy named in a Block 
Voting Instruction; 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting: 
(a) 
a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with Regulation 
13 August 2018; or 
(b) 
a certificate issued by the Paying Agent stating: 
(i) 
that Blocked Covered Bonds will not be released until the earlier of:

--- Page 271 ---
269 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(B) 
the surrender of such certificate to the Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in 
respect of such Blocked Covered Bonds. 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more 
persons holding or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Covered Bonds, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered Bondholders; 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open 
for business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where 
the Paying Agent has its specified office; and 
48 hours means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them 
in the relevant Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an Article shall, except where expressly provided to the 
contrary, be a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
2.2.2 
a successor of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor 
in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of 
such party under any Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights 
and obligations have been transferred; and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a 
separate Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the 
provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders) to 23 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and independently to the Covered 
Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Article 2.3: 
2.3.1 
under Articles 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 26 (Resignation of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); and 
2.3.2 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, under Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) to 23 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 
27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 
(Powers to Act on Behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such 
Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series 
and, in such Articles, the expressions Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders shall be 
construed accordingly.

--- Page 272 ---
270 
 
 
 
 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of 
the rights of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or 
desirable to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Issuer 
may convene separate or combined Meetings of the Covered Bondholders at any time and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be obliged to do so upon the request in 
writing by Covered Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Issuer or 
(in relation to a meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series may at any time, and the Issuer shall upon a request in writing 
signed by the holders of not less than one-tenth of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, convene a meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders and, if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in convening 
such a meeting, the same may be convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
or the subject making the request. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
convene a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of more than one Series if in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders there is no conflict between the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of these 
Rules shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in 
writing to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time 
and place of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, provided that each Meeting may be held also by 
linking various venues in different locations by audio/video conferencing facilities, subject to 
the following conditions: 
(a) 
that the Chairman of the Meeting is able to be certain as to the identity of those taking 
part, control how the Meeting proceeds, and determine and announce the results of 
voting; 
(b) 
that those taking part are able to participate in discussions and voting on the items on 
the agenda simultaneously, as well as to view, receive, and transmit documents. 
The Meeting held by audio/video conferencing will be deemed to have taken place at the 
venue at which the Chairman is present.

--- Page 273 ---
271 
 
 
 
 
5. 
NOTICE 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of (i) the day on which notice is delivered and (ii) the day 
on which the relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the 
Meeting, as well as, if necessary, venues connected by audio or video conferencing that may 
be used by those involved, must be given to the relevant Covered Bondholders and the Paying 
Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, where the Meeting is 
convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer. 
5.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting, unless 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the 
nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state that the Voting 
Certificate for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account 
Holder in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 13 August 2018 and that for the 
purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates or appointing Proxies under a Block Voting 
Instruction, Covered Bondholders must (to the satisfaction of the Paying Agent) be held to the 
order of or placed under the control of the Paying Agent or blocked in an account with a 
clearing system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 5 are not 
complied with if all the Holders of the Covered Bonds which are entitled to attend and vote 
(representing the entirety of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds) are 
represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders are present. 
6. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
6.1.1 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
6.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the 
time fixed for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, 
failing which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting 
need not be the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, 
manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and 
moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited 
to assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not 
required to be Covered Bondholders. 
7. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting will be:

--- Page 274 ---
272 
 
 
 
 
7.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at any time 
it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least 25 per cent of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding or, at an 
adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders, 
whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
7.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (including the Issuer if 
at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) (subject as provided below), one or 
more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, 
one or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series for the 
time being outstanding, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so 
held or represented; or 
7.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in 
relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 31 (Waiver), 
only be capable of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution), 
namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of 
the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment 
or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in 
respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be 
made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
except in accordance with Articles 30 (Amendments and Modifications) and 31 
(Waiver), the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such 
Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or 
the Covered Bond Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be 
formed; and 
(e) 
alteration of this Article 7.1.3; 
(each a Series Reserved Matter), the quorum shall be one or more persons (including the Issuer if at 
any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) being or representing holders of not less than 
two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the 
time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing not 
less than one-third of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such 
Series for the time being outstanding. 
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
8.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes 
after the time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business 
(if any) for which a quorum is present: 
8.1.1 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting 
shall be dissolved; and 
8.1.2 
in any other case, the Meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week 
(or if such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) at the same time 
and place (except in the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to 
be proposed in which case it shall stand adjourned for such period, being not less than 
13 clear days nor more than 42 clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by

--- Page 275 ---
273 
 
 
 
 
the Chairman either at or subsequent to such meeting and approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
8.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may 
decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of 
the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the 
approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn 
the same for such period, being not less than 13 clear days (but without any maximum 
number of clear days), and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or 
subsequent to such adjourned meeting and approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
9. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 8 (Adjournment for want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior 
consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time 
and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might 
have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
10. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
10.1 
Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for 
lack of a quorum except that: 
10.1.1 10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day 
on which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
10.1.2 the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when 
the Meeting resumes. 
10.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be 
necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those 
described in Article 8 (Adjournment for want of Quorum). 
11. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
11.1 
Voters; 
11.2 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
11.3 
representatives of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Paying Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
11.4 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; 
11.5 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; and 
11.6 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
12. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
12.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting 
its Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with Regulation 13 
August 2018.

--- Page 276 ---
274 
 
 
 
 
12.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain from the Paying Agent or require the Paying Agent to 
issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for such Covered Bonds to be (to the 
satisfaction of the Paying Agent) held to its order or under its control or blocked in an account 
in the Relevant Clearing System (other than Monte Titoli) not later than 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
12.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the 
Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
12.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the named therein as 
Holder or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account 
Holder), the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by the Paying Agent), 
and any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by the Paying 
Agent) shall be deemed to be the Holder of the Covered Bonds to which it relates for all 
purposes in connection with the Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction relates. 
12.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in 
respect of the same Covered Bonds. 
12.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with 
the usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing 
System. 
13. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
13.1 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the 
relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Paying Agent or at any 
other place approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the Chairman 
decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and 
satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of 
each Holders or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate shall be produced at the Meeting but the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of 
a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder 
of the Covered Bonds named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction or the 
identity of any Holder named in a Voting Certificate. 
14. 
VOTING BY POLL 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided by poll. The Chairman sets the 
conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and may set a time 
limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the terms 
specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted 
and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting as at the date of the 
taking of the poll. 
15. 
VOTES 
15.1 
Voting 
On a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each €1.00 or such 
other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion 
stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another 
currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate).

--- Page 277 ---
275 
 
 
 
 
15.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the 
case of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is 
entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way. 
15.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
16. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
16.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or 
revoked provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or 
the Chairman has been notified in writing of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours 
prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
16.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such 
Meeting following an adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a 
meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in 
force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such 
Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote 
at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
17. 
RESOLUTIONS 
17.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following 
powers exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
17.1.1 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to 
be the subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the 
subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
17.1.2 to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to 
execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary 
Resolution. 
17.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power 
exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
17.2.1 sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Covered Bondholders or any of them; 
17.2.2 approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the 
rights of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise 
under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or 
of any Transaction Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be

--- Page 278 ---
276 
 
 
 
 
proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or any 
other party thereto; 
17.2.3 assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction 
Documents which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder which are 
not of a minor or technical nature or which are aimed at correcting a manifest error; 
17.2.4 in accordance with Article 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint 
and remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
17.2.5 subject to the provisions set forth under the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents or upon request of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to issue an Article 74 
Notice to Pay as a result of an Article 74 Event pursuant to Condition 11(a) (Article 
74 Event), a Notice to Pay as a result of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 11(c) (Issuer Events of Default) or a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice as a result of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 11(d) (Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default); 
17.2.6 discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for 
which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable 
pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction 
Document; 
17.2.7 authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document; 
17.2.8 waive any breach or authorise any proposed breached by the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or any other party of its obligations under or in respect of these 
Rules, or waive the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default or a breach of test, and direct the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to suspend the delivery of the relevant Article 74 Notice to pay, 
Notice to Pay or Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice; 
17.2.9 to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to 
represent the interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such 
committee any powers which the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
17.2.10 authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to 
execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
17.2.11 in case of failure by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to send an 
Article 74 Notice to Pay, a Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice, direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to deliver an Article 74 
Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay as a result of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event 
of Default pursuant to Condition 11 (Article 74 Event and Events of Default), or a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice as a result of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(d) (Covered Bond Guarantor 
Events of Default).  
17.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against

--- Page 279 ---
277 
 
 
 
 
the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to Condition 11(e)(iii) (Effect of a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice- Enforcement). 
17.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution, other than a Programme Resolution, 
that is passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of 
another Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or 
Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding of that other Series. 
18. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 17.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting 
of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be 
binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not present at such Meeting and/or not 
voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not 
present at the meeting and/or not voting. 
18.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders 
shall be published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to 
the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each 
Meeting). 
19. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which 
are not passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
20. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in 
books provided by the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman 
and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the 
contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the 
Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed 
or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
21. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect 
of matters required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary 
Resolution. 
22. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Clauses 4 (Exercise 
of Rights and Subrogation) and 11 (Limited Recourse) of the Covered Bond Guarantee and 
Clause 11 (Limited Recourse and Non Petition) of the Intercreditor Agreement and, 
accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions or using 
other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds and the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting not passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution objecting to such individual action or other remedy on the grounds 
that it is not consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following provisions shall 
apply:

--- Page 280 ---
278 
 
 
 
 
22.1 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will 
notify the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her intention; 
22.2 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in 
accordance with these Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 23.1 (Choice of 
Meeting): 
22.3 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to the enforcement of the 
individual action or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will be prevented from taking such 
action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that after a reasonable period of time, the same 
matter may be resubmitted for review of another Meeting); and 
22.4 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not object to an individual action or remedy, the 
Covered Bondholder will not be prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
23. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
23.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more 
than one Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the 
following modifications: 
23.1.1 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that 
Series; 
23.1.2 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected 
shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds of all the Series so affected; 
23.1.3 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a 
conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group 
of Series so affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group 
of Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at 
separate meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series or group of 
Series so affected; 
23.1.4 a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a 
single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
23.1.5 to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were 
references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the 
holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
23.2 
Denominations other than euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in 
euro in the case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of 
Covered Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any 
adjourned such Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or written 
resolution) the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Covered Bonds shall be the Euro 
Equivalent of the Currency Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each person 
present shall have one vote for each €1.00 (or such other euro amount as the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents.

--- Page 281 ---
279 
 
 
 
 
24. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations 
regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of 
a Written Resolution as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion 
may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
25. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
25.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of 
this Article 25, except for the appointment of Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.  
(formerly known as Finanziaria Internazionale Securitisation Group S.p.A. and then FISG 
S.r.l.) as first Representative of the Covered Bondholders which will be appointed under the 
Dealer Agreement. 
25.2 
Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
25.2.1 a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated 
in any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
25.2.2 a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Law (as amended from time to time); or 
25.2.3 any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in 
Article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed, provided that 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly known as Finanziaria Internazionale 
Securitisation Group S.p.A. and then FISG S.r.l.), appointed as the first Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 25.1 above, will be entitled in any circumstance to 
act also as Calculation Agent in the context of the Programme and/or in any other role as 
advisor to the Issuer and/or any other entity belonging to Intesa Sanpaolo Group, and further 
provided that Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly known as Finanziaria 
Internazionale Securitisation Group S.p.A. and then FISG S.r.l.) will act in such 
circumstances in accordance with Clause 15.7 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
25.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions) 
or resigns pursuant to Article 26 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of all the Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
25.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the 
substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in 
Article 25.2 (Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment,

--- Page 282 ---
280 
 
 
 
 
and the powers and authority of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose 
appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by the 
substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in 
connection with the Covered Bonds. 
25.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer and, following an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default and delivery of a 
Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders from the First Issue Date, as agreed in the Dealer Agreement or in a separate fee 
letter, as the case may be. Such fees shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and 
including) the date when the Covered Bonds shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in 
accordance with the Conditions. In case of failure by the Issuer to pay the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders the fee for its services, the same will be paid by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. 
26. 
RESIGNATION 
OF 
THE 
REPRESENTATIVE 
OF 
THE 
COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least 
twelve calendar months’ written notice to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
without needing to provide any specific reason for the resignation and without being 
responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. The resignation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 
25.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted its 
appointment, provided that if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders within twelve months of written notice of resignation delivered by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 25.2 (Identity of 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
27. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
27.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the 
Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
27.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings to 
propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
27.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, 
discretions and authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
27.3.1 act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
27.3.2 whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, 
whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or

--- Page 283 ---
281 
 
 
 
 
fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities 
vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 27.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and 
subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not, other than in the normal course of its 
business, be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and 
shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any 
misconduct, omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the 
appointment of any such delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions given by it to 
such delegate. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor of the appointment of 
any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall 
procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor of 
the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
27.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in 
respect of the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
27.5 
Consents given by Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these 
Rules and any other Transaction Document shall be notified to the Rating Agency and may be 
given on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be 
given retrospectively. 
27.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and 
discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules or by 
operation of law. 
27.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order 
to obtain the Covered Bondholders’ instructions as to how it should act. Without prejudice to 
the provisions set forth under Article 32 (Indemnity), prior to undertaking any action, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered 
Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 28.2 (Specific 
limitations). 
27.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in 
the performance by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor of any obligation under the 
provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be 
remedied, and if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such 
default is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive

--- Page 284 ---
282 
 
 
 
 
and binding upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and any other party to the Transaction Documents. 
28. 
EXONERATION 
OF 
THE 
REPRESENTATIVE 
OF 
THE 
COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or 
responsibilities in addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction 
Documents. 
28.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 28.1, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders: 
28.2.1 shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Article 74 
Event, an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or 
any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which would cause a right or 
remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, until the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to 
the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Article 74 Event, Issuer Event of 
Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, condition 
or act has occurred; 
28.2.2 shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor or any other parties of 
their obligations contained in these Rules, the Transaction Documents or the 
Conditions and save in case of gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, until it shall have actual 
knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents are duly observing and 
performing all their respective obligations; 
28.2.3 except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be 
under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of 
the provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
28.2.4 shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, 
adequacy, suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, 
or of any other document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be 
created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, and (without prejudice to the 
generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have any duty to 
make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, 
report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required 
to be delivered or obtained at any time in connection herewith; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated 
by the Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to obtain or comply with any 
licence, consent or other authorisation in connection with the purchase or 
administration of the assets contained in the Portfolio; and

--- Page 285 ---
283 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Servicers and the Paying Agent or any other person in 
respect of the Portfolio or the Covered Bonds; 
28.2.5 shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of 
the issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the 
persons entitled thereto; 
28.2.6 shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered 
Bonds by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
28.2.7 shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any 
recital, statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction 
Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the 
execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or admissibility in evidence 
thereof; 
28.2.8 shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or 
procuring registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or 
any Transaction Document; 
28.2.9 shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect 
or failure in the right or title of the Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to the assets 
contained in the Portfolio or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was 
known to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or might have been 
discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of being remedied or not; 
28.2.10 shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the 
Eligible Assets and Integration Assets contained in the Portfolio or any part thereof; 
28.2.11 shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the 
Portfolio or any part thereof provided by any person; 
28.2.12 shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage 
arising from the realisation of the Portfolio or any part thereof; 
28.2.13 shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making 
or verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the 
Portfolio or any Transaction Document; 
28.2.14 shall not be under any obligation to insure the Portfolio or any part thereof; 
28.2.15 shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection 
with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of each Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered 
Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or taxing authority; 
28.2.16 shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or 
discretions, it is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of 
any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, 
trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders of

--- Page 286 ---
284 
 
 
 
 
not less than 25 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
28.2.17 shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the 
interests of (i) all the Secured Creditors (except where expressly provided otherwise), 
and (ii) if, in its sole opinion, there is or may be a conflict between the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series and the interests of any other Secured Creditor 
(or any combination of them) to the interest of: (A) the Covered Bondholders; and 
(B) subject to (A) above, the Secured Creditor to whom any amounts are owed 
appearing highest in the relevant Priority of Payments.  
28.2.18 may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or 
discretion vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other 
agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, 
claims and demands which might be brought or made against it and against all 
Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these 
Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any 
financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, 
authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such 
funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not 
reasonably assured; and 
28.2.19 shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities which may result from anything 
done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of these Rules or 
the Transaction Documents. 
28.3 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer or Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered 
Bonds are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. 
28.4 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
do anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend 
monies or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of 
any of its powers or discretion. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain 
from taking any action which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any 
jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable 
grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be 
indemnified against any loss or Liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such 
action. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its 
opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
29. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
29.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of, a certificate or 
opinion of, or any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, 
credit or rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be 
liable for any loss incurred by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information 
may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or

--- Page 287 ---
285 
 
 
 
 
information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not 
authentic, save in case of gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
29.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept 
as sufficient evidence: 
29.2.1 as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor’s knowledge, a certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the 
case may be) the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
29.2.2 that such is the case, if a certificate of a director of the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (as the case may be) states that any particular dealing, transaction, step or 
thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to 
call for further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of 
acting on such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these 
Rules shall have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters 
contained in the certificate. 
29.3 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in 
respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage 
of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some 
defect in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving 
of such directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution 
or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding 
upon the Covered Bondholders. 
29.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the 
Covered Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder 
in accordance with Regulation 13 August 2018, which certificates are to be conclusive proof 
of the matters certified therein. 
29.5 
Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as 
sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as 
true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing 
system to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular period any 
particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number of 
Covered Bonds. 
29.6 
Certificates of parties to Transaction Documents 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the 
Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by 
any party (other than the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor) to the Intercreditor 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document: 
29.6.1 in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly 
provided for under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
29.6.2 as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or

--- Page 288 ---
286 
 
 
 
 
29.6.3 as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional 
evidence in respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held 
responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its 
officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained 
in the certificate. 
29.7 
Rating Agency 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of 
exercising any power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that 
such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Covered 
Bonds of any Series or of all Series for the time being outstanding if the then current rating of 
the Covered Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be 
adversely affected by such exercise, or if, after having given prior written notice to the Rating 
Agency of the proposed action, it results that the Rating Agency has no comments with regard 
to the proposed action provided that the Rating Agency will be under no obligation to provide 
any rating confirmation in this respect. If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in 
order properly to exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the 
views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the 
Covered Bonds, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which 
will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may seek and obtain such 
views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
29.8 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or 
investigating any auditors’ report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such 
report or certificate. 
30. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
30.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may from time to time and without the 
consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification (and for this 
purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such 
modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter (as defined under Article 7 (Quorum)) as 
follows: 
30.1.1 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may be expedient to make 
provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that 
such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series; and 
30.1.2 to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or, which in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to 
the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law. 
30.2 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any)  as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding upon the 
Covered Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise 
agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (as the case may be) to

--- Page 289 ---
287 
 
 
 
 
the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
30.3 
In establishing whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders considers reasonable to rely on, and may, but shall not be obliged to, have 
regard to all or any of the following: 
30.3.1 a certificate from a Relevant Dealer, stating the intention of the parties to the relevant 
Transaction Document, confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any 
other parties which is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention and stating 
the modification to the relevant Transaction Document that is required to reflect such 
intention; 
30.3.2 a prior written notice to the Rating Agency of the envisaged modification, if it has 
ground to believe that the current rating of the Covered Bonds would not be adversely 
affected by the envisaged modification, provided that the Rating Agency will be 
under no obligation to provide any rating confirmation in this respect. 
30.4 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and 
the Covered Bond Guarantor and any other party in making any of the above-mentioned 
modifications if it is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or and if it is indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself 
liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
31. 
WAIVER 
31.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time in its 
sole direction, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, 
event or act, but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
31.1.1 authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may 
decide, any proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or provisions 
contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights 
against the Covered Bond Guarantor under any other Transaction Documents; or 
31.1.2 determine that any Event of Default or Article 74 Event shall not be treated as such 
for the purposes of the Transaction Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders. 
31.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 31.1 (Waiver of Breach) shall 
be binding on the Covered Bondholders. 
31.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon 
it by this Article 31 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or of a request or direction 
in writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per cent in aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds (in the case of any such determination, with the Covered 
Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series as aforesaid), and at all times then only if 
it shall be indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may 
thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing but so that no such direction or 
request: 
31.3.1 shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made or

--- Page 290 ---
288 
 
 
 
 
31.3.2 all authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series 
Reserved Matter (as defined under Article 7 (Quorum)) unless holders of Covered 
Bonds of each Series has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised its exercise. 
31.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall 
cause any such authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered 
Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
32. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or 
discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or 
discharged by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, 
actions, proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and properly incurred by or made against 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, including but not limited to legal expenses, and any 
stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against the 
Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the 
Transaction Documents. 
33. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the 
Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), 
gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo).

--- Page 291 ---
289 
 
 
 
 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF A 
COVERED BOND GUARANTOR ACCELERATION NOTICE 
34. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED BOND GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice or, 
prior to service of a Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice, following the failure of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the Intercreditor 
Agreement the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of the Secured 
Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in 
relation to the Portfolio. Therefore, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as 
legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to 
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Covered Bond Guarantor, any and all of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor’s Rights under certain Transaction Documents, including the right to give 
directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
35. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with these Rules, are 
governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
36. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have exclusive jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 292 ---
290 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended EU MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 (EU IDD), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the FSMA) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of each of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in[Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor

--- Page 293 ---
291 
 
 
 
 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [ISIN / issue date of earlier tranche] Covered 
Bonds due [Maturity] 
Guaranteed by 
ISP OBG S.r.l. 
under the €55,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 23 December 2021 and the 
supplement[s] to the prospectus dated [] which together constitute a base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, the 
Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms, published on 
[], contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, including the 
supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing at (www.intesasanpaolo.com) [and] during normal 
business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. [These Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions) set forth in the prospectuses dated [[31 July 2014, as 
supplemented on 8 January 2015], [30 July 2015], [20 July 2016], [20 December 2017], [20 
December 2018] [23 December 2019] and [22 December 2020]], prepared by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme, which are incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 23 December 2021. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and superseded (the Prospectus Regulation) 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 23 December 2021 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
Base Prospectus dated [original date] and are attached hereto. Full information on the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Prospectus[, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing [at [website]] [and] 
during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]).] [These Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu]  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.)

--- Page 294 ---
292 
 
 
 
 
(When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [provide issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on the Issue Date][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible). 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] [plus integral multiples of [] in addition to 
the said sum of []] (as referred to under 
Condition 3) (Include the wording in square 
brackets where the Specified Denomination is 
€100,000 or equivalent plus multiples of a lower 
principal amount.) 
[The minimum denomination of Covered Bonds 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount of such currency).]  
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year.] 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption Amount under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee: 
[Not applicable / Specify date or (for Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to the relevant month and year] (as 
referred to under Condition 8(b)) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 295 ---
293 
 
 
 
 
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [Margin] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] (as referred to under Condition 7) 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal 
amount 
(as 
referred 
to 
under 
Condition 8(a))] 
 
[Instalment (as referred to under Condition 8(i)] 
11. 
Change of Interest: 
([Change of interest rate may be applicable in 
case an Extended Maturity Date is specified as 
applicable, as provided for under Condition 8(b)] 
/ [Not Applicable]) 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Investor Put] (as referred to under Condition 
8(f)) 
 
[Issuer Call] (as referred to under Condition 8(d)) 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds [and Covered Bond 
Guarantee] [respectively]] obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Covered Bonds or related Covered 
Bond Guarantee)] 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to under 
Condition 5) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] in arrears] 
(ii) 
CB Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention/ FRN Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:

--- Page 296 ---
294 
 
 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Actual/365] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 (Fixed rate) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
30/360 (Floating rate) 
 
Eurobond Basis 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to under 
Condition 6) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
CB Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than CB 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
(iii) 
CB Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(Specified Period and Specified CB Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention, 
insert "Not Applicable") 
(iv) 
First CB Payment Date: 
[] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ 
 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ 
 
ISDA Determination/ 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Paying Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function)] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[For example EURIBOR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01]

--- Page 297 ---
295 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Actual365 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 (Fixed Rate) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
30/360 (Floating Rate) 
 
Eurobond Basis 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to under 
Condition 7) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation/Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Any other basis of determining 
amount payable: 
[(Consider whether it is necessary to specify a 
Day Count Fraction for the purposes of 
Condition [8(h) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds)]/ [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to under 
Condition 8(d)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of Covered Bonds: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 298 ---
296 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to under 
Condition 8(f))  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bonds: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of Covered 
Bonds 
[] per Calculation Amount (as referred to under 
Condition 8) [Note that the Final Redemption 
Amount shall be equal to the principal amount of 
the Series] 
 
[] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Not Applicable/[] per Calculation Amount (as 
referred under Condition 8)] 
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default or other early 
redemption: 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates) 
23. 
Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which 
principal 
is 
repayable 
in 
instalments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be 
made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
DISTRIBUTION 
24. 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names 
and 
business 
address] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names 
and 
business 
address] 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names 
and 
business 
address] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/Compliant with Regulation S 
under U.S. Securities Act of 1933] 
25. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 299 ---
297 
 
 
 
 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.)    
26. Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products, “Applicable” should be specified.)”

--- Page 300 ---
298 
 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
(Relevant third party information in respect of the Covered Bonds) has been sourced from (specify 
source). Each of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
By: _____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of ISP OBG S.r.l. 
 
By: _____________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 301 ---
299 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official 
list 
of 
[the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[specify other stock exchange]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [is expected to be/has been] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market 
of 
[the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/specify other regulated market] with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Covered Bonds are already 
admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATING 
[Not applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be 
issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated: 
Rating: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA 
Regulation). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Covered 
Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation).] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered

--- Page 302 ---
300 
 
 
 
 
under the CRA Regulation (UK).]Option 2 - CRA 
established in the EEA, not registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
EU CRA Regulation), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Covered 
Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 303 ---
301 
 
 
 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation).  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA].  [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Covered 
Bonds 
to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation).] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation and/or under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given 
to the Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation)] [and/or] [[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the

--- Page 304 ---
302 
 
 
 
 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation)]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the EU CRA Regulation)] [and/or] [Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation)]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA 
or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
EU CRA Regulation) or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.” 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: “The Issuer and [] have a conflict of 
interest with respect to the Covered Bondholders, as [].”) 
“Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Managers]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.”.

--- Page 305 ---
303 
 
 
 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)” 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i)       Use of proceeds : 
[]] 
[(ii)       Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[]] 
[(iii)       Estimated expenses in relation to the  
admission trading 
[]] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from Reuters]  
[Benchmark 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will 
be calculated by reference to [] which is 
provided by []. As at [], [] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
BMR).  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [] does/do not fall 
within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 
2 of that regulation] / [the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the BMR apply], such that [] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]” 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CFI: 
[]/Not Applicable] as published on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN. 
FISN: 
[[]/Not Applicable] as published on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN. 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)]

--- Page 306 ---
304 
 
 
 
 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names 
and 
Specified 
Offices 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
 
(Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Covered Bonds will be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.)

--- Page 307 ---
305 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
Republic of Italy 
The following is an overview of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the 
Covered Bonds. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, 
which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the 
Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special 
rules. Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds.  
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisors 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. This summary will 
not be updated to reflect changes in laws or interpretation and if such a change occurs the 
information in this summary may become invalid. 
The following summary assumes that the Issuer is resident only in Italy for tax purposes, without 
acting through a permanent establishment located outside of Italy. 
Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English term 
as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using the 
relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms.  
 
Tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (Decree 239) provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes issued, inter alia, by 
Italian banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni). For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate 
an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the 
securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Taxation of Interest 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, or (b) a non-commercial partnership, or (c) a non-
commercial private or public institution (other than companies), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities, or (d) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred 
to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (unless the Covered Bondholder described 
under (a), (b) and (c) have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Covered 
Bonds, to an authorized intermediary and they have opted for the application of the "risparmio 
gestito" regime - see "Capital Gains Tax" below).

--- Page 308 ---
306 
 
 
 
 
Subject to certain conditions, interest in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that 
qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni received by Italian resident individuals 
holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the 
Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable under Italian law. 
In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) or (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as 
a provisional tax.  
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively 
connected and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium 
and other income from the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to 
general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of 
the Covered Bondholder, also to regional tax on productive activities (IRAP)).  
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF 
(an investment company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable 
capital) established in Italy (together, the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to 
the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on the Covered 
Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of 
the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, 
but a withholding tax up to 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in 
favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 
May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 
2014, all as amended, payments of interest, premiums or incomes in respect of the Covered Bonds 
made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, 
and Italian real estate SICAFs (Real Estate SICAFs) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva, nor to 
any other income tax in the hands of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF  to the 
extent the Covered Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary. The income of the real estate fund 
or Real Estate SICAFs is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder, depending on 
the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or 
upon redemption or disposal of the units or shares. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered 
Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 
20 per cent substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each 
year. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
applicable under Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(SIMs), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other

--- Page 309 ---
307 
 
 
 
 
entities identified by a Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an Intermediary) as 
subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary must: (a) be (i) resident in Italy or (ii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting 
through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the 
Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for 
the purposes of Decree 239 and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer 
of the Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of 
Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change of the Intermediary 
with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied 
and withheld by any entity paying interest to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, by the Issuer.  
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided 
that the non-Italian resident Covered Bondholder is either (a) a beneficial owner resident, for tax 
purposes, in a state or territory which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as 
listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented, and 
subject to possible further amendments by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11 paragraph 4 (c) 
of Decree 239 (the White List); or (b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central bank or an entity 
which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an “institutional investor” 
which is incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of 
a taxpayer in its own country of incorporation.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-resident investors must be the beneficial owners of payments of 
interest, premium or other income or qualify as certain types of institutional investors and must (a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds, the Receipts or the coupons with a bank or a SIM 
or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator of 
a clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 a resident bank 
or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy or a non-resident bank or SIM which are in contact via 
computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) file with the relevant depositary, prior to 
or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, a statement of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder, to be provided only once, until revoked or withdrawn, in which the Covered Bondholder 
declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such 
statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks 
or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements 
set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent., or at the reduced rate provided 
for by any applicable double tax treaty, if any, to interest, premium and other income paid to Covered 
Bondholders other than those listed above or, even if listed, which failed to comply with the 
aforementioned requirements and procedures. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
by an Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment 
of liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be subject to a 
provisional withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent. pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 
September 1973, as subsequently amended. In case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders, the withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent. as a final tax.

--- Page 310 ---
308 
 
 
 
 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) 
rate of withholding tax. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor 
will be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject 
to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni), 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares 
pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are 
securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount 
not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give 
any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in 
connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain conditions, interest in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that do 
not qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni and are treated as atypical securities 
received by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including 
the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
applicable under Italian law. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial 
entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public 
institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when 
the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For 
non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable 
tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be 
treated as part of the taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the 
Covered Bondholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by 
an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of 
foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in 
an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial 
private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale early 
redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at 
the current rate of 26 per cent.  
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
taxation of capital gains realised by Italian resident Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, the

--- Page 311 ---
309 
 
 
 
 
imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital 
gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by investors pursuant to all sales, early redemption or 
redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax year. Italian Covered Bondholders 
under (i) to (iii) above must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any 
relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains 
together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may 
be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) 
above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early 
redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by 
Article 6 of the Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as a subsequently amended, the 
Decree 461). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Covered Bonds 
being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (b) an 
express and valid election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by 
the relevant Covered Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva 
in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds 
(as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred 
capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the 
Covered Bondholder or using funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within 
the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the 
capital gains in the annual income tax return.  
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian resident Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above 
who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an 
authorised intermediary and have validly opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (regime 
provided by Article 7 of Decree 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. 
substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito 
regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the 
risparmio gestito regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised 
in the annual income tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but 
subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may subject to the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain conditions, capital gain in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
received by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including 
the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
applicable under Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian real estate fund or a Real Estate 
SICAF to which the provisions of Decree 351 , Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into 
Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, as 
subsequently amended apply will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax 
at the level of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real estate

--- Page 312 ---
310 
 
 
 
 
investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder or 
shareholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, 
through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 
20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, capital gains in respect of Covered Bonds realized upon sale, transfer or 
redemption by Italian Pension Fund may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable under Italian law. 
 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders, without a permanent 
establishement in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early 
redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to 
Italian taxation, provided that the Covered Bonds are traded on regulated markets and, in certain 
cases, subject to the timely filing of a self-declaration form with the Italian Intermediary with which 
the Covered Bonds are deposited attesting the status of the relevant Covered Bondholder. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, without a permanent 
establishement in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early 
redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva, provided that the Covered Bondholder: (a) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the 
capital gain and is resident in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or 
body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) 
is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) 
is an institutional investor which is incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it 
does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of incorporation, in any case, to the extent 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are 
met or complied with in due time, if applicable. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds 
are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of 
Covered Bonds. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 (Decree No. 262), converted into Law No. 286 of 
24 November 2006 as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including the 
Covered Bonds) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding € 1,000,000, for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire value of the

--- Page 313 ---
311 
 
 
 
 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000, for 
each beneficiary; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 
per cent on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (a) public 
deeds and notarized deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (b) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in “case of use” (caso d’uso) or upon occurrence of an explicit 
reference (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2-ter of Part I of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 
October 1972 (Decree 642), a proportional stamp duty applies, based on an annual basis, to any 
periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Covered 
Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bond which may be deposited with such financial intermediary 
in Italy.  
The stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the 
market value or – if no market value figure is available – on the face value or redemption value, or in 
the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Covered 
Bond is held. The stamp duty cannot exceed € 14,000 if the Covered Bondholder is not an individual. 
The stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that 
Covered Bonds are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not 
mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting 
periods less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy and Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client – 
regardless of the fiscal residence of the investor – (as defined in the regulatins issued by the Bank of 
Italy on 9 February 2011, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restate) of an entity that 
exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
According to the provisions set forth by Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and 
supplemented, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-commercial private or public institutions and 
Italian non-commercial partnership, holding financial assets – including the Covered Bonds - outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay in their own annual tax return a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per 
cent. This tax cannot exceed € 14,000 if the taxpayer is not an individual. In this case, the 
abovementioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree 642 does not 
apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if 
no market value figure is available – on the nominal value or the redemption or in tge case the face or 
redemption values cannot be determined, on purchase value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. The amount of tax due, based on the value indicated by the Covered Bondholder in its 
own annual tax return, must be paid within the same date in which payment of the balance of the 
annual individual income taxis due.

--- Page 314 ---
312 
 
 
 
 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the 
State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the Wealth Tax if such assets are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case 
the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 par. 2-ter of Part I of the tariff attached to 
Decree 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar 
institutions are required to report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree No. 167 
of 28 June 1990 converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from 
time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Covered Bonds held abroad during each tax 
year. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered 
Bonds deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered 
into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Covered 
Bonds have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only 
composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 
threshold throughout the year. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is a general description of certain Luxembourg withholding tax 
considerations relating to the Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Covered Bonds, whether in Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective 
purchasers of the Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws 
could be relevant to acquiring, holding and/or disposing of the Covered Bonds and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds and the consequences 
of such actions under the tax laws of Luxembourg. This information is based on the laws, regulations 
and administrative and judicial interpretations presently in force in Luxembourg and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date.   
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law 
and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption 
or repurchase of the Covered Bonds can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg 
or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable 
Luxembourg tax laws currently in force and subject however to the application of the Luxembourg 
law of 23 December 2005, as amended, (the Relibi Law) which has introduced a 20% withholding 
tax on certain payments of interest made to Luxembourg resident individuals. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if 
the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Payments of interest under the the Covered Bonds coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be 
subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 %.

--- Page 315 ---
313 
 
 
 
 
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Relibi Law is 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of the Relibi Law and not by the 
Issuer. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions, including the Republic of Italy, have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs 
as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes 
of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Covered 
Bonds (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Further Issues”) that are 
not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds. In the event 
any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has 
since stated that it will not participate and on 16 March 2016 it completed the formalities required to 
leave the enhanced co-operation on FTT. 
The Commission’s Proposed has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply 
to certain dealings in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established 
in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional

--- Page 316 ---
314 
 
 
 
 
EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised 
to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 317 ---
315 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to the Dealer(s). The arrangements under 
which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
the Dealer(s) are set out in the Dealer Agreement. The Dealer Agreement provides for, inter alia, an 
indemnity to the Dealer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered 
Bonds. The Dealer Agreement also provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealer(s) and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Series. The Dealer Agreement contains, inter alia, 
stabilising provisions. In the Dealer Agreement it is stated that Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the 
Covered Bonds to or through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, 
or directly to purchasers. 
Subscription Agreements 
Any Subscription Agreement between the Issuer and the Dealer and/or any additional or other dealers, 
from time to time, for the sale and purchase of Covered Bonds (each a Relevant Dealer) will, inter 
alia, provide for the price at which the relevant Covered Bonds will be subscribed for by the Relevant 
Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in 
respect of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered 
Bonds then being issued. 
Selling restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any of the Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes 
of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended,  
MiFID II); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 (Insurance Distribution Directive ), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Covered Bonds in that Member State:

--- Page 318 ---
316 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in 
relation to any Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled the “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms  in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area or the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article2 of Regulation EU  No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (UE) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA. 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds does not include the legend “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom State except 
that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domesic law by virtue of 
the EUWA ; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domesic law by virtue of the EUWA), in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 319 ---
317 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Regulation EU 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation 
to any Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as 
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a 
syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such 
Covered Bonds are a part within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States of America or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or 
sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such 
offer or sale is made otherwise that in accordance with an available exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and, accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, that it it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell, directly or indirectly, any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident 
in Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the 
laws of Japan. 
The United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 320 ---
318 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, as the case may be; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds and that such offers, 
sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, 
D.411-1, L.533-16 and L.533-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds except in conformity 
with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, implementing 
measures in Ireland and the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014 of Ireland and every 
other enactment that is to be read together with any of those Acts; 
(b) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo which are not listed on a stock 
exchange and which do not mature within two years its action in any jurisdiction will comply 
with the then applicable laws and regulations of that jurisdiction, it will not knowingly offer 
to sell such Covered Bonds to an Irish resident, or to persons whose usual place of abode is 
Ireland, and that it will not knowingly distribute or cause to be distributed in Ireland any 
offering material in connection with such Covered Bonds. In addition, such Covered Bonds 
must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or Depository Trust Company 
(or any other clearing system recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners) and 
have a minimum denomination of £300,000 or its equivalent at the date of issuance; 
(c) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo which are not listed on a stock 
exchange and which mature within two years, such Covered Bonds must have a minimum 
denomination of €500,000 or US$500,000 or, in the case of Covered Bonds which are 
denominated in a currency other than euro or US dollars, the equivalent in that other currency 
of €500,000 (such amount to be determined by reference to the relevant rate of exchange at  
the date of first publication of this Programme). In addition, such Covered Bonds must be 
cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Depository Trust Company (or any 
other clearing system recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners); 
(d) 
it has only issued or passed on, and will only issue or pass on, any document received by it in 
connection with the issue of Covered Bonds to persons who are persons to whom the 
document may otherwise lawfully be issued or passed on;  
(e) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of S.I. No. 60 of 2007, the 
European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998, with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to the Covered Bonds or operating in, or otherwise involving, Ireland is acting under 
and within the terms of an authorisation to do so for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/UE of

--- Page 321 ---
319 
 
 
 
 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 April 2004 and it has complied with any 
applicable codes of conduct or practice made pursuant to implementing measures in respect of 
the foregoing Directive in any relevant jurisdiction; 
(f) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance 
with the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942-2013 (as amended) and any codes of 
conduct rules made thereunder; and 
(g) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance 
with the provisions of the Market Abuse (Directive 2003/6/EC) Regulations 2005 (as 
amended) and any rules issued under the Irish Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of 
Ireland. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of 
Germany in compliance with the provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February, 1998, as amended (the Financial Law) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and 
regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or 
(b) above must: 
(h) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Law, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1st September, 1993, as 
amended (the Banking Law); 
(i) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Law and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
General 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more 
listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealer 
that would permit a public offering of Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of any offering 
material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealer to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession or 
distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expenses.

--- Page 322 ---
320 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered  Bonds 
or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus, any offering material or any Final Terms, and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it 
of Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or 
in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (if applicable) and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Dealer(s) represents that Covered Bonds 
may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility 
for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 323 ---
321 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Admission to Trading and Minimum Denomination 
Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to the official list and be traded on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds may be listed on such other stock exchange as the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) 
may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on an unlisted basis. 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospect us 
Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, where the 
Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
currency). 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolutions of the Management Board 
(consiglio di gestione) of the Issuer on 15 March 2012, 15 May 2012, 11 September 2018 and 19 
March 2019. 
The granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee was authorised by the resolutions of the board of 
directors of the Covered Bond Guarantor on 31 May 2012, 21 May 2013, 24 September 2018 and 20 
March 2019 and 3 November 2021, respectively. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be accepted for clearance through Monte 
Titoli. The relevant Final Terms shall specify (i) any other clearing system as shall have accepted for 
clearance the relevant Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form, together with any further 
appropriate information or (ii) with respect to the Covered Bonds issued in any of the other forms 
which may be indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the indication of the agent or registrar through 
which payments to the holders of the Covered Bonds will be made.  
The registered office of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is at Via Mantegna 6, 20154 Milan, Italy. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in 
relation to the Covered Bonds of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, there shall be at all times a Representative of the Covered Bondholders appointed to act 
in the interest and behalf of the Covered Bondholders. The initial Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly known as Finanziaria 
Internazionale Securitisation Group S.p.A. and then FISG S.r.l.). Banca Finanziaria Internazionale 
S.p.A.  (formerly known as Finanziaria Internazionale Securitisation Group S.p.A. and then FISG 
S.r.l.)  shall be appointed by the Dealer(s) in accordance with the Dealer Agreement and the relevant 
Subscription Agreements. 
No material litigation 
Save as disclosed under paragraph “Legal Proceedings” in the section “Description of the Issuer” of 
this Base Prospectus during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have 
been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, nor are the Issuer or the Covered Bond

--- Page 324 ---
322 
 
 
 
 
Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of such kind, which have had or may have 
significant effects on the Issuer's or the Covered Bond Guarantor’s financial position or profitability. 
Trend Information/ No Material Change  
Since (i) 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer; 
(ii) 30 September 2021 there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group 
and (iii) 30 September 2021 there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer 
and the Group.  
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor. 
Since 30 June 2021, (i) there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Guarantor 
and (ii) there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Guarantor. 
Programme Amount Increase 
On 3 November 2021 the Issuer has passed a resolution to approve the increase of the Programme 
Ammount to Euro 55,000,000,000. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business 
hours at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(i) 
the Transaction Documents, including the Covered Bond Guarantee (which is also available 
on https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20201204_Covered_Bond_
Guarantee_OBG.PDF); 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the 
date 
hereof 
(which 
are 
also 
available 
on 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/governance/company-documents/2019); 
(iii) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws 
(Statuto) 
as 
of 
the 
date 
hereof 
(which 
are 
also 
available 
on 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/it/investor-relations/prospetti/emissioni-
internazionali/obbligazioni-bancarie/programma-obg-mutui-ipotecari-multi/programma-obg-
mutui-ipotecari-multi 
and 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-
relations/prospectus/international-issue-documents/covered-bonds/programma-obg-mutui-
ipotecari--multi-originator-/obg-mortgage-multi); 
(iv) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as at 30 September 2021; 
(v) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the half-year 
2021, with auditors’ limited review report; 
(vi) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the half-year 
2020, with auditors’ limited review report; 
(vii) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 
31 December 2020;

--- Page 325 ---
323 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 
31 December 2019; 
(ix) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s unaudited interim condensed financial statements including 
the auditors’ limited review in respect of the half-year 2021; 
(x) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020; 
(xi) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; 
(xii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base 
Prospectus; 
(xiii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 31 July 
2014, as supplemented on 8 January 2015 (pages 49 to 52 (inclusive)), pages 175 to 229 
(inclusive), in the prospectus dated 30 July 2015, pages 187 to 243 (inclusive) and in the 
prospectus dated 20 July 2016, pages 197 to 253 (inclusive), in the prospectus dated 20 
December 2017, pages 206 to 261 (inclusive), in the prospectus dated 20 December 2018, 
pages 210 to 267 (inclusive),  in the prospectus dated 22 December 2019, pages 215 to 274 
(inclusive), and in the prospectus dated 22 December 2020, pages 226 to 268 (both included) 
each prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme; 
(xiv) 
any reports, letters, balance sheets, valuations and statements of experts included or referred 
to in the Base Prospectus (other than consent letters); 
(xv) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to the official list and traded 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (such Final Terms will be also 
available on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.bourse.lu). In the 
case of any Covered Bonds which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms 
will only be available for inspection by the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified Office 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly available financial statements and 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
The external auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their 
report on the accounts of the Issuer in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is 
included. 
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which 
are admitted to the official list and traded on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
will be published by the Issuer on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at 
https://www.bourse.lu. 
 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base 
Prospectus, will be made publicy available by the Issuer in electronic form for at least 10 years on

--- Page 326 ---
324 
 
 
 
 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-
documents/covered-bonds/programma-obg-mutui-ipotecari--multi-originator-/obg-mortgage-multi. 
 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Covered Bond Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered 
into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may 
be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered 
Bondholders. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG S.p.A. for the period 2012 – 2020., KPMG S.p.A. has audited 
the financial statements of the Issuer, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA 
Italia) promulgated pursuant to article 11.3 of Legislative decree no. 39/10 as at and for the years 
ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The audit report on 2019 audited financial 
statements has been issued by KPMG S.p.A. on 18 March 2020. The audit report on 2020 audited 
financial statements has been issued by KPMG S.p.A. on 24 March 2021.  
KPMG S.p.A. has also performed a limited review on the 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
Statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2020 in accordance with CONSOB Regulation 
No. 10867 on 31 July 1997. The audit report in respect of the half-year 2020 has been issued by 
KPMG S.p.A. on 5 August 2020. 
KPMG S.p.A. is a member of Assirevi, the Italian professional association of auditors and as required 
by article 17 “Setting up the Register” of Ministerial decree no. 145 of 20 June 2012 “Regulation 
implementing article 2.2/3/4/7 and article 7.7 of Legislative decree no. 39 of 27 January 2010, 
implementing Directive 2006/43/EC on statutory audits of annual accounts and consolidated accounts 
(12G0167)”. KPMG S.p.A. is included in the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministery for 
Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office, at no. 70623. 
KPMG S.p.A. was appointed to act as Intesa Sanpaolo’s external auditor for the period 2012-2020. 
KPMG S.p.A. address is: Via Vittor Pisani, 25, 20124 Milan. 
The auditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are KPMG S.p.A. for the period 2017-2020. KPMG 
S.p.A. has audited the financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia) promulgated pursuant to article 11.3 of Legislative 
decree no. 39/10 as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
The audit report on 2019 audited financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor has been issued 
by KPMG S.p.A. on 10 March 2020. The audit report on 2020 audited financial statements of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor has been issued by KPMG S.p.A. on 5 March 2021.  
 
The auditors of the Issuer are EY S.p.A. for the period 2021 – 2029. EY S.p.A. is an independent 
public accounting firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro 
Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. EY S.p.A. is 
also a member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian 
Auditors Association. The business address of EY S.p.A. is Via Lombardia, 31 – 00187 Rome, Italy.  
 
EY S.p.A. performed an interim review on the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer at 30 June 2021 and for the six months then ended and issued the review report on 5 
August 2021. The first financial statements of Issuer to be audited by EY S.p.A will be those at 31 
December 2021 and for the year then ended.  
The auditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are EY S.p.A. for the period 2021 – 2023. EY S.p.A. is 
an independent public accounting firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy

--- Page 327 ---
325 
 
 
 
 
Auditors (Registro Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. 
EY S.p.A. is also a member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the 
Italian Auditors Association. The business address of EY S.p.A. is Via Lombardia, 31 – 00187 Rome, 
Italy. The first financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor to be subject to limited review by 
EY S.p.A is those as at and for the six months period ended 30 June 2021.  
 
The audit report in respect of the half year 2021 has been issued by EY S.p.A. on 27 July 2021. 
Declaration of the officer responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
The officer responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, Fabrizio Dabbene, declares, 
pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Financial Law, that the accounting information 
contained in this Base Prospectus corresponds to the Issuer's documentary results, books and 
accounting records. 
Dealer(s) transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealer(s) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealer(s) and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealer(s) and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealer(s) or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealer(s) and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. The Dealer(s) and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments. For avoidance of doubts the term “affiliates” in this paragraph includes also parent 
companies. Moreover, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. will be acting as Issuer, Arranger and Dealer in the 
context of the Programme.

--- Page 328 ---
326 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents, 
which have been previously published, or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus or 
filed with the CSSF, together, in each case, with the audit reports (if any) thereon: 
(a) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as at 30 September 2021; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2021/30092021_Interim_statement.pdf;  
(b) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the half-year 
2021, with auditors’ limited review report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2021/20210928_Relazione_semestrale_uk.pdf   
(c) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the half-year 
2020, with auditors’ limited review report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20200917_Semestrale_uk.pdf 
(d) 
the Issuer's audited consolidated annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2020; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20210428_Bilanci_2020_DEF_uk.pdf  
(e) 
the Issuer's audited consolidated annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2019; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2019/20200430_BILANCI_2019_Def_uk.pdf  
(f) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s unaudited interim condensed financial statements, including the 
auditors’ limited review report, in respect of the half-year 2021; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20211105_semestrale_OBG
_uk.pdf  
(g) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020;  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20211105_ISP_OBG_bilanci
o_31122020_uk.pdf  
(h) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20200811_ISP_OBG_bilanci
o_31122019_uk.PDF  
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 31 July 2014, 
as supplemented on 8 January 2015 (pages 49 to 52), pages 175 to 229 (inclusive), in the 
prospectus dated 30 July 2015, pages 187 to 243 (inclusive), in the prospectus dated 20 July 
2016, pages 197 to 253 (inclusive), in the prospectus dated 20 December 2017, pages 206 to

--- Page 329 ---
327 
 
 
 
 
261 (inclusive), in the prospectus dated 20 December 2018, pages 210 to 267 (inclusive), in the 
prospectus dated 23 December 2019, pages 215 to 274 (inclusive) and in the prospectus dated 
22 December 2020, pages from 231 to 267 (both included), each prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/CNT-05-000000023989E.pdf 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/CNT-05-000000035E487.pdf 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/CNT-05-000000023BBA8.pdf  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/CNT-05-00000004CB0E7.pdf 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/CNT-05-00000004FCB27.pdf 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/CNT-05-00000005255C8.PDF 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/20191224_CBI_Ipotecario_BP_
final.pdf  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/20201222_Base_Prospectus_ISP
_OBG_MI.pdf  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_obg/CNT-05-000000023BBA8.pdf  
 
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save 
that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any part of the documents listed under items from (a) to (i) 
above not listed in cross reference list below but contained in such documents, is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer or, for the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements of  
the Issuer as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s 
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the half-year 2020, with auditors’ 
limited review report, the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of 
the half-year 2021, with auditors’ limited review report, the Issuer’s unaudited condensed 
consolidated financial statements as at 30 September 2021 and the auditor's report for the Issuer for 
the financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 on the Issuer's website 
(http://www.group.intesasanpaolo.com/scriptIsir0/si09/investor_relations/eng_bilanci_relazioni.jsp 
).This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will also be available on the

--- Page 330 ---
328 
 
 
 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's web site (http://www.bourse.lu).  
 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements referred to above, together with the audit reports 
thereon, the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the half-year 
2020 with auditors’ limited review report, the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial 
statements in respect of the half-year 2021, with auditors’ limited review report and the Issuer’s 
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as at 30 September 2021 are available both in 
the original Italian language and in English language. The English language versions represent a 
direct translation from the Italian language documents. The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
as relevant, are responsible for the English translations of the financial reports incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and declare that such is an accurate and not misleading translation in 
all material respects of the Italian language version of the Issuer's and Covered Bond Guarantor's 
financial reports (as applicable). 
Cross-reference List 
The following table shows where the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
including the information required under Annex 7 of the Prospectus Regulation (in respect of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor), can be found in the above mentioned financial statements incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Interim statements of the Issuer as at 30 September 2021 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .........................................................................  
38-39 
Consolidated income statement ...................................................................  
40 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ..........................................  
41 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity.................................................  
42-43 
Economic results .......................................................................................  
44-74 
Balance sheet aggregates ...........................................................................  
75-90 
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area .......................................  
91-107 
Risk management ......................................................................................  
108-122 
Accounting policies ...................................................................................  
123-127 
Declaration of the Manager responsible for preparing the Company's financial reports 
pursuant to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 .................................  
128 
Attachments .............................................................................................  
129 - 158 
 
Unaudited Half-yearly report of the Issuer as at 30 June 2021

--- Page 331 ---
329 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet.......................................................................... 
58 - 59 
Consolidated income statement .................................................................... 
60 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ........................................... 
61 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ................................................. 
62 - 63 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ............................................................ 
64 
Explanatory Notes ..................................................................................... 
65 - 194 
Accounting policies .................................................................................... 
67 - 76 
Subsequent events ...................................................................................... 
77 
Economic results ....................................................................................... 
78 - 105 
Balance sheet aggregates ............................................................................ 
106 - 123 
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area and geographical area ....... 
124 - 152 
Risk management ....................................................................................... 
153 - 184 
Shareholder base, related party transactions and other information .................. 
185 - 191 
Certification of the half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements 
pursuant to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998.................................. 
192 – 194 
 
195  
Independent Auditors' Report ...................................................................... 
197 - 200 
Attachments .............................................................................................. 
201 - 228 
Audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended on 31 
December 2020

--- Page 332 ---
330 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet....................................................................... 
198 - 199 
Consolidated income statement ................................................................. 
200 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ........................................ 
201 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity .............................................. 
202 - 203 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ......................................................... 
204 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ............................................. 
205 - 585 
– Part A – Accounting policies.................................................................. 
207 - 282 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet .............................. 
283 - 375 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement ........................ 
376 - 399 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income .......................................... 
400 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies ......................... 
401 - 543 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital ............................................. 
544 - 547 
– Part G – Business combinations.............................................................. 
548 - 567 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties .. 
568 - 573 
– Part I – Share-based payments................................................................ 
574 - 577 
– Part L – Segment reporting .................................................................... 
578 - 580 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ................................................................. 
581 - 585 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 .................................................................... 
 
586 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements............ 
587 - 598 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements.................................. 
599 - 626 
 
 
Half-yearly report of the Issuer as at 30 June 2020 
 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated  balance  sheet ......................................................................... 
60 - 61 
Consolidated  income  statement.................................................................... 
62 
Statement of consolidated  comprehensive  income........................................... 
63 
Changes  in consolidated  shareholders' equity ................................................. 
64 - 65 
Consolidated  statement of cash flows............................................................ 
66 
Explanatory   Notes ..................................................................................... 
67 - 169 
Accounting   policies.................................................................................... 
69 - 76 
Subsequent   events...................................................................................... 
77 
Economic  results ....................................................................................... 
78 - 96 
Balance  sheet   aggregates............................................................................ 
97 - 130 
Breakdown of  results by business area  and geographical area.......................... 
131 - 158 
Risk    management....................................................................................... 
159 - 189 
Shareholder base, related party transactions and other information .................. 
190 - 196 
Certification  of the half-yearly  condensed consolidated financial statements 
pursuant to  Art. 154 bis  of  Legislative Decree 58/1998 ................................. 
197 - 198

--- Page 333 ---
331 
 
 
 
 
Independent  Auditors'  Report ...................................................................... 
199 - 202 
Attachments.............................................................................................. 
203 - 226 
 
Audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended on 31 
December 2019 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet....................................................................... 
172-173 
Consolidated income statement ................................................................. 
174 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ........................................ 
175 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity .............................................. 
176-177 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ......................................................... 
178 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ............................................. 
179-534 
– Part A – Accounting policies.................................................................. 
181-257 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet .............................. 
258-343 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement ........................ 
344-367 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income .......................................... 
368 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies ......................... 
369-504 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital ............................................. 
505-509 
– Part G – Business combinations.............................................................. 
510-515 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties .. 
516-522 
– Part I – Share-based payments................................................................ 
523-526 
– Part L – Segment reporting .................................................................... 
527-529 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ................................................................. 
530-534 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 .................................................................... 
535 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements............ 
537-545 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements.................................. 
547-572 
Covered Bond Guarantor half-yearly report as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2021  
Unaudited half-year condensed financial statements 
Page number(s) 
Statement of financial position 
13 – 14 
Income Statement 
15 
Statement of comprehensive income 
16 
Statements of changes in equity  
17 
Statement of cash flows 
18 
Notes to the condensed interim financial statements 
19 -65 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
First 3 pages of 
the PDF version 
of the document 
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor for the year ended on 31 
December 2020 
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Page number(s)

--- Page 334 ---
332 
 
 
 
 
Statement of financial position 
17 - 18 
Income Statement 
19 
Statement of comprehensive income 
20 
Statements of changes in equity 
21 
Statement of Cash Flows  
22 
Notes to the financial statements 
23 - 77 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
From pages 23 to 
pages 26 of the 
PDF version of 
the documents 
 
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor for the year ended on 31 
December 2019 
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Page number(s) 
Statement of financial position 
25-26 
Income Statement 
27 
Statement of comprehensive income 
28 
Statements of changes in equity 
29 
Statement of Cash Flows  
30 
Notes to the financial statements 
32-73 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
First 5 pages of 
the PDF version 
of the document 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in previous Prospectuses (as 
supplemented, where applicable) 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 
31 July 2014 
Pages 175-229 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 
30 July 2015 
Pages 187-243 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the supplement to the 
prospectus dated 8 January 2015 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 
Pages 49 - 52 
 
Pages 197-253

--- Page 335 ---
333 
 
 
 
 
20 July 2016 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 
20 December 2017 
Pages 206-261 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 
20 December 2018 
Pages 210 – 244 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the prospectus dated 
23 December 2019 
Pages 215 – 274 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondscontained in the prospectus dated 22 
December 2020 
Pages 231 – 267  
 
 
 
 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting 
principles issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the relative 
interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC), as adopted 
by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. 
The information not included in the cross-reference lists above is not incorporated by reference. Part 
of the documents in the cross-reference list above has not been incorporated by reference and is 
considered either not relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 336 ---
334 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS 
TO 
THE 
BASE 
PROSPECTUS, 
FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER 
PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealer(s) to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
Base Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or 
incomplete and has further agreed with the Dealer(s) to furnish a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Covered Bonds and which arises or is noted between the time when this Base Prospectus has been 
approved and the final closing of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds offered to the public or, as 
the case may be, when trading of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on a regulated market 
begins, in respect of Covered Bonds issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with the Dealer(s) to issue Covered Bonds in a form not 
contemplated in the section headed "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the information relating 
to that Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Series or 
Tranche (a Drawdown Prospectus) will be made available and will contain such information. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will be the 
conditions set out in the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds", as completed 
to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor and the relevant 
Covered Bonds or (2) by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor, a securities note containing the necessary information 
relating to the relevant Covered Bonds and, if applicable, a summary note. 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission to trading of the Covered Bonds on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, that if there shall occur any adverse change in 
the business or financial position of the Issuer or any change in the information set out under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds", that is material in the context of issuance of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue by the Issuer of Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 337 ---
335 
 
 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
The following terms and other terms used in this Base Prospectus are subject to, and in some cases 
are summaries of, the definitions of such terms as set out in the Transaction Documents, as they may 
be amended from time to time. 
Account Bank means the entity appointed as account bank by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant 
to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, being, as at the Programme Date, Intesa Sanpaolo 
and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Intesa Sanpaolo and CACIB. 
Accounts means the CACIB Accounts, the Receivables Account Bank Accounts and the Other 
Accounts. 
Additional Interest Amount means:  
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
the amount of Interest Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (x) of the Pre-Issuer Default 
Interest Priority of Payments; 
or 
(b) 
following to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the algebraic 
sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from under items (i) to (ix) of the Post-
Issuer Default Priority of Payments; 
or 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default an amount equal to 
the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from under items (i) to (viii) of the Post-
Guarantor Default Priority of Payments. 
Additional Receivables Account Bank any bank, other than the Receivables Account Banks, which 
may accede to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Additional Receivables Account Bank Account means any account which may be opened in the 
name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with any Additional Receivables Account Bank in accordance 
with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Additional Seller has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed "Nominal Value Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Adjustment Spread has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Administrative Services Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Administrative Services Provider has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Affected Loan has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Nominal Value 
Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure".

--- Page 338 ---
336 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Portfolio Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed "Amortisation Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Amortisation Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
"Amortisation Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Amortisation Test Outstanding Principal Balance has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
under paragraph headed "Amortisation Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Approved Reorganisation has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Article 74 Event has the meaning given to such expression in the Conditions. 
Article 74 Notice to Pay has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Asset Cover Report means the report to be sent by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement.  
Asset Hedging Counterparty has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Asset Monitor Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Asset Monitor has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Asset Monitor Report Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Report means the report to be sent by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the Asset 
Monitor Agreement.  
Asset Percentage has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Tests" under 
the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Asset Swaps has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Available Funds has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Banking Law has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Base Interest Amount means 0.5% per annum. 
Base Prospectus means this base prospectus prepared in connection with the Programme, as 
supplemented and amended from time to time. 
Benchmark Event has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
BoI OBG Regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza sulle OBG) means the supervisory instructions of the 
Bank of Italy relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Third Part, Chapter 
3, of the circular No. 285 dated 17 December 2013 containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le 
banche", as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
BoI Regulations means the supervisory instructions issued by the Bank of Italy in relation to banks or 
financial intermediary, as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
Business Day has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Business Day Convention has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
CACIB means Crédit Agricole - Corporate and Investment Bank, a bank incorporated under the laws 
of France with its registered offices at 9, Quai du Président Paul Doumer, 92920 Paris La Défense 
Cedex, registered with the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés de Nanterre with no. SIREN 304 
187 701, share capital Euro 7,327,121,031, acting through its Milan Branch with offices at Piazza 
Cavour 2, 20121 Milan, Italy, enrolled in the register of banks held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
Article 13 of the Banking Law under number 5276.

--- Page 339 ---
337 
 
 
 
 
CACIB Accounts means the CACIB Italian Accounts, the CACIB French Cash Accounts and the 
CACIB French Securities Accounts. 
CACIB Collateral Account means the collateral account no. 002212109204, IBAN 
IT81O0343201600002212109204, opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with CACIB 
and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
CACIB Collection Account/ISP means the collection account no. 002212100286, IBAN 
IT16O0343201600002212100286, opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with CACIB 
and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
CACIB Eligible Investment Account/ISP means the eligible investment account no. 02586804730, 
IBAN FR7631489000100258680473047, opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
CACIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any 
replacement thereof. 
CACIB Eligible Investment Accounts means the the CACIB Eligible Investment Account /ISP. 
CACIB French Cash Accounts means the CACIB Investment Accounts, the CACIB Interest 
Securities Collection Account and the CACIB Principal Securities Collection Account. 
CACIB French Securities Accounts means the CACIB Securities Account and the CACIB Eligible 
Investments Accounts. 
CACIB Interest Securities Collection Account means the interest securities collection account no. 
00258681152, IBAN FR7631489000100025868115247, opened in the name of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor with CACIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
CACIB Investment Account/ISP means the investment account no. 00258680473, IBAN 
FR7631489000100025868047347, opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with CACIB 
and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
CACIB Italian Accounts means the CACIB Collection Account/ISP and the CACIB Payment 
Account/ISP. 
CACIB 
Payment 
Account 
means 
the 
payment account no. 002212109202, IBAN 
IT30M0343201600002212109202, opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with CACIB 
and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
CACIB Principal Securities Collection Account means the principal securities collection account 
no. 00258681249, IBAN FR7631489000100025868124947, opened in the name of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor with CACIB and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
CACIB Securities Account means the securities account no. 02586811520, IBAN 
FR7631489000100258681152047, opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with CACIB 
and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
CACIB Securities Collection Accounts means the CACIB Interest Securities Collection Account 
and the CACIB Principal Securities Collection Account. 
Calculation Agent has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Calculation Date means 3rd February, 3rd May, 3rd August and 3rd November in each calendar year 
or, in case such date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day, provided that the first 
Calculation Date will be 5th November 2012.

--- Page 340 ---
338 
 
 
 
 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Cash Manager has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
CB Interest Period has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
CB Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Clearstream has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Collection Date means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December of each year. 
Collection Period means each period from (but excluding) a Collection Date to (and including) the 
following Collection Date or, in respect of the first Collection Period, the period from (and including) 
the Evaluation Date of the transfer of the Initial Portfolio to (and including) the next following 
Collection Date. 
Collection Policies has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Servicing Agreement. 
Collections means all the amounts collected from time to time by the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
respect of the Portfolio as principal, interest and/or expenses and any payment of damages and all th e 
Excess Proceeds. 
Commercial Mortgage Loan means a Mortgage Loan referred to under Article 2, Paragraph 1 (b) of 
the MEF Decree. 
Conditions means, in relation to the Covered Bonds of any Series, the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds of such Series, as amended and supplemented from time to time and Condition shall 
be construed accordingly. 
CONSOB has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Corporate Account means the corporate account no. 1876 1000 2387, IBAN IT20 R030 6909 4001 
0000 0002 387 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo and 
operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof.  
Covered Bond Guarantee means the guarantee issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor in order to 
secure the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 7-bis of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree. 
Covered Bond Guarantor means ISP OBG S.r.l., a limited liability company (societa' a 
responsabilita' limitata) incorporated in the Republic of Italy pursuant to article 7 bis of Law 130, 
with share capital equal to Euro 42,038.00 (fully paid up) whose registered office is at Via Monte di 
Pietà 8, 20121 Milan, Italy, enrolled with the Companies' Register of Milan, under no. 05936010965, 
belonging to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, subject to the direction and coordination (direzione e 
coordinamento), pursuant to Article 2497-bis of the Italian Civil Code, of Intesa Sanpaolo. 
Covered Bond Guarantor Acceleration Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement 
upon the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
Covered Bond Guarantor Disbursement Amount means on each Guarantor Payment Date falling 
in February of each calendar year, the difference between: (i) Euro 450,000 and (ii) any amount 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account as at the Calculation Date immediately preceding such 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Covered Bond Guarantor Retention Amount means on each Guarantor Payment Date falling in 
February of each calendar year, the difference between: (i) Euro 330,000 and (ii) any amount standing

--- Page 341 ---
339 
 
 
 
 
to the credit of the Corporate Account as at the Calculation Date immediately preceding such 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
Covered Bondholders has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Covered Bonds means any covered bond issued under the Programme and denominated in such 
currency as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer which has such maturity and 
denomination as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and issued or to be issued 
by the Issuer pursuant to the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.  
Criteria means each of the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria. 
Current Balance has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement. 
Day Count Fraction has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
DBRS means DBRS Ratings GmbH. 
DBRS Covered Bonds Attachment Point or DBRS CBAP means the DBRS covered bonds 
attachment point –designating the probability that the source of payment of the Covered Bonds will 
switch from the Issuer to the Guarantor –expressed on the basis of the rating scale, as set out in the 
table included under the definition of “DBRS Equivalence Chart”, in the column named “DBRS”, of 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the Issuer, provided 
that (i) if the DBRS Rating assigned to the Issuer is public, the DBRS CBAP will be indicated on the 
web site of DBRS (www.dbrs.com), or (ii) if the DBRS Rating assigned to the Issuer is private, the 
Issuer shall give notice to the relevant Transaction Parties and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders upon the occurrence of any change relevant for the purpose of the applicability of the 
DBRS CBAP in the Transaction Documents. 
DBRS Critical Obligations Rating (COR) means the DBRS rating addressing the risk of default of 
particular obligations/ exposures of certain banks that have a higher probability of being excluded 
from bail-in and remaining in a continuing bank in the event of the resolution of a troubled bank than 
other senior unsecured obligations. It is expressed in the rating scale , as set out in the table included 
under the definition of “DBRS Equivalence Chart”, in the column named “DBRS”, provided that (i) if 
the COR assigned by DBRS to the relevant counterparty is public, it will be indicated on the web site 
of DBRS (www.dbrs.com), or (ii) if the COR assigned by DBRS to the counterparty is private, such 
counterparty shall give notice to the relevant Transaction Parties and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders upon the occurrence of any change relevant for the purpose of the applicability 
of the COR in the Transaction Documents. 
DBRS Equivalence Chart means the DBRS rating equivalent of any of the below ratings by 
Moody's, Fitch or S&P: 
Moody's 
 
S&P 
 
Fitch 
 
DBRS 
 
Long Term 
Short 
Term 
Long 
Term 
Short 
Term 
Long 
Term 
Short 
Term 
Long Term 
Short Term 
Aaa 
 
AAA 
 
AAA 
 
AAA 
R-1H 
Aa1 
 
AA+ 
 
AA+ 
 
AA(high) 
 
Aa2 
P-1 
AA 
A-1+ 
AA 
F1+ 
AA 
R-1M 
Aa3 
 
AA- 
 
AA- 
 
AA(low)

--- Page 342 ---
340 
 
 
 
 
A1 
 
A+ 
A-1 
A+ 
F1 
A(high) 
R-1L 
A2 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A3 
P-2 
A- 
A-2 
A- 
F2 
A(low) 
 
Baa1 
 
BBB+ 
 
BBB+ 
 
BBB(high) 
R-2H 
Baa2 
P-3 
BBB 
A-3 
BBB 
F3 
BBB 
R-2M 
Baa3 
 
BBB- 
 
BBB 
 
BBB(low) 
R2L R3 
Ba1 
 
BB+ 
 
BB+ 
B 
BB(high) 
R-4 
Ba2 
 
BB 
 
BB 
 
BB 
 
Ba3 
 
BB- 
 
BB- 
 
BB(low) 
 
B1 
 
B+ 
 
B+ 
 
B(high) 
 
B2 
 
B 
 
B 
 
B 
R-5 
B3 
 
B- 
 
B- 
 
B(low) 
 
Caa1 
 
CCC+ 
 
CCC+ 
C 
CCC(high) 
 
Caa2 
 
CCC 
 
CCC 
 
CCC 
 
Caa3 
 
CCC- 
 
CCC- 
 
CCC(low) 
 
C 
 
D 
 
D 
I 
D 
 
DBRS Rating means, if a public or private rating by DBRS is available, then such DBRS public or 
private rating. 
Dealer Agreement means a dealer agreement entered into on or about the Programme Date between, 
inter alios, the Issuer and the Dealer(s).  
Dealers means the Dealer and each "dealer" designated as such under the Dealer Agreement. 
Debtors means, as the case may be, the Debtors in respect of the Receivables or the Debtors in 
respect of the Securities.  
Debtors in respect of Receivables means any person, entity or subject, who is liable for the payment 
of amounts due, as principal and interest, in respect of any Receivables. 
Debtors in respect of Securities means any entity, which is liable for the payment of amounts due, as 
principal and interest, in respect of any Securities. 
Decree 239 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Decree 461 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Decree 512 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Decree 600 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Deed of Charge and Assignment has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Defaulted Asset means any Mortgage Loan which has been classified by the Servicers on behalf of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor as a Defaulted Loan and/or any Security which have been classified by 
the Servicers on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor as a Defaulted Security.

--- Page 343 ---
341 
 
 
 
 
Defaulted Loan means a Mortgage Loan in relation to which the relevant receivable is a Defaulted 
Receivable. 
Defaulted Receivable means a Receivable classified as in sofferenza in accordance with the 
provisions of the Collection Policies, as applied in compliance with the provisions of the Bank of 
Italy's supervisory regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza della Banca d'Italia) and in accordance with a 
prudent management of the Receivables carried out with the highest professional standards; and /or, 
with the provisions of the Collection Policies, when the Arrears Ratio is at least equal to (i) 10, in 
case of Mortgage Loans providing for monthly instalments, (ii) 4, in case of Mortgage Loans 
providing for quarterly instalments and (iii) 2, in case of Mortgage Loans providing for semi-annual 
instalments. For the purposes of this definition, Arrears Ratio means, at the end of each monthly 
reference period, the ratio between (a) all amounts due and unpaid as principal and/or interest 
(excluding any default interest) in relation to the relevant Receivable and (b) the amount of the 
instalment of the relevant Receivable which was due immediately prior to the end of that month. 
Defaulted Securities (Titoli in Default) means the Securities which may be classified as defaulted in 
accordance with the provisions of the Collection Policies. 
Defaulted Securities means the Securities which may be classified as defaulted in accordance with 
the provisions of the Collection Policies. 
Discount Factor has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Net Present 
Value (NPV) Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure".  
Due for Payment Date means (i) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date, or (ii) following the occurrence 
of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a 
Business Day, the Due for Payment Date will be the next following Business Day. For the avoidance 
of doubt, Due for Payment Date does not refer to any earlier date upon which payment of any 
Guaranteed Amounts may become due, by reason of prepayment, mandatory or optional redemption 
or otherwise. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement. 
Early Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Early Redemption Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Early Termination Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Eligible Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Eligible Institution means any bank with legal office in an Eligible State. 
Eligible Investments means: 
(i) 
any Public Asset, as defined below, which have a maturity up to 6 Business Days prior to 
each Guarantor Payment Date; and/or 
(ii) 
(a) 
any other Euro denominated unsubordinated dematerialised debt securities; or  
 
(b)  
repo transactions, reserve accounts, deposit accounts, and other similar accounts; 
provided that the investments under point (ii)(a) above have, and the investments 
under point (ii)(b) above are held with a bank having, a DBRS Rating or, in the 
absence of a DBRS Rating, an Equivalent Rating (upon conversion on the basis of the 
DBRS Equivalence Chart) equal as the case may be to: 
 
(A) 
in case of maturity of up to 30 calendar days:

--- Page 344 ---
342 
 
 
 
 
I. 
"BBB (low)" or “R-2 (low)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS 
Rating equal to or higher than “BBB (low)” but not higher than “A 
(low)”, or 
 II. 
“BBB (low)” or “R-2 (middle)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS 
Rating equal to “A”; or 
III. 
“BBB” or “R-2 (middle)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS Rating 
equal to “A (high)”; or 
IV. 
“BBB (high)” or “R-1 (low)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS 
Rating equal to “AA (low)” or “AA”; or 
V. 
“A (low) or “R-1 (low)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS Rating 
equal to “AA (high)”; or 
VI. 
“A” or “R-1 (low)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS Rating equal 
to “AAA”; or 
(B) 
in case of maturity of up to 90 calendar days: 
I. 
“BBB (low) or “R-2 (middle)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS 
Rating not higher than “BBB (high)”; or 
II. 
“A (low)” or “R-1 (low)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS Rating 
equal to or higher than “A (low)” but not higher than “A (high)”; or 
III. 
“AA (low)” or “R-1 (middle)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS 
Rating equal to or higher than “AA (low)”; or 
(C) 
in case of maturity of up to 180 calendar days: 
I. 
“BBB” or “R-2 (high)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS Rating 
not higher than “BBB (high)”; or 
II. 
“A” or “R-1 (low)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS Rating equal 
to or higher than “A (low)” but not higher than “A (high)”; or 
III. 
“AA” or “R-1 (high)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS Rating 
equal to or higher than “AA (low)”; or 
(D) 
in case of maturity up to 365 calendar days: 
I. 
“BBB” or “R-2 (high)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS Rating 
not higher than “BBB (high)”; or 
II. 
“A (high)” or “R-1 (middle)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS 
Rating equal to or higher than “A (low)” but not higher than “A 
(high)”; or 
III. 
“AAA” or “R-1 (high)”, if the Covered Bonds have a DBRS Rating 
equal or higher than “AA (low)”,

--- Page 345 ---
343 
 
 
 
 
which may both be liquidated without loss within 30 days from a downgrade of the DBRS Rating or, 
in the absence of a DBRS Rating an Equivalent Rating (upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS 
Equivalence Chart) and which qualify as Eligible Assets and/or Integration Asset,   
provided that: 
 
(1)  
in all cases, such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (or upon disposal 
or liquidation, as the case may be) at least equal to the principal amount invested;  
(2) 
in any event, none of the Eligible Investments set out above may consist, in whole or in part, 
actually or potentially, of (i) securities issued as a part of either the Programme or related 
transactions, or (ii) credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit 
risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any Available Funds in the context of the 
Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any time, or (iii) asset-backed 
securities, irrespective of their subordination, status or ranking or (iv) swaps, other derivatives 
instruments, or synthetic securities, or (v) any other instrument from time to time specified in 
the European Central Bank monetary policy regulations applicable from time to time as being 
instruments in which funds underlying asset-backed securities eligible as collateral for 
monetary policy operations sponsored by the European Central Bank may not be invested; 
(3) 
any such investments shall be liquidated in accordance with the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes of paragraph (i) above, "Public Assets" means (i) securities satisfying the 
requirements set forth under article 2, paragraph 1, letter c) of the MEF Decree, and (ii) loans 
extended to, or guaranteed by, the public entities set forth under article 2, paragraph 1, letter c) of the 
MEF Decree or guaranteed (on the basis of "guarantees valid for the purpose of credit risk 
mitigation" (garanzie valide ai fini della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as defined by article 1, 
para. 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree), by such public entities. 
Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Tests" under 
the section headed "Credit Structure".  
Eligible States shall mean any States belonging to the European Economic Space and Switzerland.  
EMIR Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European Parliament and Council 
dated 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories, as supplemented 
by the relevant delegated regulations, as amended from time to time. 
English Law Transaction Documents has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Equivalent Rating means: 
(a) 
if a Fitch public rating, a Moody's public rating and an S&P public rating in respect of the 
relevant security are all available at such date, the middle one of such three ratings, upon their 
conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalence Chart; or 
(b)  
if the Equivalent Rating cannot be determined under paragraph (a) above, but public ratings of 
the Eligible Investment by any two of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P are available at such date, the 
lower rating available (upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalence Chart); or 
(c) 
if the Equivalent Rating cannot be determined under paragraph (a) or (b) above, but public 
ratings of the Eligible Investment by any of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is available at such date, 
such rating (upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalence Chart).

--- Page 346 ---
344 
 
 
 
 
provided that if none of a Fitch public rating, a Moody's public rating and a S&P public rating is 
available in respect of the relevant security no Equivalent Rating will exist. 
Euribor means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate, as determined from time to time pursuant to 
the Transaction Documents. 
Euro Equivalent has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Interest 
Coverage Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Euroclear has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Conditions. 
Eurodollar Convention has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Evaluation Date means the date on which the economic effects of the assignment of the Initial 
Portfolio and/or any relevant Further Portfolio will occur, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Master Transfer Agreement. 
Excess Proceeds has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Excluded Assets means the Integration Assets in excess of the Integration Assets Limit to be 
excluded from the Portfolio. 
Excluded Swap means the portion of the hedging arrangements, if any, corresponding to the Eligible 
Assets and Integration Assets excluded from the Eligible Portfolio. 
Expected Floating Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
"Interest Coverage Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Expenses Account means the expenses account no. 1876 1000 2386, IBAN IT43 Q030 6909 4001 
0000 0002 386, opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo and 
operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
Extendable Maturity has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Extended Maturity Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Extension Determination Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
Final Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Final Terms means the specific final terms issued and published in accordance with the Conditions 
prior to the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds detailing certain relevant terms thereof which, for 
the purposes of that Series only, supplements the Conditions and the Base Prospectus and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Financial Law has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
First Issue Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
First Special Servicer has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
First Special Servicer’s Delegates means any entity appointed as such by the First Special Servicer 
in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Fixed Component of the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed "Interest Coverage Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed "Interest Coverage Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
French Law Security Document means the French law accounts pledge agreement entered into on 
24 February 2016 between, inter alios, the Covered Bond Guarantor Banca Finanziaria Internazionale

--- Page 347 ---
345 
 
 
 
 
S.p.A.  (formerly known as Finanziaria Internazionale Securitisation Group S.p.A. and then FISG 
S.r.l.)  and CACIB, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Further Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
General Criteria means the general criteria applicable for the identification of the Receivables, as set 
out in the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Guaranteed Amounts has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.  
Guarantor Interest Period means the period from (and including) the date of transfer of the Initial 
Portfolio to (and excluding) the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date and, thereafter, each 
period from (and including) a Guarantor Payment Date to (and excluding) the following Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
Guarantor means any person, entity or subject, different from the Debtor, who has granted a 
guarantee in relation to a Receivable or Security, and any successor thereof. 
Guarantor Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Hedging Counterparties has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Hedging Senior Payment has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Independent Adviser has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Individual Purchase Price means the purchase price of each Receivable, as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Initial Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Insolvency Event has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Insolvency Law means Italian Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March, 1942 (Disciplina del fallimento, 
del concordato preventivo e della liquidazione coatta amministrativa) as amended from time to time. 
Insolvency Proceedings has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Integration Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Integration Assets Limit means the limit of 15 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the assets included in the Portfolio, set forth under Article 2, Paragraph 4, of the MEF 
Decree, as amended and supplemented from time to time, to the integration of the Portfolio through 
Integrations Assets. 
Integration Assignment has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Intercreditor Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Interest Accumulation Amount means an amount, (i) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, funded 
by the Issuer and (ii) following the service of a Notice to Pay funded by the Guarantor, equal to the 
sum of interest accruing during the immediately following Guarantor Interest Period and/or due on the 
CB Payment Dates falling during the immediately following Guarantor Interest Period, in respect to 
all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
Interest Available Funds means, with reference to each Guarantor Payment Date, the sum of (a) any 
interest received from the Portfolio (net of any Interest Component of the Purchase Price) during the 
Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (b) any amount received by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor as remuneration of the Accounts and Eligible Investments (without any 
double counting) during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, 
(c) any interest amount received by the Covered Bond Guarantor as payments under the Swaps 
Agreements with the exception of any Delivery Amounts (as defined therein) on or prior to the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date, (d) any amount (other than amounts being Principal Available 
Funds, as defined below) received by the Covered Bond Guarantor from any party to the Transaction

--- Page 348 ---
346 
 
 
 
 
Documents during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (e) the 
Reserve Fund Required Amount, and (f) any amount of Interest Available Funds retained in the 
Investment Account on the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date. 
Interest Commencement Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Interest Component of the Purchase Price means, in respect of each Eligible Asset or Integration 
Asset, the amount of interest which was considered, from time to time, in order to calculate the 
relevant purchase price in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Interest Coverage Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
"Interest Coverage Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Interest Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Interest 
Coverage Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group means Intesa Sanpaolo and each of its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Intesa Sanpaolo or ISP means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a bank organised as a joint stock company 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121, 
Turin, Italy and secondary office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121, Milan, Italy, incorporated with 
Fiscal Code number and registration number with the Turin Register of Enterprises 00799960158, 
VAT number 11991500015, and registered with the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the 
Banking Law under number 5361, parent company of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, agreed into the 
Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi and into the Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia. 
Investment Account means any of the ISP Investment Account, the CACIB Investment Account/ISP 
and any investment account which may be opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
the Additional Receivables Account Bank (if any), and operating in accordance with the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
Investor Report Date means 10 Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date.  
Investor Report has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
ISP Accounts means the ISP Receivables Collection Account, the ISP Investment Account, the ISP 
Payment Account and the ISP Eligible Investment Account. 
ISP Eligible Investment Account means the eligible investment account no. 1876 3100 3989533 
opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo and operating in accordance 
with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
ISP General Payment Account means the payment account no. 1876/1000/2388, IBAN IT94 S030 
6909 4001 0000 0002 388, opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo 
and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
ISP Interest Securities Collection Account means the securities collection account no. 
07744/1000/9686, IBAN IT82 X030 6912 7111 0000 0009 686, opened in the name of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
ISP Investment Account means the investment account no. 1876/1000/2389, IBAN IT71 T030 6909 
4001 0000 0002 389 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo and 
operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
ISP Payment Account means the payment account no. 1000/0000/2352, IBAN IT48 G030 6909 
4001 0000 0002 352 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo and 
operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof.

--- Page 349 ---
347 
 
 
 
 
ISP Principal Securities Collection Account means the securities collection account no. 
07744/1000/9685, IBAN IT08 W030 6912 7111 0000 0009 685, opened in the name of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and any replacement thereof. 
ISP Receivables Collection Account means the receivables collection account no. 1876/1000/2280, 
IBAN IT64 J030 6909 4001 0000 0002 280, opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with 
Intesa Sanpaolo and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
ISP Securities Account means the securities account no. 8360541/0200, opened in the name of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo and operating in accordance with the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
Issuance Collateralisation Assignment has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph 
headed "Master Transfer Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the Transaction 
Documents". 
Issue Date means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the date of Issue of such Series of 
Covered Bonds pursuant to and in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
Issue Price means the price of Covered Bonds of each Series, which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issuer Downgrade Event means the Issuer being downgraded to ratings as determined to be 
applicable or agreed by DBRS from time to time, being, at the date hereof, to or below "BBB (low)". 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Issuer means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as issuer of the Covered Bonds. 
Italian Civil Code has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Italian Civil Procedure Code means the Italian Royal Decree No. 1443 of 28 October 1940, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Italian Law Transaction Documents has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Latest Valuation has the meaning given to such expression in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement. 
Law 130 means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as published in the Official Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 111 of 14 May 1999 (legge sulla 
cartolarizzazione dei crediti), as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Liability Hedging Counterparty has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Liability Swap Principal Accumulation Amount means, in relation to any Guarantor Payment Date, 
(a) for a Series of Covered Bonds with a Maturity Date falling during the immediately following 
Guarantor Interest Period (excluding the first day of such Guarantor Interest Period), an amount equal 
to the principal amount due under the relevant Liability Swap confirmation, or (b) for a Series of 
Covered Bonds with a Maturity Date not falling during the immediately following Guarantor Interest 
Period, an amount equal to zero. 
Liability Swaps has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Mandatory Test means each of the Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test and the Interest Coverage 
Test. 
Master Definitions Agreement means the master definitions agreement entered into on or about the 
Programme Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 350 ---
348 
 
 
 
 
Master Servicer means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other entity appointed as successor Master Servicer 
under the Servicing Agreement. 
Master Transfer Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Maturity Date means, with reference to each Series of Covered Bonds, with the exclusion of the 
Extended Maturity Date, as extended in accordance with the Conditions, the CB Payment Date, as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms, on which such Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed at 
their Outstanding Principal Balance. 
Maturity Extension has the meaning ascribed to such term under Condition 8(b). 
MEF Decree means the Decree of the Ministry of economy and finance No. 310 of 14 December 
2006, concerning the implementation of the provisions set forth in Article 7-bis of Law 130 about 
covered bonds. 
Minimum Required Account Bank Rating means a long term DBRS Rating, as determined with 
reference to any Account Bank or to any institution guaranteeing the Account Bank obligation on the 
basis of a an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee satisfying the criteria of the Rating Agency, 
which, depending on the applicable DBRS Rating of the Covered Bonds indicated in the table below 
under column “DBRS Covered Bonds Rating”, is at least equal to the corresponding rating indicated 
in the table below under column “DBRS Minimum Reference Rating”. Any Account Bank, other than 
Intesa Sanpaolo or institution guaranteeing the obligations of any Account Bank, other than Intesa 
Sanpaolo will continue to satisfy the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating for as long that the 
higher of (i) the long term DBRS Rating of such Account Bank or institution, and, if applicable, (ii) 
the DBRS Critical Obligations Rating of such Account Bank or institution decreased by one notch is 
at least equal to the rating indicated in the table below under column “DBRS Minimum Reference 
Rating”. 
It remains understood that Intesa Sanpaolo, in its capacity as Account Bank, will continue to satisfy 
the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating for as long that the higher of (i) its long term DBRS 
Rating, (ii) the DBRS Covered Bonds Attachment Point with reference to the Programme and, if 
applicable, (iii) the DBRS Critical Obligations Rating of Intesa Sanpaolo is at least equal to the rating 
indicated in the table below under column “DBRS Minimum Reference Rating”. 
 
DBRS Covered 
Bonds Rating  
DBRS 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rating  
AAA (sf) 
“A” 
AA (high) (sf) 
“A (low)” 
AA (sf) 
“BBB (high)” 
AA (low) (sf) 
“BBB (high)” 
A (high) (sf) 
“BBB” 
A (sf) 
“BBB (low)” 
A (low) (sf) 
“BBB (low)”

--- Page 351 ---
349 
 
 
 
 
BBB (high) (sf) 
“BBB (low)” 
BBB (sf) 
“BBB (low)” 
BBB (low) (sf) 
“BBB (low)” 
To the extent that CACIB is acting in its capacity as Account Bank and in the absence of any public 
DBRS Rating in relation to CACIB itself, the Minimum Required Bank Account Rating will be 
evaluated, by applying the same conditions specified above, with respect to the long term public 
DBRS Rating and the DBRS Critical Obligations Rating, as determined with reference to Credit 
Agricole S.A. in its capacity as Parent Company of CACIB.  
Minimum Required Paying Agent Rating means a long term DBRS Rating of the Paying Agent, 
satisfying the same conditions applicable to the long term DBRS Ratings of the Account Banks, as set 
out under the definition of “Minimum Required Account Bank Rating”, except for any specific 
condition applicable to the long term DBRS Rating of CACIB only.  
Minimum Required Ratings means, in respect of the Account Banks, the Paying Agent and the 
Receivables Account Banks, the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating, the Minimum Required 
Paying Agent Rating and the Minimum Required Receivables Account Bank Rating, respectively. 
Minimum Required Receivables Account Bank Rating means a long term DBRS Rating of the 
Receivables Account Banks, satisfying the same conditions applicable to the long term DBRS Ratings 
of the Account Banks, as set out under the definition of “Minimum Required Account Bank Rating”, 
except for any specific condition applicable to the long term DBRS Rating of CACIB only, in its 
capacity as Account Bank. 
Monte Titoli has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Monte Titoli Account Holders has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Mortgage Loan Agreement means any loan agreement having the characteristics set forth under 
Article 2, Paragraph 1 (a) and (b) of the MEF Decree. 
Mortgage Loan means a loan granted under a Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Mortgage means a mortgage granted over a Real Estate Asset in order to secure the Receivable 
arising from the relevant Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Negative Carry Factor has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
"Nominal Value Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Net Deposit has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
under paragraph headed "Interest Coverage Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Net Present Value has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Net Present 
Value (NPV) Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Nominal Value of the Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
"Nominal Value Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Nominal Value Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Nominal 
Value Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Notice to Pay has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
NPV Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Net Present Value 
(NPV) Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure".

--- Page 352 ---
350 
 
 
 
 
OBG Regulations means, collectively, Law 130, the MEF Decree and the BoI OBG Regulations. 
Official Gazette means the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana). 
Ordinary Resolution has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders. 
Other Accounts means the ISP General Payment Account, the ISP Securities Account, the ISP 
Interest Securities Collection Account, the ISP Principal Securities Collection Account, the Expens es 
Account and the Corporate Account. 
Other Secured Creditors has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Outstanding Principal Balance has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Paying Agent has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Payment Accounts means ISP Payment Account, CACIB Payment Account and any payment 
account which may be opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with the Additional 
Receivables Account Bank (if any), and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
Payments Report means the report substantially in the form provided for under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement to be prepared by the Calculation Agent not later than 5 
Business Days prior to the each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Pledge Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Portfolio Administration Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Portfolio Manager means the company appointed as portfolio manager in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement and any successor thereof. 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Potential Set-Off Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
"Tests" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Principal Available Funds means, with reference to each Guarantor Payment Date, the sum of: (a) 
any principal received from the Portfolio during the Collection Period immediately preceding such 
Guarantor Payment Date; (b) any principal payment and any Interest Component of the Purchase 
Price received during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (c) 
any amounts deriving from sale of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Eligible Investments 
(without any double counting) received during the Collection Period immediately preceding such 
Guarantor Payment Date, provided that any amount paid to the Covered Bond Guarantor by the Seller 
as purchase price for the Receivables repurchased by the Seller further to the exercise by the Issuer of 
its option right pursuant to the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement shall form part of the 
Principal Available Funds applicable on such Guarantor Payment Date if, by no later than the 
Business Day prior to the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (i) 
the relevant purchase price (as calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer

--- Page 353 ---
351 
 
 
 
 
Agreement) has been paid in full, (ii) cleared funds in respect thereof have been credited to the 
Investment Account and (iii) notice of the relevant payment and crediting has been given by the Seller 
and the Account Bank to the Calculation Agent (with a copy to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders), it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that any funds so applied shall not be 
double counted in respect of the Collection Period during which the relevant payment is made, (d) any 
amount of Principal Available Funds retained in the Investment Account on the immediately 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date, (e) any principal amount received by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements with the exception of any Delivery Amounts (as 
defined therein) on or prior to the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, (f) any amount credited to the 
Investment Account under item (v) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments and (g) 
following the withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay, any principal amount received in respect of 
the Excess Proceeds. 
Priorities of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Privacy Law means Italian Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 (Codice in materia di 
protezione dei dati personali), as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Programme means the Euro 40,000,000,000 (fourthy billion) Covered Bond Programme described in 
this Base Prospectus, established by the Issuer for the issuance of obbligazioni bancarie garantite. 
Programme Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Programme Limit means the amount equal to Euro 40,000,000,000.00 (fourthy billion) or any other 
amount indicated as the programme limit in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning given to it in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Programme Termination Date means 31 December 2050. 
Public Assets means Public Loans and Public Securities. 
Public Loans means the loans extended to, or guaranteed by the public entities set forth under article 
2, paragraph 1, letter (c) of the MEF Decree or guaranteed (on the basis of “guarantees valid for the 
purpose of credit risk mitigation” (garanzie valide ai fini della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as 
defined by article 1, para. 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree), by such public entities. 
Public Securities means securities satisfying the requirements set forth under article 2, paragraph 1, 
letter c) of the MEF Decree. 
Purchase Offer means the purchase offer delivered, in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement, by each Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to the assignment of each 
Further Portfolio. 
Quarterly Report Date means the date on which the Master Servicer shall deliver the Servicer 
Quarterly Report in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
Quota Capital Account means the quota capital account no. 1876/6153/9751948, IBAN IT35 S030 
6909 4006 1530 9751 948 opened in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor with Intesa Sanpaolo 
and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any replacement 
thereof. 
Quotaholders' Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Quotaholders means Intesa Sanpaolo and Stichting Viridis 2. 
Random Basis has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement. 
Rating Agency (Agenzia di Rating) means DBRS. 
Real Estate Asset means each real estate property burdened with the Mortgages.

--- Page 354 ---
352 
 
 
 
 
Receivables means any and all current, future or potential monetary claims which have arisen or will 
arise in connection with any Mortgage Loan Agreements and any relevant security interests and 
Mortgages, as well as any Integration Assets owned by the Sellers. 
Receivables Account Bank Accounts means the ISP Accounts and the Additional Receivables 
Account Banks Accounts. 
Receivables Account Banks means Intesa Sanpaolo and, from the date of its accession to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, each Additional Receivables Account Bank. 
Regulation 13 August 2018 has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Relevant Dealer(s) has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Relevant Nominating Body has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders means the entity appointed as representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, the Dealer Agreement and any 
other Transaction Document, and any successor thereof appointed in accordance with the Rules of 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
Required Redemption Amount has the meaning given to that term in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement. 
Reserve Fund Required Amount means, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the amount funded 
and maintained by the Issuer, as calculated by the Calculation Agent on or prior to each Calculation 
Date equal to the sum of the Interest Accumulation Amount and the aggregate amount to be paid by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date in respect of the 
items (i) to (iv) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means a Mortgage Loan referred to under Article 2, Paragraph 1 (a) of 
the MEF Decree. 
Resolutions has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Resulting Entity has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Revolving Assignment of Eligible Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed "Master Transfer Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the 
Transaction Documents". 
Revolving Assignment of Integration Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
paragraph headed "Master Transfer Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the 
Transaction Documents". 
Revolving Assignments has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed 
"Master Transfer Agreement" under the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents". 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression in the Conditions. 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Scheduled Interest has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Scheduled Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Scheduled Principal has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Second Special Servicer has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Secured Creditors has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 355 ---
353 
 
 
 
 
Securities means, collectively (i) the securities mentioned under Article 2, Paragraph 3, number 3, of 
the MEF Decree as well as (ii) Public Securities and any ancillary right thereto. 
Selected Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Selection Date means the date, which shall be indicated under the relevant Purchase Offer, on which 
the relevant Seller has applied the criteria for selecting the assets comprised in the relevant Further 
Portfolio. 
Sellers has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Series has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.  
Servicers has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Servicer’s Delegates meant any entity appointed as such by the Servicer in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement.  
Servicer Quarterly Report means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Master Servicer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement.  
Servicer Termination Event means one or more termination events listed under the Servicing 
Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Special Servicers has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Specific Criteria means the criteria for the selection of the Receivables to be included in the Portfolio 
to which such criteria are applied, listed in Schedule 1 to the Master Transfer Agreement for the 
Initial Portfolios and in the relevant Purchase Offer for any Further Portfolio. 
Specified Currency has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Office has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Stabilising Manager has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Dealer Agreement. 
Stichting Viridis 2 means Stichting Viridis 2, a Dutch foundation constituted as a stichting, whose 
registered office is at De Entrée 99, 1101 HE, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Subordinated Loan means the subordinated loan granted by the Subordinated Loan Provider to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor according to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Provider has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Subscription Agreement means each subscription agreement to be entered into on or about the 
relevant Issue Date between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Successor Servicer means any entity succeeding in the role as Servicer in accordance with the 
provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
Successor Special Servicer means any entity succeeding in the role as Special Servicer in accordance 
with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
Swap Agreements has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Swap Curve has the meaning ascribed to such expression under paragraph headed "Net Present Value 
(NPV) Test" under the section headed "Credit Structure". 
Swap Service Providers means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party that has entered or will enter, 
from time to time, into a Swap Service Agreement.

--- Page 356 ---
354 
 
 
 
 
Swap Service Agreements means certain mandate agreements that the Covered Bond Guarantor has 
entered into and may enter, from time to time, into for the supply to the Covered Bond Guarantor of 
certain services due under the Swap Agreements pursuant to the EMIR Regulation. 
Tests has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Tranche has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Transaction Documents has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Transfer Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Usury Law means the Italian law No. 108 of March 7, 1996, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.

--- Page 357 ---
355 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
 
Piazza San Carlo 156 
 
 
10121 Turin 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
GUARANTOR 
 
 
ISP OBG S.r.l. 
 
 
Via Monte di Pietà 8 
 
 
20121 Milan 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGERS 
  
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Via Verdi 11 
20121 Milan 
Ireland D02 RF29 
Via Manzoni 4 
Italy 
 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
 
Via Verdi 11 
Via Manzoni 4 
 
20121 Milan 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1 
 
 
31015 Conegliano (TV), 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
PAYING AGENT 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
 
Via Verdi 11 
 
 
20121 Milan 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
 
 
 
Allen & Overy 
 
 
Studio Legale Associato 
 
 
Via Ansperto 5 
 
 
20123 Milan 
 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE

--- Page 358 ---
356 
 
 
 
 
ISSUERS AND THE 
GUARANTOR FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 31 
DECEMBER 2019 AND 31 
DECEMBER 2020 
 
 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
TO THE ISSUERS AND 
THE GUARANTOR FROM 1 
JANUARY 2021 
 
 
 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Lombardia, 31 
00187 Rome 
Italy