--- Page 1 ---
International 
Personal 
Finance 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 24 August 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
International Personal Finance plc 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 06018973) 
 
 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by: 
 
IPF Holdings Limited 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 01525242) 
 
International Personal Finance Investments Limited 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 00961088) 
 
IPF International Limited 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 00753518) 
 
IPF Digital Group Limited 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 06032184) 
 
 
 
EUR 1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
HSBC 
Dealers 
HSBC, SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
AND WH IRELAND

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES ISSUED 
UNDER 
THE 
PROGRAMME 
INVOLVES 
CERTAIN RISKS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE FACTORS 
DESCRIBED UNDER THE SECTION HEADED 
“RISK FACTORS” IN THIS PROSPECTUS. 
About this document 
This document (the “Prospectus”) has been 
approved as a base prospectus by the United 
Kingdom (the “UK” or the “United Kingdom”) 
Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). The 
FCA only approves this Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
Guarantors or of the quality of the Notes (as 
defined below) that are the subject of this 
Prospectus.  
Investors should be aware that the UK 
Prospectus Regulation only applies where Notes 
are admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of Article 2(1)(13A) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR” 
and a “UK Regulated Market”) situated or 
operating within the United Kingdom and/or an 
offer of Notes is made to the public (within the 
meaning provided for the purposes of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation Rules Sourcebook that 
form part of the FCA Handbook) in the United 
Kingdom.  
This Prospectus has also been approved as a 
base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, 
as a competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of 
Ireland only approves this Prospectus as 
meeting 
the 
standards 
of 
completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or the Guarantors or of the quality of 
the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. 
The Central Bank of Ireland’s approval relates 
only to the Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II” and an “EU 
Regulated Market”) and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any member state of 
the European Economic Area (the “EEA” and 
each member state of the EEA being an “EEA 
Member State”). No offer of Notes to the public in 
the EEA will be made. 
Accordingly, Investors should be aware that they 
will only have the rights afforded by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation if the EU Prospectus 
Regulation applies and they will only have the 
rights afforded by the UK Prospectus Regulation 
if the UK Prospectus Regulation applies. 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”), 
International Personal Finance plc (the “Issuer”, 
or “IPF”) may from time to time issue notes 
denominated in any currency (the “Notes”) which 
will 
be 
unconditionally 
and 
irrevocably 
guaranteed on a joint and several basis by each 
of IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal 
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International 
Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited (each a 
“Guarantor”, together the “Guarantors” and 
their respective guarantee in respect of the 
Notes, 
the 
“Guarantee”); 
“unconditionally” 
means that, if the Issuer hasn’t paid the relevant 
amount due, there is no further condition to be 
fulfilled before the Guarantee can be called on, 
and “irrevocably” means that the Guarantors 
cannot revoke their Guarantee at a later date. 
The reference to “on a joint and several basis” 
means that any person owed money under the 
Guarantee may pursue the obligation against all 
the Guarantors together, or any one Guarantor 
as if that Guarantor were liable for the whole 
guaranteed 
amount. 
The 
Issuer 
and 
its 
subsidiaries (including the Guarantors) taken as 
a whole are referred to in this Prospectus as the 
“Group”. The aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
EUR 1,000,000,000. The specific terms of each 
series or tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the final terms 
issued by the Issuer (the “Final Terms”). Each 
set of Final Terms sets out the specific terms of 
the 
relevant 
issue 
of 
Notes 
under 
the 
Programme. Each set of Final Terms is intended 
to be read alongside the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, and the two together provide the 
specific terms of the Notes relevant to a specific 
issuance. 
Investors in the Notes (“Investors”) should read 
and understand fully the contents of this 
Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms 
before making any investment decisions relating 
to any Notes issued under this Prospectus. The 
UK Prospectus Regulation requires the Issuer to 
give more disclosure in respect of Notes 
denominated in an amount of less than EUR 
100,000 (unless traded only on a UK Regulated 
Market, or a specific segment thereof, to which

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
only qualified investors, as defined in the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, have access) (“Retail 
Notes”) than it does in respect of Notes 
denominated in an amount of EUR 100,000 or 
more (“Wholesale Notes”), on the basis that 
lower denomination Notes are more likely to be 
bought by less sophisticated investors who 
might benefit from additional information. There 
are therefore two different forms of Final Terms 
included in this document, one with slightly more 
disclosure items than the other, and which one 
will be used will depend on the denomination of 
the Notes as made clear in the legend appearing 
in the very first paragraph of each form of Final 
Terms. 
This Prospectus relates to: (i) the admission to 
listing and trading of Wholesale Notes (the “EU 
Notes”) on the regulated market of The Irish 
Stock Exchange plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) 
(the “Euronext Dublin Regulated Market” and 
“Euronext Dublin”, respectively) (the “EEA 
Admission”); (ii) the admission to listing and 
trading of Retail Notes (the “UK Retail Notes”) 
and Wholesale Notes (the “UK Wholesale 
Notes” and, together with the UK Retail Notes, 
the “UK Notes”) on the official list of the FCA and 
the main market of London Stock Exchange plc 
(the “LSE Main Market” and the “LSE”, 
respectively) or any other UK Regulated Market 
(the “UK Admission”); and (iii) an offer of the 
UK Retail Notes in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances where the Final Terms in relation 
to the UK Retail Notes specify that an offer of 
those UK Retail Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation (a “UK Public Offer”). 
The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is an EU 
Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The LSE Main Market is a UK Regulated Market 
for the purposes of UK MiFIR. 
Each set of Final Terms in respect of UK Notes 
will be submitted to the FCA and the LSE and/or 
the operator of any other UK Regulated Market 
and published by the Issuer in accordance with 
the 
UK 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
and 
in 
compliance with the other requirements of UK 
law, if applicable. 
Each set of Final Terms in respect of EU Notes 
will be submitted to the Central Bank of Ireland 
and Euronext Dublin and/or the operator of any 
other EU Regulated Market and published by the 
Issuer in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and in compliance with the other 
requirements of the local law of any relevant 
EEA Member State, if applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the information 
contained in this Prospectus in relation to UK 
Notes, the UK Admission and any UK Public 
Offer does not relate or apply to EU Notes or the 
EEA Admission. The information contained in 
this Prospectus in relation to EU Notes and the 
EEA Admission does not relate or apply to UK 
Notes, the UK Admission or a UK Public Offer. 
Only UK Notes may be listed on the LSE Main 
Market or any other UK Regulated Market and 
only EU Notes may be listed on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market or any other EU 
Regulated Market. 
 
The “Relevant Competent Authority” is: (i) in 
respect of the UK Admission or a UK Public 
Offer, the FCA; and (ii) in respect of the EEA 
Admission, the Central Bank of Ireland. A 
“Relevant Market” is: (i) in respect of the UK 
Admission, the LSE Main Market or any other 
UK Regulated Market; and (ii) in respect of the 
EEA Admission, the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market or any other EU Regulated Market. This 
Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date 
and may be supplemented or replaced from time 
to time to reflect any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to the information included in it. The obligation to 
prepare a supplement to this Prospectus in the 
event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Prospectus contains important information 
about IPF, the Group (as defined below) and the 
terms of the Programme. This Prospectus also 
describes the risks relevant to IPF and its 
business and risks relating to an investment in 
the Notes generally. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Important – EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 
(EU) 
2016/97 
(the 
“Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation 
(EU) 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Information on the relevant terms and conditions 
of an offer is to be provided at the time of that 
offer by an Authorised Offeror (as defined in the 
section entitled Important Legal Information), 
and cannot therefore be included in this 
Prospectus. 
Important – UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Responsibility for the information contained in 
this Prospectus 
The 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Guarantors 
accept 
responsibility for the information contained in 
this Prospectus and, in relation to each Tranche 
of Notes, for the information contained in the 
applicable Final Terms for such Tranche of 
Notes. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors, the information contained 
in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
Where information has been sourced from a 
third party, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The 
source of third party information is identified 
where used. 
 
Use of defined terms in this Prospectus 
Certain terms, words or phrases in this Prospectus 
are defined in double quotation marks, and 
references elsewhere to that term are designated 
with initial capital letters. See also the section 
“Index of Defined Terms” in this Prospectus. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or 
the context otherwise requires, references to 
“sterling”, “£” and “GBP” are to the currency of 
the United Kingdom (and references to “£m” are 
to millions of pounds sterling), references to 
“dollars”, “$” and “USD” are to the currency of 
the United States of America (and references to 
“$m” are to millions of U.S. dollars) and 
references to “€”, “EUR” and “euro” are to the 
single currency of those member states of the 
European Union (the “EU” and each member 
state of the EU being an “EU Member State”) 
participating in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union from time to time 
(and references to “€m” are to millions of euro). 
Any references in this Prospectus to any statute, 
directive, regulation or other legislation is a 
reference to such statute, directive, regulation or 
other legislation as it may be amended, re- 
enacted, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time. 
Credit Rating Agency Regulation notice 
The Issuer has been given: 
(i) a long-term issuer default rating of BB- 
(Outlook Stable) and a short-term issuer default 
rating of B by Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch”); and 
(ii) a long-term corporate family rating of (P)Ba3 
(Outlook Stable) by Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited (“Moody’s”). 
The Programme has been rated BB- by Fitch 
and (P)Ba3 by Moody’s. In general, EEA 
regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for EEA regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). 
Similarly, 
in 
general, 
UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for UK regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch and 
Moody’s is established in the UK and registered 
as a credit rating agency under the UK CRA 
Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by Fitch 
and Moody’s may be used for regulatory

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Whilst Fitch and Moody’s are 
not established in the EEA, the ratings issued by 
Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited and the ratings issued by 
Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Deutschland 
GmbH 
(each 
of 
which 
is 
established in the EEA and registered as a credit 
rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. As 
such, the ratings issued by Fitch and Moody’s 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the EEA 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme and the applicable 
rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Whether a rating in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been 
issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
“BB-” ratings from Fitch indicate an elevated 
vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the 
event of adverse changes in business or 
economic 
conditions 
over 
time; 
however, 
business or financial flexibility exists which 
supports the servicing of financial commitments. 
Obligations rated “Ba” by Moody’s are judged to 
have speculative elements and are subject to 
substantial credit risk. The modifier “3” is 
appended to a rating by Moody’s to denote 
relative status within the major rating category. 
Information incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with 
all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” section). 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme 
are not protected by the Financial Services 
Compensation Scheme 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme 
are not protected by the Financial Services 
Compensation Scheme (the “FSCS”). As a 
result, neither the FSCS nor anyone else will pay 
compensation to an Investor upon the failure of 
the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Group as a 
whole. 
No offer of Notes 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, 
or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Guarantors or the Dealers to subscribe for, or 
purchase, any Notes. 
Questions relating to this Prospectus and the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme 
See the section starting on page 7 entitled “How 
do I use this Prospectus?”. If an Investor has any 
questions 
regarding 
the 
content 
of 
this 
Prospectus, any Final Terms and/or any Notes 
or the actions they should take, they should seek 
advice from their independent financial adviser, 
tax adviser or other professional adviser before 
making any investment decision. 
Benchmarks regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, 
WIBOR, PRIBOR, ROBOR, BUBOR, STIBOR 
or TIIE, which are respectively provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), the 
Bank of England (“BoE”), GPW Benchmark SA 
(“GPW”), the Czech Financial Benchmark 
Facility (“CFBF”), the National Bank of Romania 
(“NBR”), Magyar Nemzeti Bank (“MNB”), the 
Swedish Bankers’ Association and Banco de 
México (“BDM”). As at the date of this 
Prospectus, the EMMI, GPW and the CFBF 
appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks (the “EU Benchmarks Register”) 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”), 
but not the register of administrators and 
benchmarks (the “UK Benchmarks Register”) 
established and maintained by the FCA pursuant 
to the retained EU law version of Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK Benchmarks Regulation”). The BoE, the 
NBR, MNB, the Swedish Bankers’ Association 
and BDM do not appear on the EU Benchmarks 
Register or the UK Benchmarks Register, as 
benchmarks set by central banks and certain 
public 
authorities 
are 
subject 
to 
certain 
exemptions pursuant to Article 2 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and Article 2 of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply such that 
none of the EMMI, the CFBF or GPW are 
currently required to obtain 
authorisation/ 
registration (or, if located outside the UK, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence) under 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation. The registration 
status of any administrator under one or both of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
record and, save where required by applicable 
law, the Issuer does not intend to update the 
applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in 
the registration status of an administrator. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling 
or 
recommending 
the 
Notes 
(a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target 
market 
assessment; 
however, 
a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 
2017/593 
(the 
“MiFID 
Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product 
governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling 
or 
recommending 
the 
Notes 
(a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject 
to 
the 
FCA 
Handbook 
Product 
Intervention 
and 
Product 
Governance 
Sourcebook 
(the 
“UK 
MiFIR 
Product 
Governance 
Rules”) 
is 
responsible 
for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
United States – Securities Act registration 
The Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act product 
classification 
Notification under Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act, 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time – Unless 
otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under 
the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and 
Futures 
(Capital 
Markets 
Products) 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04- 
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and 
MAS 
Notice 
FAA-N16: 
Notice 
on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
HOW DO I USE THIS PROSPECTUS? 
An Investor should read and understand fully the contents of this Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms before making any investment decisions relating to any Notes. This Prospectus contains 
important information about the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Group, the terms of the Notes and the 
terms of the Guarantee; as well as describing certain risks relevant to the Issuer, the Guarantors, 
the Group and their businesses and also other risks relating to an investment in the Notes generally. 
An overview of the various sections comprising this Prospectus is set out below: 
The “RISK FACTORS” section describes the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the 
Issuer’s and/or Guarantors’ respective abilities to fulfil their obligations under the Notes and/or the 
Guarantee, as the case may be. Risk factors are presented in categories and in each category the 
most material risks are mentioned first. 
The “INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME” section provides an overview of the Programme 
in order to assist the reader. This is a good place to start for the most basic information about how 
the Programme works and how Notes are issued. 
The “BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC” section 
describes certain information relating to the Issuer and its group structure, as well as the business 
that the Group conducts. 
The “SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC” 
section provides an overview of the financial position of IPF and the Group. 
The “BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS” section briefly sets out information 
relating to the Guarantors under the Programme. 
The “REGULATORY INFORMATION” section contains information on the regulatory framework 
within which the Group currently operates, together with details of any regulatory investigations and 
proceedings and/or litigation in connection with the Group’s business. 
The “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” section contains a description of the 
information that is deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (rather than being 
set out in the body of this Prospectus). 
The “SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS” section summarises the situations in which IPF may 
have to publish a supplement to this Prospectus in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and/or the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE” section contains a description of the material provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement, which includes the selling restrictions applicable to any Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
The “TAXATION” section provides a brief outline of certain United Kingdom taxation implications 
regarding any Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The “IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION” section contains some important legal information 
regarding the basis on which this Prospectus may be used, forward-looking statements and other 
important matters. 
The “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES” section sets out the terms and conditions which 
apply to any Notes that may be issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms relating to 
any offer of Notes will complete the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
The “SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM” 
section briefly sets out certain information relating to the clearing systems and settlement of 
securities in CREST and is a summary of certain parts of those provisions of the Global Notes which 
apply to the Notes while they are held in global form by the clearing systems, some of which include 
minor and/or technical modifications to the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out in this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
The “FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK RETAIL NOTES” section sets out the form of Final Terms 
that the Issuer will publish if it offers any UK Retail Notes under the Programme. Any such completed 
Final Terms will detail the relevant information applicable to each respective offer, adjusted to be 
relevant only to the specific UK Retail Notes being offered. 
The “FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK WHOLESALE NOTES AND EU NOTES” section sets out 
the form of Final Terms that the Issuer will publish if it offers any UK Wholesale Notes or any EU 
Notes under the Programme. Any such completed Final Terms will detail the relevant information 
applicable to each respective offer, adjusted to be relevant only to the specific UK Wholesale Notes 
or EU Notes (as applicable) being offered. 
The “GENERAL INFORMATION” section sets out further information on the Issuer, the Guarantors 
and the Programme which the Issuer is required to include under applicable rules. These include 
the availability of certain relevant documents for inspection, confirmations from the Issuer and details 
relating to applications for listing to the FCA and to Euronext Dublin, and the applications for 
admission to trading on the LSE Main Market and the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
The “INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS” section provides an explanation of technical terms used in this 
Prospectus. 
A “TABLE OF CONTENTS” section, with corresponding page references, is set out on the following 
page.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................ 2 
HOW DO I USE THIS PROSPECTUS? ....................................................................................................... 7 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................ 10 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 20 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC ...................................... 42 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC ................. 72 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS ............................................................................... 76 
REGULATORY INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 78 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................. 82 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS .......................................................................................................... 86 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................... 87 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................. 97 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................ 99 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................... 107 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............................. 140 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK RETAIL NOTES ............................................................................... 148 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK WHOLESALE NOTES AND EU NOTES ........................................ 159 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................... 169 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .................................................................................................................. 173

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME 
 
Refer to 
What is the 
Programme? 
The Programme is a debt issuance programme under 
which International Personal Finance plc (“IPF” or the 
“Issuer”) as the issuer may, from time to time, issue debt 
instruments which are referred to in this Prospectus as 
the Notes. Notes are also commonly referred to as 
bonds. The payment of all amounts owing in respect of 
Notes issued by IPF will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis by 
each of IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal 
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International Limited 
and IPF Digital Group Limited under their respective 
guarantees in respect of such Notes (the “Guarantee”) 
(in such capacity, each of IPF Holdings Limited, 
International Personal Finance Investments Limited, IPF 
International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited is 
referred to as a “Guarantor”, and together they are 
referred to as the “Guarantors”); “unconditionally” 
means that, if the Issuer hasn’t paid the relevant amount 
due, there is no further condition to be fulfilled before the 
guarantee can be called on, and “irrevocably” means that 
the Guarantors cannot revoke their guarantee at a later 
date. The reference to “on a joint and several basis” 
means that any person owed money under the 
Guarantee may pursue the obligation against all the 
Guarantors together, or any one Guarantor as if that 
Guarantor were liable for the whole guaranteed amount. 
The Programme is constituted by a set of master 
documents containing standard terms and conditions 
and other contractual provisions that can be used by 
IPF to undertake any number of issues of Notes from 
time to time in the future, subject to a maximum limit, 
at any time, of EUR 1,000,000,000. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes are set out later in this 
Prospectus. 
The Programme was established on 19 April 2010. 
Terms and 
Conditions of 
the Notes 
beginning on 
page 107 
How are Notes 
issued under the 
Programme? 
Whenever the Issuer decides to issue Notes, it 
undertakes what is commonly referred to as a 
“drawdown”. On a drawdown, documents which are 
supplementary to the Programme master documents 
are produced, indicating which provisions in the 
master documents are relevant to that particular 
drawdown and setting out the terms of the Notes to 
be issued under the drawdown. The key additional 
documents which Investors will need to be aware of 
when deciding whether to invest in Notes issued as 
part of a drawdown over the 12 month period from the 
date of this Prospectus are: (a) any supplement to this 
Prospectus and (b) the applicable Final Terms for 
such Notes. 
Terms and 
Conditions of 
the Notes 
beginning 
on page 107, 
Supplementary 
Prospectus on 
page 86 and 
the Form of 
Final Terms 
beginning on 
pages 148 and 
159

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
In the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose 
inclusion or removal from this Prospectus is required 
in order to ensure that this Prospectus contains the 
necessary information which is material to an Investor 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and 
prospects of the Issuer, the Group and any Guarantor, 
and the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons 
for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the 
Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to this 
Prospectus or prepare and publish a new Prospectus, 
in each case, for use in connection with such Notes. 
Each set of Final Terms sets out the specific terms of 
each issue of Notes under the Programme. Each set 
of Final Terms is intended to be read alongside the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and the two 
together provide the specific terms of the Notes 
relevant to a specific drawdown. 
Each set of Final Terms in respect of EU Notes will be 
submitted to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext 
Dublin and/or the operator of any other EU Regulated 
Market and published by the Issuer in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation and in compliance 
with the other requirements of the local law of the 
relevant EEA Member State, if applicable. 
Each set of Final Terms in respect of UK Notes will be 
submitted to the FCA and the LSE and/or the operator 
of any other UK Regulated Market and published by 
the Issuer in accordance with the UK Prospectus 
Regulation and in compliance with the other 
requirements of UK law, if applicable. 
What types of 
Notes may be 
issued under the 
Programme? 
The following types of Notes, or a combination of them, 
may be issued under the Programme: Fixed Rate 
Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes are Notes where the interest rate 
payable by the Issuer on the Notes is fixed, for the life 
of the Notes, as a set percentage at the time of issue. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes are Notes where the interest rate is 
calculated by reference to a fluctuating benchmark rate. 
Under the Programme, that benchmark rate will be one 
of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the 
Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate (WIBOR), the Prague 
Interbank Offered Rate (PRIBOR), the Romanian 
Interbank Offered Rate (ROBOR), the Budapest 
Interbank Offered Rate (BUBOR), the Interés 
Interbancaria de Equilibrio (TIIE) or the Stockholm 
Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR) (each a “Term 
Rate”) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA). The appropriate benchmark rate is likely to 
be dictated by, among other things, the currency in 
which the Notes are denominated. So, for a Floating 
Rate Note 
Terms and 
Conditions of 
the Notes 
beginning on 
page 107 and 
the Form of 
Final Terms 
beginning on 
pages 148 and 
159

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
denominated in Polish Zloty, the benchmark rate chosen 
by the Issuer might be WIBOR (though the Issuer would 
be free to choose one of the other rates listed above if 
for any reason it felt it was more appropriate to a 
particular issuance of Notes). 
Term Rate Floating Rate Notes 
The floating interest rate for Floating Rate Notes that 
reference a Term Rate is calculated on or about the start 
of each new interest period and applies for the length of 
that interest period. Therefore, such Floating Rate Notes 
in effect have a succession of fixed interest rates which 
are recalculated on or about the start of each new 
interest period. 
SONIA Floating Rate Notes 
SONIA is an overnight interest rate, whilst the interest 
periods for Floating Rate Notes (including those that 
reference SONIA) will typically be longer (by way of 
example only, three or six months). Therefore, for 
Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA, the daily 
SONIA rate must be aggregated to determine the 
interest payable in respect of each interest period. This 
is achieved by compounding the daily SONIA rates 
over a period of time equivalent to the length of the 
relevant interest period. The relevant daily SONIA 
rates used in this calculation are the daily SONIA rates 
for a period that lags behind the relevant interest 
period by a set number of days that will be specified in 
the Final Terms. This mechanism means that 
Investors and IPF will not know the relevant floating 
rate at the start of each interest period, but only after 
the end of the relevant observation period. 
Although the floating interest rates applicable to the 
Floating Rate Notes will be based on benchmark 
rates, Floating Rate Notes will typically also include a 
fixed percentage margin which is added to (or 
subtracted from) the benchmark rate. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes are Notes which do not carry any 
interest but are generally issued at a deep discount to 
their nominal amount. Zero Coupon Notes are repaid 
at their full amount. Therefore, if Investors purchase 
Zero Coupon Notes on their issue date and hold them 
to maturity, their return will be the difference between 
the issue price and the nominal amount of the Zero 
Coupon Notes paid on maturity. Alternatively, they 
might realise a return on Zero Coupon Notes through 
a sale prior to their maturity. 
The specific details of each issue of Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Why are there two 
forms of Final 
Terms and which 
one should I be 
looking at? 
The UK Prospectus Regulation requires the Issuer to 
give more disclosure in respect of UK Retail Notes than 
it does in respect of UK Wholesale Notes, on the basis 
that lower denomination Notes are more likely to be 
bought by less sophisticated Investors who might benefit 
from additional information. There are therefore two 
different forms of Final Terms included in this document, 
one with slightly more disclosure items than the other, 
and which one will be used will depend on the 
denomination of the Notes as made clear in the legend 
appearing in the very first paragraph of each form of 
Final Terms. 
Form of 
Final Terms 
beginning 
on pages 
148 and 159 
What is the 
relationship 
between the 
Issuer and the 
Group? 
All references to the Group are to IPF, its subsidiaries 
(which include the Guarantors) and its subsidiary 
undertakings taken as a whole. IPF is the ultimate 
holding company of the Group. IPF’s financial 
condition depends upon the receipt of funds provided 
by other members of the Group. 
N/A 
Why has the 
Programme been 
established? What 
will the proceeds 
be used for? 
The Group established the Programme in order to 
diversify their sources of funding and the debt maturity 
profile of the Group. The net proceeds from each issue of 
Notes will be applied by the Group for its general 
corporate purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue 
of Notes under the Programme there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
N/A 
Have any Notes 
been issued under 
the Programme to 
date? 
A number of series of Notes have been issued under 
the Programme since its establishment. As of the 
date of this Prospectus, four issuances are 
outstanding under the Programme. 
N/A 
How will the price 
of the Notes be 
determined? 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. The price 
and amount of Notes to be issued from time to time 
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer or Dealers at the time of 
“pricing” of the Notes in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. The issue price for each tranche will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of 
Final Terms 
beginning 
on pages 
148 and 159 
What is the yield 
on Fixed Rate 
Notes and Zero 
Coupon Notes? 
The yield in respect of each issue of Fixed Rate Notes 
and Zero Coupon Notes will be calculated on the basis 
of the Issue Price and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Yield is not an indication of future price. 
Investors can find a sample calculation of yield set out 
on page 171. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Floating Rate Notes 
will not include any indication of yield. 
General 
Information, 
paragraph 
(13) 
beginning 
on page 171

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
How are the Notes 
redeemed? What 
is a call option 
and a put option 
and what will you 
get paid upon the 
exercise of these 
options? 
Upon maturity, the Notes will pay a fixed redemption 
amount. In addition, the Notes may provide for early 
redemption at the option of the Issuer (a call option) 
or at the option of the Investor (a put option). 
Call Options 
A call option gives the Issuer the right to redeem the 
Notes before the final maturity date at a predetermined 
price (or a price determined in part by reference to 
another bond referred to as a “make-whole”) on one or 
more specified dates, which will be set out in the Final 
Terms. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Investor 
will be paid a pre-specified redemption value plus any 
accrued and unpaid interest or the “make-whole” 
amount calculated in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Put Option 
A put option gives the Investor the right to require the 
Issuer to redeem such Investor’s Notes before the final 
maturity date at a predetermined price on one or more 
specified dates, which will be set out in the Final 
Terms. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Investor 
will be paid a pre-specified redemption value plus any 
accrued and unpaid interest. 
Bullet Redemption 
Unless Notes are terminated early, are purchased and 
cancelled, or are adjusted in accordance with their 
Terms and Conditions, the Investor will receive, on the 
maturity date for each Note that such Investor holds, 
an amount equal to (x) the nominal amount, multiplied 
by (y) the amount per calculation amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Both the calculation amount 
and the amount per calculation amount are set out in 
the Final Terms, and are used to determine what 
proportion of the nominal amount will be payable by 
the Issuer on the maturity date. 
Will the Notes 
issued under the 
Programme be 
secured? 
The Issuer’s obligations to pay interest and principal 
on the Notes issued under the Programme will not be 
secured either by any of the Issuer’s or any other 
member of the Group’s assets, revenues or otherwise. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes do, however, 
contain a “negative pledge”, which gives the 
Noteholders some protection from the Issuer or 
Guarantors creating security in favour of other 
creditors holding securities similar to the Notes. 
Terms and 
Conditions of 
the Notes 
beginning on 
page 107 
Will the Notes 
issued under the 
Programme be 
guaranteed? 
The payment of all amounts owing in respect of Notes 
issued by IPF will, for so long as IPF has any 
outstanding financial indebtedness, be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantors on a 
joint and several basis. 
N/A

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Will the Notes 
issued under the 
Programme have 
a credit rating? 
A Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated by a credit rating agency or unrated. Such ratings 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to the Issuer or to any other Series of Notes. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Programme is currently rated, and further 
information can be found at the start of this Prospectus. 
Important 
Notices – Credit 
Rating Agency 
Regulation 
Notice beginning 
on page 4 
Will the Notes 
issued under the 
Programme have 
voting rights? 
Holders of Notes issued under the Programme have 
certain rights to vote at meetings of Noteholders of the 
relevant Series, but are not entitled to vote at any 
meeting of shareholders of the Issuer or of any other 
member of the Group. 
Terms and 
Conditions of 
the Notes – 
Condition 11 
(Meetings of 
Noteholders, 
Modification, 
Waiver and 
Substitution) 
beginning on 
page 136 
Will I be able to 
trade the Notes 
issued under the 
Programme? 
Applications have been made: 
(i) in respect of the EEA Admission: 
(a) to the Central Bank of Ireland, in its capacity 
as a competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, for EU Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Prospectus 
to be admitted to the official list of Euronext 
Dublin; and 
(b) to Euronext Dublin for such EU Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market, although particular Series 
of EU Notes may be admitted to trading on 
other EU Regulated Markets; and 
(ii) in respect of the UK Admission: 
(a) to the FCA, in its capacity as competent 
authority 
under 
the 
UK 
Prospectus 
Regulation, for UK Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Prospectus to be 
admitted to the official list of the FCA; and 
(b) to the LSE for such UK Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the LSE Main Market, although 
particular Series of UK Notes may be 
admitted to trading on other UK Regulated 
Markets. 
Once listed, Notes may be purchased or sold through 
a broker. The market price of Notes may be higher or 
lower than their issue price depending on, among 
other things, the level of supply and demand for such 
Notes, movements in interest rates and the financial 
performance of the Issuer and the Group. (See “Risk 
Factors – Risks related to the market generally – The 
secondary market generally”). 
General 
Information – 
paragraph (1) 
on page 169

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
What will 
Noteholders receive 
in a winding up of 
the Issuer and the 
Group? 
If the Issuer or a Guarantor becomes insolvent and is 
unable to pay its debts, an administrator or liquidator 
would be expected to make distributions to its creditors 
in accordance with a statutory order of priority. An 
Investor’s claim as a Noteholder would be expected to 
rank after the claims of any holders of the Issuer or 
Guarantor’s secured debt or other creditors that are 
given preferential treatment by applicable laws of 
mandatory application relating to creditors, but ahead 
of the Issuer’s, or Guarantor’s, shareholders, as 
applicable. 
A simplified diagram illustrating the expected ranking 
of the Notes compared to other creditors of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors, as the case may be, is set out 
below. 
Type of 
Examples of 
obligation 
obligations 
 
Highest 
Proceeds of fixed 
Currently none 
ranking 
charge assets 
 
Expenses of 
Currently none 
liquidation/ 
administration 
 
Preferential 
Including certain 
creditors 
remuneration 
due to employees 
 
Proceeds of floating 
Currently none 
charge assets 
Unsecured obligations, Including any Notes 
including guarantees 
 of the Issuer to be 
in respect of them 
issued under the 
Programme and the 
Guarantee of the 
Guarantors. Also 
includes unsecured 
obligations (including 
guarantee obligations) 
in respect of various 
Group banking 
facilities and other 
financings 
Lowest 
Shareholders 
Ordinary 
ranking 
shareholders 
 
However, as well as being aware of the ranking of the 
Notes issued under the Programme compared to the 
other categories of creditor and the shareholders of 
the Issuer, Investors should note that the Issuer holds 
a substantial majority of its assets indirectly through 
its subsidiaries (see “Business Description of 
International Personal Finance Plc – Organisational 
structure” on page 43 for details of the Issuer’s 
principal subsidiaries). 
N/A

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
heading 1 
The Issuer’s right (and, where relevant, a Guarantor’s 
right) to participate in a distribution of its subsidiaries’ 
assets upon their liquidation, re-organisation or 
insolvency is generally subject to any claims made 
against the subsidiaries, including secured creditors 
such as any lending bank and trade creditors. The 
obligations of the Issuer under any Notes issued by it 
and of any Guarantor are therefore structurally 
subordinated to any liabilities of that entity’s 
subsidiaries. Structural subordination in this context 
means that, in the event of a winding up or insolvency 
of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, any creditors of that 
subsidiary would have preferential claims to the assets 
of that subsidiary ahead of any creditors of the Issuer 
(i.e. including Investors). 
A simplified diagram 
illustrating the structural 
subordination of the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes to any liabilities of the Issuer’s subsidiaries 
referred to above is set out below. By way of example, 
reference is made to an indirect subsidiary of the 
Issuer (and a Guarantor under the Programme), 
International Personal Finance Investments Limited 
(“IPFIL”), but Investors should note that this diagram 
applies equally to all Guarantors’ obligations: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Type of obligation 
Examples of 
obligations 
Highest 
ranking  
Proceeds of fixed charge 
assets 
Currently none  
Expenses of 
liquidation/administration 
Currently none  
Preferential creditors 
Including certain 
remuneration due 
to IPFIL’s 
employees 
Proceeds of floating charge 
assets 
Currently none  
Unsecured obligations, 
including guarantees in 
respect of them 
E.g. trade 
creditors and 
unsecured 
obligations 
(including 
obligations as 
borrower or 
guarantor) in 
respect of various 
Group banking 
facilities and other 
financings. Also 
includes the 
Guarantee of the 
obligations under 
the Notes for so 
long as IPFIL is a 
Guarantor.  
Lowest 
ranking  
Shareholders 
IPFIL’s sole 
shareholder, IPF 
Holdings Limited, 
which is a direct 
subsidiary of IPF.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Investors should also be aware of the Finance Act 
2020, which has given priority, as a preferential 
creditor, to HMRC in respect of certain taxes due from 
companies incorporated in the United Kingdom upon 
a winding-up. This may affect the amounts available 
for distribution to the Issuer’s or the Guarantors’ 
unsecured creditors (such as Investors in the Notes) 
were the Issuer, any Guarantor or any other Group 
subsidiary to be wound-up in the United Kingdom. 
Who will represent 
the interests of the 
Noteholders? 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the 
“Trustee”) is appointed to act on behalf of the 
Noteholders as an intermediary between Noteholders 
and the Issuer and the Guarantors (if applicable) 
throughout the life of any Notes issued under the 
Programme. The main obligations of the Issuer and 
the Guarantors (if applicable) (such as the obligation to 
pay amounts due under, and observe the various 
covenants in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
are owed to the Trustee. These obligations are, in the 
normal course, enforceable by the Trustee only, not 
the Noteholders themselves. Although the entity 
selected to act as Trustee is chosen and appointed by 
the Issuer, the Trustee’s role is to protect the interests 
of the Noteholders as a class. 
N/A 
Can the Terms 
and Conditions of 
the Notes be 
amended? 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that 
the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders 
or Couponholders, agree to: (a) waive, modify or 
authorise any breach or proposed breach of any 
provisions of the Trust Deed dated on or around 
24 August 2023 and made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and the Trustee (the “Trust Deed”) if, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, such modification is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
(b) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error; (c) the substitution of another company 
as principal debtor under the Notes in place of the 
Issuer, in certain circumstances, and subject to the 
satisfaction of certain conditions; and (d) the release of 
a Guarantor in certain circumstances. Noteholders may 
also sanction a modification of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes by passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed). 
Terms and 
Conditions of 
the Notes – 
Condition 11 
(Meetings of 
Noteholders, 
Modification, 
Waiver and 
Substitution) 
beginning on 
page 136 
How do I check 
whether the 
person offering 
me the Notes has 
been given the 
Issuer’s consent 
to do so? 
If an Investor is unclear on whether or not the person 
offering him the Notes has the Issuer’s consent to do so 
(and therefore whether the Investor can rely on this 
Prospectus), the Investor should as a starting point check 
the Final Terms for the relevant Notes and see whether 
the Issuer has given either “Specific Consent” or 
“General Consent”. If “Specific Consent” has been 
given, then the people who are authorised are the ones 
named in the Final Terms and/or on the Issuer’s website 
as being authorised. No-one else is authorised to offer 
the Notes. If “General Consent” has been given, then 
the Investor should look on the website of the person 
offering them the Notes for what is called an 
“Acceptance Statement” confirming that that person 
has complied with the conditions attached to the consent. 
If no such Acceptance Statement appears, then the 
Form of Final 
Terms 
beginning on 
pages 148 and 
159

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
person is not authorised to offer the Investor the Notes. 
This is a good first step to checking that the person 
offering an Investor the Notes has been authorised to do 
so and the Investor can rely on the Prospectus, but 
unfortunately it is not conclusive – the person doing the 
offering still has to comply with various conditions (for 
example, they can only offer in specified jurisdictions, and 
within specified time limits). Details of these conditions 
are provided in the section “Important Legal Information”. 
Therefore, if an Investor is in any doubt as to whether or 
not a person who offers him the Notes is authorised to do 
so, the Investor should seek independent legal advice. 
Important 
Legal 
Information on 
page 99 
What if I have 
further queries? 
If Investors are unclear in relation to any matter, or 
uncertain if the Notes issued under the Programme 
are a suitable investment, they should seek 
professional advice from their broker, solicitor, 
accountant or other independent financial adviser 
before deciding whether to invest. 
N/A

--- Page 20 ---
20 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantors believe may be material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the factors described below represent the material risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer and the Guarantors may 
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other 
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective Investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S AND THE GUARANTORS’ ABILITY TO FULFIL 
THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Economic and political risks 
The Group is exposed to the risk of political or economic instability in the markets in which it 
operates. 
The Group is headquartered in the UK and has operations in Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary, 
Romania, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia (all of which are EU Member States), Mexico and Australia. The 
Group previously operated in Spain and Finland and no longer offers new credit products in these 
markets, however during 2023 it will continue to collect repayments of previously advanced credit. A 
number of these countries are developing markets which continue to undergo economic, political and 
social development and change, which from time to time can be unpredictable.  
The Group’s operations are, and will continue to be, exposed to risks common to regions undergoing 
such political, economic and social change, including economic recession, currency fluctuations, 
an evolving regulatory environment (in particular, in relation to the provision of consumer credit), 
inflation, tax regime changes, local market disruption and labour unrest and the possibility of exchange 
control restrictions. Restrictions on the ability of the Group to freely move capital and dividends from 
subsidiaries to the holding companies in the United Kingdom may prevent the Group from meeting its 
financial obligations.  
The prevailing political, economic and social conditions in a territory (including, in the case of territories 
within the EU, conditions across the EU as a whole) may significantly affect the general demand for 
loans and other credit services in that territory, the creditworthiness of the Group’s customers and the 
regulatory and taxation regime in which the Group operates.  
Global tensions, particularly between Russia, on the one hand, and the US and a number of European 
states, on the other, have significantly increased as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the 
ongoing war between the two countries. While the Group does not have operations in either Russia 
or Ukraine, it does operate in countries which border Ukraine and Russia and the broader geopolitical 
and economic consequences of the invasion and the ongoing war are difficult to predict.  
The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine could lead to further disruption, instability and 
volatility in global markets and industries. The U.S. government and governments in other 
jurisdictions have imposed severe economic sanctions and export controls against Russia and 
Russian interests and have removed Russia from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial 
Telecommunications (SWIFT), the electronic banking network that connects banks globally. Many 
western companies have also announced the cessation of their Russian businesses and/or their 
unwillingness to retain interests in Russian assets or to continue dealings with Russian or related 
counterparties, even where such action is not required by current sanctions regimes. The scope 
and scale of such economic sanctions and voluntary actions by companies remain subject to rapid 
and unpredictable change and may have considerable negative impacts on global macroeconomic 
conditions and on European economies and counterparties. Moreover, existing concerns about 
market volatility, rising commodity prices, disruptions to supply chains, high rates of inflation and 
the risk of regional or global recessions or "stagflation" (i.e., recession or reduced rates of economic 
growth coupled with high rates of inflation) have been exacerbated by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. 
Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on the economies in which the Group 
operates (particularly Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Romania, Hungary, the Czech Republic and

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Poland), the Group’s customers and the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. At present, it is difficult to ascertain how long the conflict between Russia and the 
Ukraine may last, or how severe its impacts may become. If the conflict is prolonged, escalates or 
expands (including if additional countries become involved), or if additional economic sanctions or 
other measures are imposed, or if volatility in commodity prices or disruptions to supply chains 
worsen, regional and global macroeconomic conditions and financial markets could be impacted 
more severely, which in turn could have a more severe effect on the economies in which the Group 
operates (particularly Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Romania, Hungary, the Czech Republic and 
Poland). 
The performance of the Mexican business is influenced by political and economic conditions in Mexico. 
External political factors, such as policies adopted and pursued by the U.S. administration and internal 
political factors may negatively impact the Group’s future trading performance in Mexico. 
The Group has significant exposure to economic conditions in a number of EU countries. The exit of 
one or more countries from the Euro-zone or the EU may impact consumer spending patterns. This 
may have an adverse effect on the revenue, profits, business, financial condition or results of the 
Group, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. 
The Group is exposed to funding and liquidity risk, credit rating risk, credit quality risk, 
counterparty risk, exchange rate fluctuation risk and interest rate fluctuation risk. 
Funding and liquidity risk: Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group does not have sufficient financial 
liquid resources to meet its obligations when they fall due, or can only do so at excessive cost. The 
ability of the Group to access debt funding sources on acceptable economic terms over the longer 
term is dependent on a variety of factors, such as general market conditions and confidence in the 
global banking system, which are outside the Group’s control. This may impact the ability of the 
Group to access new debt funding or secure funding on terms favourable to the Group. The 
instances of failure of Silicon Valley Bank and the financial difficulties of Credit Suisse in the first 
half of 2023 may point to broader issues in the banking system which could have a “contagion 
effect” in the financial markets and cause serious disruption of the financial services. A systemic 
problem, if identified, may also affect other financial institutions and may significantly impact and 
have a material adverse effect on the Group and its business. The effect of any such continued 
banking crisis on the Group or on its customers is uncertain. 
The Group relies, in part, upon the effective management of its banking and other borrowing 
relationships and upon securing loan commitments from a number of lenders, often within the 
jurisdictions where it has operations. Total debt facilities as at 30 June 2023 amounted to £609.4 
million of which £87 million (excluding £32 million of uncommitted loans which do not require 
extension) is due for renewal over the following 12 months. These facilities have a range of 
maturities from 2023 through to 2027. As at 30 June 2023, the Group had borrowings of £523.0 
million, with £84 million of non-operational cash and headroom against its debt facilities (comprising 
a range of bonds and bank facilities), which have a weighted average maturity of 2.1 years. The 
Group successfully extended £39 million of its debt facilities in the first half of 2023 and is exploring 
refinancing options for the Group’s November 2025 Eurobond. There is, however, a risk that all or 
some of these facilities may not be refinanced in the future.  
The capital and bank loan markets in many of the countries in which the Group currently operates 
are less developed and subject to greater volatility than developed markets. There is also a risk 
that the credit market in a jurisdiction where the Group operates may become illiquid or less liquid 
in cash, thereby limiting the Group’s access to cash in that market. This could hinder the Group’s 
ability to raise, renew and service its borrowings and affect its ability to extend credit to customers 
in that market. 
Even with sufficient debt facilities at a Group level, local currency debt funding may not be available 
in each country, or may only be available at a prohibitively high cost, and it may not be possible to 
swap funding available to the Group in other currencies into local currency. 
Failure to secure liquid funding at an appropriate cost and in the necessary currencies could 
adversely impact the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, which may 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Credit rating risk: Credit ratings are opinions on the Issuer’s creditworthiness. The Issuer’s credit 
ratings affect the cost and availability of its funding from capital markets and other funding sources. 
If the Issuer fails to maintain its current credit ratings, this could adversely affect its cost of funds and

--- Page 22 ---
22 
its access to capital and other credit markets, which may ultimately adversely affect the Issuer’s 
ability to make payments under the Notes. In addition, any downgrade of the Issuer’s credit ratings 
(or other adverse ratings action) may adversely affect the market price (if any) of the Notes. 
Credit quality risk: The Group is exposed to risks associated with the uncontrolled deterioration 
in the credit quality of its customers, which may be driven by, for example, socio-economic or 
customer-specific factors linked to economic performance. For instance, in 2020, the Group 
experienced a significant rise in impairment levels due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In addition, the continued cost-of-living crisis may continue to put pressure on customers’ ability to 
afford repayments in 2023 in several markets. As such, given that the Group’s management 
believes that the cost-of-living crisis will continue to reduce its customers’ ability to afford 
repayments through 2023 in several markets, the group has made additional provisions against 
amounts receivable from customers for the financial year ending 31 December 2022.  
If credit quality were to decline or impairment levels were to increase, this would impact the Group’s 
profitability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments 
under the Notes. 
Counterparty risk: The Group has cash balances in the accounts of banks in all of its countries of 
operation and the United Kingdom in order to ensure sufficient cash availability to fund the short- 
term operation of the business. Although the Group has policies in place to mitigate counterparty 
risk, including policies with respect to the minimum acceptable credit rating of institutions with whom 
the Group places cash, there is nevertheless a risk that a bank holding Group cash becomes 
insolvent, and the Group loses all or substantially all of the cash deposited with that bank as a result. 
If such an event were to happen, this may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments 
under the Notes. 
Exchange rate fluctuation risk: The Group is subject to risks associated with exchange rate 
fluctuations. Although the Group is based in the United Kingdom, files its consolidated financial 
reports and accounts in sterling and pays dividends to shareholders in sterling, all of its existing 
operations are based overseas and most of its profits and losses are denominated in foreign 
currency. The sterling value of foreign currency denominated profits and losses cannot be effectively 
hedged in the long term and so exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect the Group’s income 
statement account, its reserves or future cash flows. 
Additionally, the operations of the Group have net assets which are denominated in foreign 
currencies. The Group’s policy is to use local currency borrowings to the maximum possible extent 
to fund local currency assets to provide a natural hedge (either through direct borrowings or via 
currency transactions for funding raised in non-operational currencies). A hedge is a method of 
removal or mitigation of a particular risk. In this case, borrowing in a local currency to fund assets 
in the same currency mitigates against the risk of adverse movements in exchange rates between 
currencies to the Group’s sterling net asset value. Any residual exposure remains unhedged. This 
residual unhedged exposure could adversely affect the sterling value of the Group’s net assets if the 
value of sterling strengthens against the currency in which the residual unhedged exposure is 
denominated. 
A significant proportion of the Group’s borrowing is in euro and sterling and the Group swaps these 
proceeds into the Group’s operational currencies. Exchange rate fluctuations may have the effect 
of reducing or removing the overall headroom on the Group’s debt facilities. The majority of the 
Group’s current bank facilities are denominated in foreign currencies, such that local currency 
funding is in place to partly fund local currency assets. In addition, the Group has from time to time 
issued bonds denominated in local currencies under the Programme, to access local currency 
funding. There can, however, be no assurance that the Group will be successful in negating the 
potential impact of risks associated with volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Such rates or 
changes could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Group to fund its growth strategy, 
on the value of the Group’s future cash flows and/or on the results of its operations and financial 
condition, all of which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Interest rate fluctuation risk: Many central banks across the world, including in the markets in 
which the Group operates, have increased their base rates, and some have signalled that they 
intend to continue to do so. This in turn increases the funding costs for the Group. To the extent that 
interest costs are not fixed or hedged on borrowings required to fund fixed rate loans to customers

--- Page 23 ---
23 
for the duration of the repayment period for such loans, there is a risk that increases in interest rates 
will reduce the profit margin on those loans to customers. 
In order to limit its net exposure to interest rate risk, the Group enters into hedging transactions. A 
hedging transaction is a transaction where a party buys protection in respect of a particular risk by 
entering into a derivative with a counterparty in respect of that risk. For example, if a company has 
exposure to a floating rate of interest for its own funding costs, but lends at a fixed rate of interest 
to its customers, that company’s profitability is at risk if the floating rate of interest rises, because 
there is no equivalent rise in the fixed rate at which it has lent funds to customers. To mitigate this 
risk, the company may enter into a hedging transaction with a counterparty where the company 
agrees to swap the cashflows on its floating interest rate debt with a counterparty for the cashflows 
on a fixed interest rate in respect of a similar amount to that of its borrowings. The utility of the 
protection the relevant company buys by doing this will depend on the counterparty’s ability to make 
payments under the hedging contract when the floating rate of interest goes up. If the Group 
engages in hedging transactions, it will be exposed to the risk of default by its hedging 
counterparties. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to successfully manage the potential negative 
impact of risks associated with rapid interest rate changes. Such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position if, as a result of 
the Group’s borrowings not being fixed or hedged, the costs of such borrowings rise whilst the fixed 
rates of interest on loans to customers which have been funded by such borrowings remains the 
same. This may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes 
whether or not any particular Tranche of Notes pays interest on a fixed or floating rate basis. 
The Group’s businesses, earnings and financial condition could be affected by any future crisis 
in global financial markets and/or deterioration in the global economic outlook. 
The performance of the Group is influenced by the economic conditions of the countries in which it 
operates around the world. Further, some of the countries in which the Group currently operates are 
emerging economies and so are likely to be subject to greater volatility in economic, political and 
financial market conditions. The precise nature of all the risks and uncertainties the Group faces, 
and may face, as a result of any future global financial crisis or deterioration in the global economic 
outlook cannot be predicted and many of these risks are outside the Group’s control. 
A deterioration in economic conditions globally and in the markets in which the Group operates, 
including, but not limited to, business and consumer confidence, unemployment, household 
disposable income and the cost of living, the state of the housing market, inflation, foreign exchange 
markets, counterparty risk, the availability and cost of credit, and the liquidity of global financial 
markets or market interest rates, may reduce the level of demand for the products and services of 
the Group, adversely affect the earnings the Group can achieve on its products and lead to reduced 
volumes of customer lending, reduced revenue and increased levels of impairment charge. 
The global economy continues to experience a period of high inflation, largely driven by increases in 
the cost of consumer goods and significant increases in food and energy costs. A global economic 
downturn fuelled by fluctuating inflation (and efforts to reduce inflation by central banks increasing 
base rates) could significantly and adversely affect the Group’s operations, including (but not limited 
to) by affecting the ability of consumers to service their debts and increasing the Group’s cost of 
borrowing. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, coupled with the measures implemented by 
relevant government authorities to contain such outbreak, such as the closure of public services, 
restrictions on travel, border controls and other measures to discourage or prohibit the movement of 
people, continue to have an adverse impact on global financial markets and on the level of economic 
activity in the world economy. Pandemic-related disruptions of supply chains, manufacturing 
bottlenecks and general supply and demand conditions, in addition to the war in Ukraine, have 
contributed to high levels of inflation. The euro area annual inflation rate was 5.5% in June 2023, 
compared to 8.6% in June 2022. European Union annual inflation was 6.4% in June 2023, compared 
to 9.6% in June 2022 (according to Eurostat, released 19 July 2023, statistical bulletin: June 2023 
Annual inflation down to 5.5% in the euro area Down to 6.4% in the EU). Both energy inflation and 
food price inflation are high, and inflationary pressures may continue or even increase in the medium 
term. Since the second half of 2022, central banks have continued to tighten monetary policy, 
primarily in response to high inflation. Central banks in the UK, the U.S. and the euro area have all 
raised their policy rates, which are now at their highest levels since the financial crisis in 2008. The 
response to this rapidly developing phenomenon is difficult to predict, and there can be no certainty

--- Page 24 ---
24 
that steps taken by governments and central banks to lower the cost of living and/or to reduce 
inflation will be effective.  
There is also uncertainty about future developments in inflation rates. Premature easing in financial 
markets if there are expectations that inflation rates might be coming down, price spikes caused by 
the ongoing conflict in Ukraine or a faster Chinese economic rebound (after recent adverse economic 
developments, particularly in China’s real estate market) could furthermore necessitate an even 
tighter monetary policy than expected. There is a risk that such measures or communication about 
such measures might result in volatility in financial markets or result in further negative effects to the 
real economy, which might have a materially adverse impact on the Group’s financial performance. 
The effect of any such measures on the Group or on its customers is uncertain. 
The foregoing risks may affect the Group’s ability to obtain sufficient liquid, local currency funds to 
meet the requirements of the business (following maturity of the Group’s existing sources of 
financing), to originate sufficient volumes of customer loans at appropriate levels of impairment and 
to maintain adequate cover on its financial covenants. This in turn may materially and adversely 
impact the Group’s operating results, financial condition and prospects, which may adversely affect 
the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Climate change 
The physical and transition risks of climate change are becoming ever more apparent and have the 
potential to pose a significant threat to the global economy (including the economies in which the Group 
operates) without a coordinated and timely response from governments and other stakeholders. 
Climate change, and responses to emerging threats from local government actors, businesses and 
institutions, are under increasing scrutiny by governments, regulators and the public alike. These include 
physical risks resulting from changing climate and weather patterns and extreme weather-related events, 
as well as transition risks resulting from the process of adjustment towards a lower carbon economy. Both 
transition risk and physical risk can have significant financial consequences, which can affect financial 
institutions, for example through loan defaults, investment losses and higher insurance settlements. In the 
short to medium term, the Group’s exposure to direct effects of climate change may be limited, but climate 
change may affect the Group’s business through potential consequences for the general economic 
conditions globally and the financial position of the Group’s local government sector, which may affect the 
sector's demand for the Group’s services and potentially also the credit standing of some local 
governments.  
Governments and regulators are also introducing increasingly stringent rules and policies designed to 
achieve targeted outcomes, which could increase compliance costs for the Group and result in regulatory 
fines or other action if the Group is unable to implement adequate reforms sufficiently quickly. How the 
Group assesses and responds to these developments and challenges could increase the Group’s costs of 
business, and a failure to identify and adapt the Group’s business to meet new rules or evolving 
expectations, or any perception that the Issuers are under-performing relative to its peers or failing to meet 
their objectives under their respective sustainability strategy, could result in reputational damage and/or 
risk of legal claims. 
Legal, regulatory and tax risks 
The Group may be affected by changes in financial services regulation, or other laws or 
regulations applicable to the Group, or the interpretations or enforcement thereof. 
The Group’s operations are subject to legislation, regulations, rules, guidance, codes of conduct 
and government policies in the jurisdictions in which it conducts business and in relation to the 
products it markets and sells. For further information in relation to the regulation to which the Group 
is subject, please see the “Regulatory Information” section of this Prospectus. Regulatory authorities 
have broad jurisdiction over many aspects of the Group’s business, marketing and selling practices, 
advertising and terms of business. 
Financial services laws, regulations, rules, guidance, government decrees and ordinances, codes 
of conduct, government policies and/or the respective interpretations or enforcement thereof may 
change on a temporary or permanent basis and, although the Group monitors developments, it 
cannot predict future initiatives or changes. Such changes, or proposals to make such changes, 
whether temporary or permanent may sometimes take place without consultation or prior warning 
at any time both within, and outside of, formal legislative processes (including as a result of a 
response to emergency situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic). In many countries in which the 
Group operates, the interpretation and approach to enforcement of legal and regulatory systems is

--- Page 25 ---
25 
in a process of development, which may result in existing laws and regulations being applied, 
interpreted and enforced inconsistently. For details of possible changes to the certain consumer 
credit regulation to which the Group is subject, please see the “Regulatory Information” section of 
this Prospectus. 
Any such changes may materially and adversely affect, amongst other things, the Group’s product 
range and activities, creditworthiness assessments, the sales and pricing of its products, the Group’s 
profitability, solvency and capital requirements and costs of compliance. The total charges for the 
Group’s loans are higher than for loans provided by mainstream banks, reflecting the higher lending 
risk and (in respect of the home credit business) the high level of personal service provided by the 
Group’s customer representatives. This can attract criticism and bring calls for statutory caps on 
charges on certain products the Group offers and/or limitations on the amount the Group may lend 
to any individual customer. Recent regulatory changes that have impacted and continue to impact 
the Group include the introduction of the new total cost of credit (“TCC”) cap in Poland in 2023. The 
Group continues to be in discussions with Polish regulators regarding the introduction of the TCC. 
The Group is at risk of further, or changes to existing, caps on interest rates, the total cost of credit, 
annual percentage rate of charge (“APR”) or other types of cost caps as well as other types of lending 
restrictions (including, but not limited to, creditworthiness assessments), changes to usury or “good 
morals” laws, withdrawal of key licences or removal of entries from a relevant register (including 
those licences or registrations necessary for the Group’s offering of insurance products as on an 
intermediary, distributor and/or agency basis for a range of insurance providers), and to changes 
to laws or regulations on, or prohibition of, doorstep lending. For example, in Poland, the amended 
Polish Consumer Credit Act entered into force on 18 December 2022. The Act reduced the 
maximum non-interest fees that could be charged on a loan to 45% of the loan value, from 100% 
in 2022. The ability for consumer credit lenders in Poland to continue to charge interest (currently 
up to 20.5% per annum), in addition to non-interest charges, is unaffected by this proposal. The 
new Act also includes new affordability rules and a requirement for non-bank loan institutions to be 
supervised by the Polish financial supervision authority, the Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego. The 
Group estimates that the impact of the transition to its credit card product will reduce European 
home credit profits by between £15 million to £20 million in each of 2023 and 2024, after which the 
Group aims for its Polish business and European home credit business to return to delivering its 
target returns of approximately 20% Return on Required Equity (“RORE”).  
The Group is also at risk of more restrictive product regulation, more stringent consumer credit 
legislation, more restrictive customer protection regulation (covering, for example, advertising or 
personal insolvency), responsible lending legislation (for example, debt to income limits), fines for 
breach of current regulators’ standards, employment and health and safety legislation (for example, 
relating to the status of customer representatives), implementation of new or more stringent 
licensing or registration procedures (for example, the introduction of registration or certification 
requirements for customer representatives, the introduction of financial intermediary licensing or 
the introduction or tightening of licensing requirements for non-banking financial institutions), 
broader grounds for challenges to the Group’s commercial practices or product terms and conditions 
by customers or interest groups and any other legal or regulatory changes designed to restrict or 
with the effect of restricting the growth of credit in any given country in which the Group operates. 
The Group is at risk of challenges by customers or interest groups to the Group’s commercial 
practices (for example, in relation to the mis-selling of its core lending products or its ancillary offering 
of home, medical, and life insurance and other products on an intermediary, distributor and/or 
agency basis) or product terms and conditions. This risk may become more significant with any 
introduction of broader grounds and/or new or emerging procedures for such challenges (including 
the introduction, or expanded use of, ombudsman schemes and class action litigation, claims 
management companies or collective redress procedures). The Group’s operations in Europe and 
Mexico are exposed to a risk that courts could invoke civil law provisions in order to render void 
contracts that contain provisions that are entered into in bad faith or that are contrary to rules of 
social coexistence. Most countries also contain criminal law provisions that enable penalties to be 
imposed on those persons responsible for transactions that are deemed usurious. 
The Group may have to respond to any material changes in legislation or regulation which could 
potentially affect its business by adapting its business model or products in the relevant market. 
There can be no assurance, however, that the Group will be able to effectively respond to any such 
changes and this may affect the Group’s operations and the conduct and success of its business

--- Page 26 ---
26 
in the relevant market, all of which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under 
the Notes. 
For further information in relation to the regulation to which the Group is subject and the legislative 
proposals that may come into force in the countries in which the Group operates, see the “Regulatory 
Information” section of this Prospectus. 
The Group is, and in the future may be, subject to regulatory and legal actions or intervention in 
the ordinary course of its business. 
The Group is subject to risks of regulatory investigations, audits, controls, proceedings and/or 
litigation in connection with its business (including in relation to compliance with consumer credit 
legislation and regulation). Such regulatory investigations, audits, controls, proceedings and/or 
litigation could be initiated, amongst other reasons, in response to an actual or suspected breach 
by the Group or a Group company of laws, regulations or rules (including as a result of a regulator 
or court disagreeing with the Group’s interpretation of any law, regulation or rule). Any such actions 
could result in the loss of a licence, the removal from a register, the imposition of a fine, the retraction 
of any other authorisation to provide credit in a particular country or the imposition of onerous 
operational obligations. 
Regulatory and legal actions may be difficult to assess or quantify and may seek recovery of large 
or indeterminate amounts, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, 
such actions could result in adverse publicity for the Group or could affect its relations with 
customers, as well as divert management’s attentions from the day-to-day management of the 
Group’s business. In countries where judicial and dispute resolution systems are less developed, it 
may in some circumstances not be possible to obtain timely legal remedies. If the Group becomes 
party to legal proceedings in a market with an insufficiently developed judicial system, it may be 
difficult for the Group to make a reasonable qualification or quantification of the risks and outcomes 
associated with any proceedings, or to make, or defend against, claims. 
The Group may also be vulnerable to regulatory action by competition or consumer protection 
authorities if it is found that the markets in which it operates are not functioning competitively or 
effectively. Information on the regulatory framework within which the Group currently operates, 
together with a description of any regulatory investigations and proceedings and/or litigation in 
connection with the Group’s business, can be found in the “Regulatory Information” section of this 
Prospectus. 
The Group may be subject to changes in tax laws or regulations, or their respective 
interpretations. 
Although the Group does not have substantial operations in the United Kingdom, the Group is 
headed by a holding company incorporated and tax resident in the United Kingdom. This exposes 
the Group to the United Kingdom’s international tax regime, including its controlled foreign 
companies regime, and makes the United Kingdom tax position complex to manage. The treatment 
of such international groups under United Kingdom tax law has been, and may again be, subject to 
significant change. 
Tax legislation and interpretation in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates have been subject 
to significant change. In general, the Group sees less clarity in tax legislation in its overseas markets 
than in the United Kingdom, and some uncertainty generally arising from the fact that court decisions 
are often not binding as precedents. Coupled with this, a home credit business has a number of 
unusual features which may make it unclear as to how overseas tax authorities will tax certain 
aspects of the operations. For example, the rules which determine the extent to which tax relief for 
impairment is obtained are often very complex and in certain jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates have been, or are potentially, subject to significant change. In certain of those jurisdictions, 
relief for impairment is limited. Any further restriction in the availability of tax deductions for 
impairment could significantly increase the Group’s tax liabilities. 
Adverse changes in, or conflicting interpretations of, tax legislation and practice in the different 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates may lead to an increase in the Group’s taxation liabilities 
and effective tax rate. As with other international groups, the Group is subject to the risk of future 
changes to the taxation treatment of cross-border transactions arising as a result of the 
implementation of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s Action Plan on 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) and to follow up actions (“BEPS 2.0”), in particular Pillar 
Two which proposes to introduce a global minimum taxation regime for certain multinational groups.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
It is expected that the Group will fall within this regime in respect of financial years ended 31 December 
2024 onwards. As with other financial services institutions, the Group is also subject to the risk of 
additional taxation arising from new taxes levied on the financial sector, either at a national level or 
at an EU or other supranational level. 
As a result of state deficits arising from the pandemic, the war in Ukraine and measures taken to 
manage the cost-of-living crisis, governments may seek to levy new taxes across a range of sectors 
including financial services. In June 2022, Hungary announced a package of new temporary taxes 
intended to support the armed forces and the cap on energy, fuel and food prices, including a new 
“extra profit special tax” levied on non-banking financial institutions in respect of the profits of 2022 
and 2023 only. In June 2023, Hungary announced an extension of the “extra profit special tax” for 
2024. Taken together, these measures increased the tax payable by the Group’s Hungarian 
subsidiary by approximately £5.1 million in 2022, with an estimated further £4 million payable in 
respect of 2023 and an estimated £2 million in respect of 2024.  
In March 2022, the Mexican Tax Authority (“SAT”) commenced a full scope audit of the Group’s 
main operating company in Mexico, Provident Mexico S.A. de C.V. (“Provident Mexico”), with 
respect to its 2017 financial year. The SAT issued a report of their findings at the end of March 
2023, pursuant to which certain items remain in dispute between Provident Mexico and SAT, 
relating to the tax deductibility of certain payments and the timing of deductions for bad debts. The 
Group has instigated the alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) procedure with the PRODECON, 
the Mexican Tax Ombudsman, as a means of resolving these disputes and does not expect this 
dispute to have a material impact on its results or operations.  
In January 2023, a tax audit was opened in Poland in respect of the IPF Digital business of IPF 
Polska Sp. z.o.o; the Polish tax authority is still in the process of information gathering.  
Changes to taxation law, which includes rules governing indirect taxes, personal taxes and capital 
taxes, may also affect the attractiveness of certain products offered by the Group. This could result 
in a significant reduction in sales of those products which, in turn, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. As with other financial 
services institutions operating within the EU, changes to the VAT treatment of financial services may 
materially and adversely affect, among other things, the Group’s sales and pricing of its products 
and the Group’s profitability. Changes in the scope of VAT exempt financial services across the EU 
or within the domestic law of EU Member States may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
VAT position in terms of the VAT status of supplies to customers and of services received from 
suppliers including customer representatives. The withdrawal of the UK from the EU has not 
adversely affected the Group’s VAT position, as at the date of this Prospectus, but any divergence 
of UK and EU rules in the future may alter the impact of indirect taxes such as VAT on the Group. 
Furthermore, the EC initiated a public consultation, which closed in May 2021, to obtain the views 
of stakeholders and public authorities of the EU Member States on the current VAT rules for financial 
and insurance services and their functioning, as provided under the EU VAT Directive (Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC), as well as on possible changes to these rules. A response from the EC to 
the outcome of the public consultation is awaited. Any legislative changes with regard to the VAT 
treatment of financial services may have a material impact on the Group’s VAT position, although 
any changes to the VAT Directive would require unanimity from the EU Member States. 
Challenges to the tax treatment of arrangements amongst the companies in the Group could 
materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial and operating results. 
There are a number of significant intra-Group cross-border transactions that take place between 
various of the Group’s UK and non-UK subsidiaries, including derivative transactions, sales of debt 
and debt participations, provision of finance and guarantees and provision of services and know 
how. Intra-group transactions are priced on what is considered to be an arm’s length basis. Where 
provision is made from the United Kingdom, the pricing has been discussed in advance with HM 
Revenue and Customs (“HMRC”), and the pricing methodology in respect of intra-Group loans and 
the provision of guarantees of third party debt has been agreed with HMRC under advanced pricing 
agreements for the accounting periods through to April 2021. There has been no significant change 
in the transfer pricing methodology applied since that date. 
Were the tax treatment of any of these intra-Group cross-border transactions to change in the future 
to the Group’s detriment (for example as a result of a negative assessment by a tax authority), the 
Group may face additional taxation costs, which may in turn impact its results of operations and 
underlying financial condition. The crystallisation of material tax risks may significantly increase the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Group’s tax liabilities and reduce post-tax returns, which may limit the resources available to the 
Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Legal characterisation of the status of customer representatives. 
In Poland, the Czech Republic and Mexico, each customer representative is treated as being self- 
employed rather than being an employee or agent of the relevant member of the Group. In Hungary 
and Romania, however, business entities must perform their usual business activities through 
employees. There is a risk that the interpretation of employee or agent could be challenged or that 
changes to law or regulation could require the Group to employ the customer representatives who 
presently operate as self-employed. A challenge in any jurisdiction, if successful, could result in 
increased costs of operation for the Group, or may require the Group to reassess its home credit 
business model and/or discontinue its operations in the affected locality. It may also render the 
relevant entity within the Group liable to, amongst other things, fines, additional taxation (on an 
ongoing and backward looking basis) or non-financial penalties or require changes to be made to 
its employee and/or agent remuneration and structure. Any such taxation, penalties or changes 
may materially and adversely impact the Group’s operating results, financial condition and 
prospects, on either a one-off or ongoing basis, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to 
make payments under the Notes. 
Legal challenges to contractual terms and collective redress. 
Losses may arise or liabilities may be incurred from defective transactions or contracts, either where 
contractual obligations are not enforceable or are judged unlawful or do not allocate rights and 
obligations as intended. This may arise in a number of ways. 
The Group may incur losses if it cannot recover all or part of the debt from its customers because 
its contracts with those customers are held to be partly or wholly unenforceable. For example, local 
or national courts may find a customer contract to be in breach of anti-usury or ‘‘good morals’’ laws 
and regulation and therefore unlawful, thereby also increasing the risk that the number of claims by 
customers seeking to avoid their loan repayments and/or any accrued interest or fees will increase. 
Failure by the Group to sustain effective debt recovery methods or a loss in confidence of the Group 
to recover debt under its contracts with customers, by recourse to the courts or otherwise, could 
severely impede the Group’s business in the affected jurisdiction. In addition, collective redress 
mechanisms or class action litigation as a means of addressing mass consumer claims in several 
of the Group’s territories may pose a risk of the relevant subsidiary being party to a collective dispute 
in the event that it commences litigation, or if litigation is commenced against it. 
Any such factors may materially and adversely impact the Group’s operating results, financial 
condition and prospects, on either a one-off or ongoing basis, which may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Business risks 
Changes in the small sum credit markets in any of the Group’s markets and, in particular, an 
increase in competition in any of the Group’s markets. 
There is the risk of the level of competition continuing and intensifying from existing or new 
competitors in the small sum credit markets in which the Group operates (the home credit sector, 
the small sum credit card sector and other credit product sectors). The Group’s business model, 
which has high direct and overhead costs, may become unsustainable in the face of competition 
from other lenders who operate business models with lower costs or, through disruptive business 
models or otherwise, offer customers more contemporary and relevant channels and products. 
Competition from (principally digital) remote lenders for those customers at the higher socio- 
economic end of the home credit sector could intensify as the prime market matures and mainstream 
financial institutions seek to attract customers who are deemed to be of lower creditworthiness. 
Aspiring competitors may be prepared to offer loan products in the small sum credit sector at lower 
prices than the Group is able to offer. 
An increase in competition may reduce market share leading to increased costs of customer 
acquisition and retention, reduced customer lending, greater difficulty for the Group in recruiting 
and retaining high calibre staff, lower revenue and lower profitability, all of which may, in turn, affect 
the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
The Group may not be able to successfully implement a new product group or strategy for 
the acquisition of new customers or a new pricing or credit assessment method or analytical 
tools and data. 
The Group may seek to introduce new product groups, pricing and credit assessment analysis 
methods and uses of data in order to retain existing customers whose needs have evolved, and to 
attract new customers for whom the existing product offering or methods of acquisition are 
unattractive or ineffective and/or for whom more competitive pricing and more sophisticated 
underwriting processes are required. The new businesses and products may not be able to attain 
the forecast returns and the Group may make errors of judgement in the conception, planning and/or 
implementation of these strategies and methods which may materially and adversely affect its results 
of operations and financial condition, which may, in turn, affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments 
under the Notes. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has materially affected, and other pandemics may continue to materially 
affect, the Group’s businesses. 
The long term direct and indirect impacts of COVID-19 remain uncertain. However any resurgence 
of the COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemic or large-scale outbreak of disease, including the 
imposition of restrictive containment measures could significantly negatively impact economic 
growth and business operations and may cause further disruption to the Group, its employees, 
markets and customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Group’s business, 
financial condition or results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic, the measures imposed by 
governments in response (including temporary APR caps and debt repayment moratoria) and their 
consequent economic effects had an impact on the Group’s markets and the businesses operating 
in those markets throughout 2020 and 2021 and continued uncertainty over the future of the disease, 
or any resurgence of the disease and/or government restrictions imposed in response to it, could 
impact the Group’s recovery.  
In addition, there may also be structural changes to society and the markets in which the Group 
operates as a result of the COVID- 19 pandemic. For instance, digitalisation and unbalanced 
economic development may accelerate inequalities in societies, and a widening digital gap and 
unbalanced economic development can worsen societal fractures and economic recovery from the 
pandemic.  
Any of the foregoing may depress the ability of the Group’s customers to service or repay their credit 
products and impact the Group’s financial performance, which may, in turn, affect the Issuer’s ability 
to make payments under the Notes. 
Segmental business model strategy. 
The Group’s current business model is concentrated through a home credit business model (the 
provision of small sum unsecured loans with optional home collection service) and a digital credit 
model. The Group’s strategy includes the development of its product offerings and expansion 
through existing and new markets. In the shorter term this concentration toward the home credit 
business model increases exposure to adverse regulatory or competitive threats. 
Furthermore, the Group’s concentrated business model means that, were the consumer credit 
regulatory landscape to change to its detriment, its costs of compliance, amongst other things, may 
materially increase. This may in turn have a material impact on the ability of the Group to maintain 
its current product offering, impacting negatively on its underlying profitability and, in turn, adversely 
affecting the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. See “The Group may be affected 
by changes in financial services regulation, or other laws or regulations applicable to the Group, or 
the interpretations or enforcement thereof” for further information on the regulatory risks the Group 
faces. 
Operational risk 
Failure to attract, engage, motivate and retain sufficient depth of capability and quality of people 
at all levels of the Group’s business. 
The Group’s strategy may be impacted by not having sufficient depth and quality of people or being 
unable to retain key people and treat them in accordance with its values and ethical standards. 
Therefore the Group is dependent upon its ability to attract, engage, develop, retain and 
appropriately reward the right personnel, including management and key executives, who are able

--- Page 30 ---
30 
to collaborate to deliver the pillars of the Group’s strategy. There can be no assurances that such 
people will remain with or, as the case may be, join the Group. 
The Group needs to continue to engage customer representatives in the home credit businesses in 
order to both service existing customers and seek new business in an increasingly competitive 
environment. The success of the Group’s strategy to expand the business will depend upon the 
Group’s ability to attract, engage, develop, retain and appropriately incentivise a sufficient number of 
customer representatives on a sustained basis. 
The Group’s strategy to grow its digital business also relies upon the creation of a dynamic and 
modern culture which is attractive to people who want to build a career in the digital marketplace. 
Failure to attract, engage, develop, retain and appropriately reward the right people in the digital 
sector will negatively impact the growth of the digital business. 
The Group aims to have sufficient breadth of capabilities and depth of personnel to ensure that it 
can meet its strategic objectives. However, the loss of key personnel or of a substantial number of 
talented employees, or an inability to attract, retain and motivate the calibre of customer 
representatives, operational managers and employees required for the continuation, and the 
expansion, of the Group’s activities could cause disruption to the Group’s business and have a 
material adverse effect on its business, growth prospects, results of operations and financial 
condition; all of which may have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments under 
the Notes. 
Possible risks to customer representative and employee safety. 
The personal safety of customer representatives and employees continues to be a priority of the 
Group, and, to that end, the Group has implemented formal health and safety policies and 
procedures that are managed by designated safety managers in every market and overseen by a 
competent person at the Group’s head office. The Group has also sought and obtained independent 
safety standard accreditations. Notwithstanding such precautions taken by the Group, a small number 
of the Group’s customer representatives and employees have nevertheless sustained fatal or other 
personal injuries during the course of, or for reasons related to, their work for the Group over a 
number of years. 
The risks of personal injury or illness to the Group’s customer representatives or employees could 
affect the ability of the Group to retain and engage customer representatives to perform home 
collection services, or the ability or willingness of its managers to visit customers, could give rise to 
an increase in personal injury claims against the Group and may damage the reputation, brands 
and profitability of the Group, all of which may impact the Issuer’s ability to make payments under 
the Notes. 
There could be a change in legislation, regulations, rules, guidance, codes of conduct and 
government policies relating to the health and safety of customer representatives performing the 
home collection service, which may require the Group to review its home credit model and which 
may be adverse to the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group and may 
impact the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. 
The Group may be adversely affected by the failure to manage change. 
In order to successfully implement its strategy, the Group has established certain procedures in 
order to manage changes that may be required to the Group’s existing business and operations. 
These include system pilots, change risk management frameworks, monitoring programmes, 
prioritisation methodologies, audits, contingency and business continuity planning and regular 
progress reporting. Despite these controls, however, a new project, system, product or guide may 
fail to deliver the business benefits required to implement the Group’s business model and/or growth 
strategy. A failure in the Group’s management of any change could be for reasons such as non- 
compliance with best practice, technology failure, unexpected changes in external conditions and 
resource constraints. Failure to deliver on the Group’s change programme could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group may, from time to time, seek to expand its operations by entering into new geographic 
markets or making acquisitions of businesses operating in new or established markets. The Group 
may not be able to achieve success upon entry into a new geographic market, despite the research 
it undertakes before launching into a new market or, in the case of an acquisition of an existing 
business in a new geographic market, despite the due diligence it undertakes. The Group may not 
be able to successfully support its growth strategy in a newly entered geographic market and/or

--- Page 31 ---
31 
realise the expected accretive value of an acquired business if it cannot recruit and retain well- 
qualified staff for those businesses. The Group may not be able to take advantage of market 
opportunities due to under-performance elsewhere in the Group’s business. The Group may not be 
able to meet customer demand or requirements or it may not be able to respond to local economic 
and regulatory conditions or to competitive pressure, so that its operations in new geographic 
markets or its newly acquired businesses do not perform as expected. This, in turn, may lead to 
losses which may impact the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the 
Notes. 
If the Group consequently disposes of an acquired business, disposes of a business entity (as with 
Bulgaria in 2017) or withdraws from a market (as it did in Slovakia and as it is presently doing in 
Finland and Spain) or from a part of a market (as it did in the case of the home credit business in 
Lithuania), the Group will incur costs of disposal or withdrawal and may have lost out on the 
opportunity of having instead entered another more appropriate market or acquired a more 
appropriate business. In addition, the Group may retain certain historical liabilities associated with 
the disposed or historical business. The losses will be of greater magnitude if the Group makes 
such an error in relation to a number of markets or acquisitions and this could materially and 
adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, which may 
impact the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Moreover, if future profits do not materialise on entry into a new geographic market or the Group 
withdraws from the new geographic market, effective tax relief for start-up losses may not be 
available and may lead to an adverse impact on the Group’s overall tax charge, which may impact 
the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
The success of the Group’s business is dependent on the Group’s brands and reputation. 
The Group’s success and, in particular customer lending and repayments, are dependent, in part, 
upon the strength of the Group’s brands and the reputation of its business. The Group operates in 
the non-bank sector which attracts media interest and regulatory oversight and, as a result, providing 
credit in a responsible, transparent and ethical way that meets the Group’s customers’ expectations 
is important for a sustainable performance. 
The Group could suffer damage to its reputation and brands as a result of negative publicity in 
connection with, for example, the perception of unreasonably high charges (when compared with 
banks and online lenders) for home credit products and digital loans and/or the behaviour or product 
offering of competitors operating in the same market. Negative publicity could also result from the 
activities of politicians, legislators, consumer protection agencies and the media. Such adverse 
publicity could directly affect customer consideration for the Group’s products and their contractual 
repayments and result in increased regulation around pricing, debt to income levels and taxation with 
an adverse impact on the Group’s financial performance. In addition, a poor reputation could make 
it more difficult for the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre employees to deliver its home credit 
and digital business strategy (in respect of which, see “Failure to attract, engage, motivate and 
retain sufficient depth of capability and quality of people at all levels of the Group’s business”). 
Any deterioration in the Group’s brands and reputation may impact the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Group, which may, in turn, adversely affect the Issuer’s 
ability to make payments under the Notes. 
System and technological failures or ineffectiveness, breakdown of operating processes, 
systems or controls, failure of business continuity planning, corruption of databases and service 
disruption. 
The Group’s business depends on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and 
accurately. The Group’s ability to develop business intelligence systems, to monitor and manage 
customer repayments, to maintain financial and operating controls, to monitor and manage its risk 
exposures across the Group, to keep accurate records, to provide high-quality customer service 
and to develop and sell profitable products and services in the future depends on the success of its 
business continuity and contingency planning, the uninterrupted and efficient operation of its 
information and communications systems, including its information technology and the successful 
development and implementation of new systems. 
There is a risk that the Group encounters losses if there is a systematic breakdown of operating 
procedures, processes, systems or controls that underpin the business model. Losses can result 
from inadequate or failed internal control processes and protection systems, human error, fraud or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
external events that interrupt normal business operations. This may result in a loss of data and a 
failure to provide quality service to customers. The Group’s (as well as the Group’s third party service 
providers’) information technology, databases and other systems may be subject to damage or 
interruption from natural disasters (as in Mexico, following an earthquake in September 2017), 
floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures and similar events as well as to damage from 
the introduction to its systems of incorrect programming language by its employees and contractors. 
These systems may also be subject to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, 
vandalism, malicious cyber-attack, ransomware and similar misconduct. 
Although the Group has in place certain business continuity and contingency plans to guard against 
service disruptions, the Group’s business continuity plans may prove to be unsuccessful against 
such disruptions. 
If any of the above risks materialise, the interruption or failure of the Group’s information technology 
and other systems (or the failure of those provided by third party service providers and software 
providers) could impair the Group’s ability to provide its services effectively, causing direct financial 
loss, and may compromise the Group’s strategic initiatives. In addition, it could damage the Group’s 
reputation if customers believe its systems are unreliable which, in turn, could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s ability to collect loan repayments from customers and to attract new and retain 
existing customers. Technology failure or underperformance could also result in a higher number 
of customer and agent disputes and may increase the Group’s litigation and regulatory exposure or 
require it to incur higher administrative costs (including remediation costs). Further, a loss of any 
customer database may require an expensive and time-consuming effort to endeavour to retrieve 
or recreate the lost data which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations and 
financial situation and damage its reputation and brands. All of the foregoing may impact the cash 
resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Failure by a member of the Group to comply with privacy and data protection laws and regulation 
may lead to action being taken against that member and/or the Group. 
The Group relies on the collection and use of information from customers to conduct its business. 
It discloses its information collection and usage practices in a published privacy policy on the 
websites of its operating entities, which may be modified from time to time to meet operational needs 
or changes in the law or industry best practice. Companies within the Group may be subject to 
investigative or enforcement actions by data protection authorities, legal claims and reputational 
damage if they act, or are perceived to be acting, inconsistently with the terms of any privacy policy, 
customer expectations or applicable law. In addition, concern among customers about the Group’s 
privacy practices could deter them from using its services and require the alteration of its business 
practices with attendant costs and possible loss of revenue. 
Concerns may be expressed about whether the Group’s use of data compromises the privacy of 
customers. Concerns about the Group’s collection, use or sharing of personal information or other 
privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could damage its reputation and operating results. 
Data protection legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates (or the 
interpretation or application thereof) may change in the future and impose new burdensome 
requirements, compliance with which may increase the Group’s costs or require it to change the way 
it conducts business with attendant costs and possible loss of revenue, which may, in turn, impact 
the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
The Group may be affected by disputes with, or the failure or ceasing of adequate provision of 
services by, key third party suppliers. 
The Group engages third parties to provide certain ancillary services which are material to the 
Group’s business (for example, the provision of equipment, software and associated services in 
connection with operational management software). Disputes arising with, or failure of adequate 
provision of services by, third parties who provide ancillary services which are material to the Group’s 
business may cause disruption to the Group’s operations, result in losses, lead to incurred legal 
and court costs and also detract management’s time from the Group’s business, thereby adversely 
affecting it, its results of operations and its financial condition. 
The Group may incur losses if a counterparty, such as a key supplier or operational partner, ceases 
to operate. There is a risk of business failure of a counterparty such as an IT services outsourcer, 
which may cause significant disruption to the business or impact upon the Group’s ability to operate.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
In such circumstances, there may be an impact on the cash resources available to the Issuer to 
make payments under the Notes. 
Catastrophes, wars, pandemics and weather-related events may adversely affect the Group. 
The Group’s business relies on the ability of customer representatives to arrange loans in the home 
service markets, on customers having sufficient household income to repay those loans and on 
customer representatives visiting customers to collect payment or customers being able to make 
payments through alternative collection channels. Catastrophes, wars, pandemics and weather- 
related events including, but not limited to, invasion by foreign forces or civil war, natural disasters, 
severe storms, flooding, prolonged periods of snow or freezing weather or the emergence or re- 
emergence of viral diseases and associated public health measures and restrictions could all affect 
both the ability of customer representatives to arrange and collect loans, as well as the ability of 
customers to repay loans if their household income is significantly reduced as a result or if access 
to repayment channels is restricted. The incidence and severity of catastrophes, wars, pandemics 
and weather-related events are inherently unpredictable. Catastrophes, wars, pandemics and 
weather-related events, therefore, may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s consolidated 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which, in turn, may impact the cash 
resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Impairment of the value of intellectual property or failure to maintain database integrity could 
diminish the competitive position of the Group. 
The Group relies on intellectual property laws to protect its rights to certain aspects of its systems, 
brands, products, processes, and databases. If there is any unauthorised use or infringement of 
the Group’s intellectual property rights and the Group fails to enforce such rights, or the Group fails 
to maintain its database rights and the database’s integrity, the value of the Group’s products and 
services could be diminished, its competitive position could be adversely affected and its business 
may suffer. Third party rights in respect of the “Provident” or any of the Group’s other brand names 
may exist in some countries in which the Group does business or intends to do business in the 
future. If such third party right owners brought infringement proceedings, the Group’s right to use 
such brand names in such countries may be restricted or impaired, which may impact the 
performance of the Group’s businesses, which, in turn, may impact the cash resources available to 
the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
There are also risks inherent in using the same name as another entity, as the Group may suffer 
adverse consequences as a result of any damage to the ‘‘Provident” brand (which is used by 
Provident Financial group in the UK, which announced its withdrawal from the home credit sector), 
which may impact on the performance of the Group’s businesses, which, in turn, may impact the 
cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an Investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential Investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Higher volatility can in turn depress the market value of such securities, as price volatility is an 
unattractive feature of an investment for an Investor seeking stable returns. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”. 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rate, equity, commodity, foreign exchange rate and other types 
of rates and indices which are deemed to be ‘benchmarks’ have been the subject of regulatory 
scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are yet to apply. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or disappear entirely, or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes that are linked to such a benchmark. 
For example, following an announcement by the FCA on 5 March 2021 (the “FCA 
Announcement”) immediately after 31 December 2021, all euro, Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors, and 
all synthetic Japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar settings, either ceased 
to be provided by any administrator or became unrepresentative of the relevant underlying market, 
whereas 1- and 6- month synthetic GBP LIBOR ceased at the end of March 2023. Following the 
FCA’s statement of 3 April 2023, overnight and 12- month USD panel LIBOR ceased at the end of 
June 2023, 3- month synthetic GBP LIBOR will cease at the end of March 2024 and 1- month, 3- 
month and 6- month synthetic USD LIBOR will cease at the end of September 2024.  
On 1 December 2022, GPW Benchmark, the administrator of WIBOR, published the regulations for 
WIRON – a risk free rate – that will replace WIBOR. In preparation for the cessation of WIBOR, the 
Polish Financial Supervision Authority (the ''PFSA'') created the Polish National Working Group for 
benchmark reform (Narodowa Grupa Robocza) (the ''NGR''). The NGR has published a roadmap 
for transition to WIRON and has set out that: (i) new bonds linked to WIRON or new fixed interest 
rate bonds (including bank bonds, corporate bonds, and municipal bonds) should be issued in 2024; 
and (ii) WIBOR will cease in 2025 (although a specific date was not provided).  
The actual or potential elimination of a benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of a 
benchmark, may require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, 
in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes) 
depending on the specific provisions of the relevant terms and conditions applicable to the Notes. 
More broadly, prospective Investors should in particular be aware that any of the international or 
national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of interest rates and indices which are 
deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the application of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation), could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to the benchmark, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
benchmark, or lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of the application of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation or other international or national reforms, initiatives or investigations could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes whose rate of interest 
or principal return is linked to a benchmark (including, but not limited to, Floating Rate Notes) and 
result in the effective application pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of either (i) an alternative 
floating rate selected in accordance with specified fallback procedures, or (ii) a fixed rate based on 
the rate or rates which applied or were offered in the previous Interest Period when such benchmark 
was available. 
Notes linked to a benchmark – benchmark discontinuation. 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination – Applicable (Term Rate) (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) shall be determined by reference to the Relevant 
Screen Page (or its successor or replacement) (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or 
replacement, may be available.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, the Terms and Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation 
Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately 
revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) before the Original Reference Rate was 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of 
quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate 
is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Benchmark Events 
Benchmark Events (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) include (amongst other 
events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes). The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) to 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the 
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined 
by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms 
and Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser 
and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
The Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) is (i) the spread, 
formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (which may include a 
relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if 
no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, formula 
or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or 
(iii) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, 
formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Potential for a fixed rate return 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not 
be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the 
Independent Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
has failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, 
it will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next 
succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, is likely to result in Notes linked 
to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the 
Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
The debt capital markets have adopted “risk free rates” as reference rates for floating rate debt 
securities in place of screen rates (such as LIBOR). In the case of sterling, the market has moved 
to the use of Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) as a replacement for sterling LIBOR. 
SONIA (like other risk free rates) differs from LIBOR (and other screen rates) in a number of 
material respects (for example, daily changes in SONIA may, on occasion, be more volatile than 
daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates). In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital 
markets. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups have created alternative 
reference rates based on SONIA, including term reference rates (which measure the market’s 
forward expectation of an average rate over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly 
from that set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes 
that reference a SONIA rate issued under the Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA issued under the Programme. 
As SONIA is published and calculated by the Bank of England based on data received from other 
sources, the Group has no control over SONIA’s ongoing calculation or publication. There can be 
no guarantee that SONIA will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of Investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to or which reference 
a SONIA rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Terms and 
Conditions will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Investors). The Bank of England 
does not have an obligation to consider the interests of Investors in calculating, adjusting, converting, 
revising or discontinuing SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed, that change 
may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on such Floating Rate Notes, which may 
result in a fall in the trading prices of such Floating Rate Notes in the secondary market. 
Furthermore, the interest payable on Floating Rate Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only 
capable of being determined at the end of the relevant observation period and shortly prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). It may 
therefore be difficult for Investors in Floating Rate Notes which reference a SONIA rate to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes. 
Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based debt instruments, if Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate 
Notes will only be determined on or immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable and will not be reset thereafter. 
Investors should also be aware that the manner of adoption or application of SONIA as a reference 
rate in the international debt capital markets may differ materially compared with the application and 
adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA as reference rates across these

--- Page 37 ---
37 
markets may impact any hedging or other arrangements which Investors may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes linked to or which reference a SONIA rate. 
Since SONIA is a relatively new rate in the debt capital markets, Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
which reference a SONIA rate may have no, or a limited, established secondary market when issued 
and an established secondary market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
The price of the Notes may fluctuate from time to time and may be less than the amount paid by 
an Investor for the Notes. 
If an Investor chooses to sell its Notes issued under the Programme in the open market at any time 
prior to the maturity of the Notes, the price the Investor will receive from a purchaser may be less 
than its original investment, and may be less than the amount due to be repaid at the maturity of the 
Notes if an Investor were to hold onto the Notes until that time. Factors that will influence the price 
received by Investors who choose to sell their Notes in the open market may include, but are not 
limited to, market appetite, inflation, the period of time remaining to maturity of the Notes, prevailing 
interest rates and the financial position of the Issuer. In addition, inflation may reduce the real value 
of the Notes over time which may affect what Investors can buy with their investments in the future 
(including on the maturity of the Notes). 
Modification, waivers and substitution. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or the waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes, (ii) determine without the consent of the 
Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, (iii) 
the substitution of another company in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Notes in the 
circumstances described in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or (iv) the release 
of a Guarantor or the accession of a new Guarantor in certain circumstances. 
Change of law. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue 
of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision 
or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Notes by, for example, calling into doubt 
in some way any of the rights and remedies under English law available to Noteholders as at the 
date of issue of their Notes, and which were therefore an intrinsic element of the value ascribed to 
such Notes at the date of issue. 
Notes subject to redemption for tax reasons. 
In the event that the Issuer or any Guarantor (i) has or will become obliged to increase the amounts 
payable in respect of any Notes or Coupons due to any withholding or deduction for any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by the United Kingdom or any political subdivision or authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the United Kingdom or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power 
to tax, or any change in the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first tranche of the relevant series of Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
(or the relevant Guarantor(s), as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, the 
Issuer may redeem all of the outstanding Notes of the relevant series in accordance with their Terms 
and Conditions. 
The Notes are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
Unlike a bank deposit, the Notes are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme 
(the “FSCS”) or any equivalent schemes in other jurisdictions. As a result, neither the FSCS, nor

--- Page 38 ---
38 
anyone else, will pay compensation to an Investor in the Notes upon the failure of the Issuer, the 
Guarantors or the Group as a whole. 
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) plus one or more 
higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in 
amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, 
a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time, will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations. 
Holding company structure and the structural subordination of Notes. 
The Issuer is a holding company and operates its business entirely through its subsidiaries, including 
the Guarantors. Each of the Guarantors also operate their business through their respective 
operating subsidiaries. Payments on the Notes are structurally subordinated to all existing and future 
liabilities and obligations of each operating subsidiary within the Group (the “Group Operating 
Subsidiaries”). Claims of creditors of the Group Operating Subsidiaries will generally have priority 
as to the assets of such subsidiaries over the Issuer, the Guarantors and their respective creditors, 
including holders of the Notes. The Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ respective obligations to make 
payments under the Notes are solely obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors, and will not be 
guaranteed by any other Group company (including the Group Operating Subsidiaries). 
In addition, as holding companies, the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ ability to make payments 
depends upon the receipt of dividends, distributions or advances from the Group Operating 
Subsidiaries. The ability of the Group Operating Subsidiaries to pay dividends or such other amounts 
will be dependent on their profitability and will be subject to applicable laws and regulations and to 
restrictions on making payments contained in contractual arrangements. 
There are no separate consolidated financial statements available in respect of the Guarantors. 
Investors should be aware that, whilst financial information relating to the Guarantors is consolidated 
within the 2022 Annual Report and the 2021 Annual Report, each of which are incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus, no separate consolidated financial statements are available with 
respect to any of the Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries. Accordingly, this Prospectus 
does not contain separate consolidated accounts for the Guarantors. However, the audited 
unconsolidated accounts of each Guarantor are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus in 
respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, which illustrate to 
investors that such financial information is typical of intermediary holding companies’ activities. See 
under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on page 82.  
Investors should refer to the consolidated financial statements of the Group (including the auditor’s 
report thereto and the notes thereon), as set out in pages 121 to 176 of the 2022 Annual Report and 
on pages 107 to 159 of the 2021 Annual Report, for information on the financial position and 
prospects of the Group, including the Guarantors, in respect of the past two financial years. 
Risks related to the market 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant 
rating agency at any time.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for EEA regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken in respect of a relevant rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Similarly, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for UK regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken in respect of a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated FCA list. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out in the “Important 
Notices” section of this Prospectus. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating of the Programme. 
Interest rate risks. 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate. Investors should note that (i) if interest rates start to 
rise then the income to be paid by the Notes might become less attractive and the price the Investors 
get if they sell such Notes could fall, and (ii) inflation will reduce the real value of the Notes over time 
and may make the fixed interest rate on the Notes less attractive in the future. However, the market 
price of the Notes has no effect on the interest amounts due on the Notes or what Investors will be 
due to be repaid if the Notes are held by the Investors until they mature. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes, and the Guarantors will make payments, in 
the Specified Currency (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an Investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation 
in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantors to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, Investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Risk of absence of market-maker. 
In the case of any UK Notes issued under the Programme which are tradable on the London Stock 
Exchange’s electronic order book for retail bonds (the “ORB”), a market-maker will be appointed in 
respect of the relevant Notes from the date of admission of those Notes to trading. Market-making 
means that a person will quote prices for buying and selling securities during trading hours. 
However, the market-maker may not continue to act as a market-maker for the life of the relevant 
Notes. If a replacement market-maker is not appointed in such circumstances, this could have an 
adverse impact on an Investor’s ability to sell the relevant Notes. 
The secondary market. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, Investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, or, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, with the yield indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of Investors. These types of 
Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than

--- Page 40 ---
40 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. Moreover, other than in the case of Notes issued under the Programme to be traded on the 
ORB, it is not anticipated that a market-maker will be appointed in respect of Notes issued under 
the Programme, and the absence of a market-maker for the Notes may severely and adversely 
impact the price that an Investor would receive if it wishes to sell its Notes, especially where trading 
activity levels are low. 
The clearing systems. 
The Notes in each Series will be represented by a temporary or permanent Global Note. Such 
Global Note may be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the Global Note, an Investor 
will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain 
records of the interests in the relevant Global Note. While any Notes issued under the Programme 
are represented by a Global Note, an Investor will be able to trade their interests only through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While Notes are represented by a Global Note, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under such Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of an 
interest in the Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent 
that they are enabled by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Holding CREST depository interests. 
Investors may hold interests in the Notes through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known 
as CREST Co Limited) (“CREST”) through the issuance of dematerialised depository interests 
(“CDIs”) issued, held, settled and transferred through CREST, representing interests in the Notes 
underlying the CDIs (the “Underlying Notes”). Holders of CDIs (the “CDI Holders”) will hold, or 
have an interest in, a separate legal instrument and will not be the legal owners of the Underlying 
Notes. The rights of CDI Holders to the Underlying Notes are represented by the relevant 
entitlements against CREST Depository Limited (the “CREST Depository”) which (through CREST 
International Nominees Limited (the “CREST Nominee”)) holds interests in the Underlying Notes. 
Accordingly, rights under the Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly 
through the intermediary depositaries and custodians. The enforcement of rights under the 
Underlying Notes will be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediaries. This could result in 
an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the 
Underlying Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of any of the relevant intermediaries, 
in particular where the Underlying Notes held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose 
accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other 
customers of the relevant intermediaries. 
CDIs are constituted under English law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by the 
CREST Depository pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated) (the “CREST Deed Poll”). The rights of the CDI Holders will be 
governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
Issuer, including the CREST Deed Poll. Potential Investors should note that the provisions of the 
CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual issued by CREST (including the CREST International 
Manual dated 14 April 2008) as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the 
“CREST Manual”) and the CREST Rules contained in the CREST Manual applicable to the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service (the “CREST Rules”) contain indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings to be given by CDI Holders, and limitations on the liability of the 
CREST Depository. CDI Holders are bound by such provisions and may incur liabilities resulting 
from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of 
the amounts originally invested by them. As a result, the rights of, and returns received by, CDI 
Holders may differ from those of holders of Notes which are not represented by CDIs. 
In addition, CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST 
Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service (the 
“CREST International Settlement Links Service”). These will include the fees and expenses

--- Page 41 ---
41 
charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST 
Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in 
connection with the holding of the Notes through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
Potential Investors should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Trustee or the Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by any 
intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. The CDIs are not the subject 
of this Prospectus.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC 
1 
Company information 
Technical Corporate Information  
IPF is a public limited company incorporated and registered in England and Wales on 5 December 
2006 as a company limited by shares. Its registered company number is 06018973. The operations 
of IPF are subject to English company law, in particular the Companies Act 2006 ("Companies 
Act"). IPF’s registered (and head) office is at 26 Whitehall Road, Leeds LS12 1BE. The telephone 
number of IPF’s registered office is +44 (0)113 539 5466. The articles of association of the Issuer 
are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and the objects of the Issuer are unrestricted.  
The LEI of IPF is 213800II1O44IRKUZB59. 
Background 
IPF is the ultimate parent company of the Group. The Group is a socially responsible international 
provider of retail financial services focusing on the financially underserved. It provides small sum 
short-term unsecured credit via home credit and digital loans to consumers with average to below 
average income, many of whom are excluded from traditional retail banking services. It increasingly 
provides its customers with access to retail consumer insurance products.  
The Group operates in the highly regulated non-bank retail financial services sector. See below 
under “Regulatory Information”. 
Operations  
The Group operates in Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Mexico, Lithuania, Estonia, 
Latvia and Australia. It has over 20,000 employees and customer representatives.  
The Group conducts its operations through three trading divisions: 
• 
European Home Credit 
• 
Mexican Home Credit  
• 
IPF Digital 
See below under “Business Overview”. 
London Stock Exchange Listing  
IPF is listed on the London Stock Exchange (LON: IPF), and its issued share capital as at 30 June 
2023 comprised 234,244,437 ordinary shares of ten pence each, each of which is fully paid up.  
As of 10 July 2023, IPF’s top shareholders were as follows:  
Name 
% of issued 
share capital* 
Aberforth Partners LLP  
17.22 
Abrdn plc 
11.09 
Schroder Investment Management Limited / Schroders plc 
9.51 
Marathon Asset Management LLP 
6.91 
Artemis Investment Management LLP  
6.40 
JO Hambro Capital Mgt (London) 
6.08 
Janus Henderson Group plc 
5.15 
Mr Hendrik M V Heyst  
4.13 
 
* There have been no further notifications since the year-end.

--- Page 43 ---
International 
Personal 
Finance plc 
100% 
—100%—
IPF Digital Group 
Limited 
IPF Holdings Limited —100%— 
1010% 
International 
Personal Finance 
Investments Limited 
70% 
IPF Financial 
Services Limited 
Mr 
International Credit 
Insurance Limited 
United Kingdom 
7 30% 
IPF International 
Limited 
IPF Financing 
Limited 
100% 
Poland 
Czech Republic 
100% 
Australia 
UMW 
Mexico 
Overseas 
Latvia 
Lithuania 
 
43 
2 
Organisational structure 
Headquartered in the UK, IPF operates in nine overseas markets in Europe, Mexico and Australia. 
The Group’s business is conducted through its subsidiaries, held through four intermediate holding 
companies, namely IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal Finance Investments Limited, IPF 
International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited, who act jointly and severally as Guarantors of 
any Notes issued under the Programme. IPF also has certain UK subsidiaries which provide intra-
Group business services, financial support or credit hedging facilities. 
The following chart is a simplified summary of the organisational structure of the Group: 
 
 
Key: 
 
Issuer 
 
Guarantors 
 
Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries

--- Page 44 ---
European 
 
home credit 
Typical loan 
£780 
Average term 
74 weeks 
E
e'ic) 
home credit 
Typical loan 
£300 
Average term 
46 weeks 
IPF Digital 
Average credit line 
principal outstanding 
£1,100 
Average instalment loan 
£975 
 
44 
3 
Business overview 
3.1 
Introduction 
Over the last 25 years, the Group has developed a portfolio of retail lending products ranging from 
customer representative-managed loans through to digital instalment loans, revolving credit lines 
and mobile wallet products. In addition to retail credit products, the Group also offers customised 
insurance services (only in respect of its agency network through its customer representatives) and 
payment services through its mobile wallet platform. The business lines are broadly distinguished by 
home credit (branded predominantly as Provident) businesses and IPF Digital online lending 
businesses (branded as Credit24 and Creditea).  
The Group previously operated in Spain and Finland but no longer offers new credit products in 
these markets. During 2023 it will continue to collect repayments of previously advanced credit and 
run-down business operations in both jurisdictions.  
Overview  
The Group’s home credit business provides loans which are unsecured and the customer is not 
required (or requested) to provide a third party guarantee in respect of their obligations under the 
loan. The loans are provided in local currency and typically, credit vetting is performed at, loans are 
delivered to, and repayments are collected from, the customer’s home by the Group’s customer 
representatives (supported by central credit scoring systems). These customer representatives are 
responsible for servicing the customer’s needs over the course of their relationship with the Group.  
Typically, customers that opt for the customer representative home service incur no extra charges 
for missed or late payments during the contractual term of the loan. 
European home credit 
The European home credit businesses provides loans with a typical value of approximately £780 
with average term of loans being 74 weeks.  
Mexico home credit 
The Mexican home credit businesses provides loans with a typical value of approximately £300 with 
maturities with an average term of 46 weeks. 
IPF Digital 
The Group’s digital business serves customers who prefer to take out credit online and repay 
remotely. Provided under the brands Credit 24 and Creditea, this credit includes revolving credit line 
facilities (being the key product for IPF Digital) and instalment loans with an average actual term of 
18 to 24 months.  
Repayments are collected monthly and the average outstanding customer balance as of 31 
December 2022 for (i) revolving credit lines was approximately £1,100 and (ii) instalment loans was 
£975. As with home credit, such digital credit is unsecured, provided in local currency and the 
customer is not typically required to provide a guarantee. 
The following diagram illustrates the Group’s three trading divisions:  
 
3.2 
Credit scoring and approval processes 
The Group has a central credit scoring and management system, which operates alongside 
dedicated credit professionals in each business. As part of the credit approval process, the Group 
operates application scorecards for new customers and behavioural scorecards for repeat

--- Page 45 ---
45 
customers that are unique to each separate business. These scorecards include, where appropriate, 
external data such as data from credit bureaus. Each credit scorecard has been built using the 
Group’s database of the performance of over 45 million loans. The Group’s lending decisions, driven 
by the unsecured nature of the Group’s lending operations, are made on the basis of a customer’s 
disposable income rather than the value of the customer’s assets. 
The Group’s repeat lending offering (resulting in retention rates of over 60%) is built around the “low 
and grow” principle. Under this strategy customers are initially offered smaller loans, or credit lines, 
with further assessments conducted before larger loans or credit lines are offered. 
The Group has a centralised arrears management system, which involves the sale of non- 
performing loans to external debt recovery agencies. 
The customer representative is critical to the credit management of the Group’s home credit, hybrid 
and credit card products customers. The customer representative, supported by the central credit 
scoring systems, conducts the assessment of the customer’s character, characteristics and ability to 
repay. The customer representatives are remunerated primarily on the basis of customer 
repayments. 
 For digital loans and mobile wallet customers, the central credit scoring systems and credit bureau 
data is supported by advanced identification / know your customer technology. 
3.3 
Customers 
The Group’s customers require simple, small-sum loans, either in their home via a customer 
representative or via their bank account through money transfers or digital offerings, with transparent 
costs and affordable repayments to help them manage their weekly budget, or to buy one-off items 
at the time they need them. 
Home credit customers 
The Group has served over 14 million customers in the last decade. Typically, home credit customers 
have low to middle incomes and a limited credit history. They are underserved by the traditional 
banking sector and suffer from a high rejection rate for loans / credit support. This means some 
would not qualify for credit from a mainstream lender or an online loan provider and, as such, are 
suited to home credit. The Group’s customers are typically from the socio-economic Group C in 
Europe and Groups C & D in Mexico. The personal service provided by customer representatives 
as well as the convenience and speed of the offering is attractive to such customers. 
Typical socio-economic features of home credit customers are:  
• 
Low to middle income 
• 
Limited or no credit history 
• 
Prefer customer representative service 
• 
Need to manage finances carefully 
• 
Seek flexibility and financial products to suit their needs, which include: (i) loans 
for small sums, (ii) transparent costs, (iii) affordable regular repayments, (iv) 
forbearance and flexible repayments, (v) personal relationships and (vi) smooth 
customer service 
Home credit customers use their loans in general as follows:  
• 
Regulating their weekly budget and managing unexpected expenses 
• 
Healthcare and medical expenses  
• 
Education and school uniforms 
• 
Home improvements and household goods 
• 
Family celebrations and holidays 
• 
Developing their microbusinesses

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Digital customers 
The increasing use of mobile services means a growing number of consumers in the Group’s target 
segment are choosing to borrow online. The Group’s target digital customers earn low to middle 
incomes and have high smartphone adoption levels. They already have a credit history that may 
allow them to qualify for an online loan. The Group is able to meet its customers’ needs through its 
digital offering, which has operated for more than 15 years, and offers a significant strategic 
opportunity to grow the number of customers it serves with serves with online instalment loans, credit 
line facilities and mobile wallet products. 
Digital customers use their loans in general as follows:  
• 
Family celebrations and holidays 
• 
Home improvements and household goods 
• 
Healthcare and medical expenses 
3.4 
Purpose and strategy of IPF 
Building a better world through financial inclusion 
The Group’s stated business purpose is “building a better world through financial inclusion” for a 
financially underserved population, many of whom are excluded from day-to-day financial services. 
Based on external data sources, the Group’s management estimates that there are more than 70 
million financially underserved adults within the nine markets which the Group operates in.  
The Group is an internationally important consumer credit provider, helping people excluded from 
mainstream finance to access simple, personal and affordable finance and insurances. The Group’s 
businesses often represent the first step on the credit ladder and, for many, this is the start of a 
journey to build their credit profile. The Group’s aim is to support customers on low-to-moderate 
incomes including those with limited or no credit history as well as customers who are regularly 
turned away by traditional banks.  
The Group aims to deliver positive social contributions to the wider economy and its stakeholders:  
• 
Customers: - The Group aims to provide a financial lifeline to approximately 1.7 million 
customers who have no other means of accessing capital. This includes working towards 
providing access to regulated, affordable and flexible credit, and helping develop customers’ 
credit history, thus enabling more credit choices. 
• 
Colleagues: - The Group has created careers and an income for over 20,000 colleagues. 
The Group aims to continue its investments in leadership and promotion development and 
offer an inclusive and diverse work environment. 
• 
Communities: - The Group aims to continue its positive contributions to the communities in 
which it operates, investing in valuable social initiatives and environmentally friendly policies.  
• 
Regulators: - The Group abides by all relevant regulations and contractual obligations, aims 
to continue engage with regulators to help shape regulation required to support financial 
inclusion, transparency and fair practices.  
• 
Governments: - The Group continues to build on its strong foundation of corporate 
citizenship and contributes to local economies through taxes paid.  
• 
NGOs: - The Group provides funding and support for NGOs, and is an active member of 
sector associations. 
• 
Suppliers and partners: - The Group aims to continue to build upon its brand reputation, 
focused on professionalism, reliability and trustworthiness.  
• 
Investors: - The Group aims to deliver fair and sustainable returns, while maintaining an 
open, transparent dialogue. The Group wants to be a force for good, by continuing to support 
ESG and impact investing. 
The Group seeks to achieve its purpose through the use of its family of simple products that meet 
its customers’ specific needs and by creating the channels to make them as accessible as possible.

--- Page 47 ---
Home credit 
instalment loans 
Online payment transactions and value-added services, Offers 
a competitive advantage within our customer segment. 
Flexible access to money up to a preset limit and when 
customers pay down, more credit becomes available. 
Affordable, end-to-end digital service with terms 
up to three years and monthly repayments. 
Hybrid loans 
Credit card 
Digital instalment 
loans 
Revolving 
credit line 
Mobile wallet 
A convenient way for customers to pay instore, buy online, 
or °plain cash from their customer representative or ATM, 
A unique blend of customer representative and digital channels for those 
who do not have a strong enough credit profile to get a fully digffal 
Small-sum cash loans with weekly personal service provided 
in customers' homes by our customer representatives, 
Value-added services including medical and life insurances 
Credit profile and customer preference 
Customer journey 
 
47 
Strong progress on strategy 
The Group’s growth strategy focuses on delivering an excellent service to its existing customers and 
increasing the number of compelling product choices and channels to attract the next generation of 
consumers.  
Over the last 25 years the Group has built a family of lending products including: 
• 
Home credit instalment loans: - Small-sum cash loans with weekly personal service 
provided in customers’ homes by the Group’s customer representatives. 
• 
Hybrid loans: - A unique blend of customer representative and digital channels for those who 
do not have a strong enough credit profile to get a fully digital offer. 
• 
Credit card: - A convenient way for customers to pay instore, buy online, or obtain cash from 
their customer representative or ATM. 
• 
Digital instalment loans: - Affordable, end-to-end digital service which has a term of up to 
three years and monthly repayments. 
• 
Revolving credit line: - Flexible access to money up to a preset limit. In the event that 
customers pay down the outstanding credit, further credit may become available. 
• 
Mobile wallet: - Online payment transactions and value-added services (being debit cards 
and payment accounts). Offers a competitive advantage within the Group’s customer 
segment. 
The Group deploys a range of retail products across its nine markets tailored to meet both the 
preferences of its target customers and, importantly, local regulatory requirements. In addition to 
credit products, the Group also provides its customers with customised insurances, typically at lower 
prices than customers can obtain from other insurance providers.  
The following diagram is a summary of a typical customer journey, showing the value-added services 
and financial products that the Group offers at different stages of the customer’s credit profile:  
 
The Group continued to execute its strategy to support financial inclusion and deliver growth in 2022. 
The Group’s progress in achieving its strategic objectives in 2022 is evidenced by: 
• 
increasing the number of customers taking advantage of hybrid credit propositions in 
Poland, the Czech Republic and Mexico, which offer a blend of customer representative and 
digital channels to consumers who do not have a strong enough credit profile to get a fully 
digital offer; 
• 
launching its mobile wallet. The mobile wallet is now available in three markets – Estonia, 
Latvia and Lithuania – providing consumers with bank-like facilities on their mobile phone

--- Page 48 ---
48 
and the ability to use their revolving credit in conjunction with a payment card to buy goods 
online or in stores. The Group has also launched its mobile wallet in Mexico;  
• 
launching the ProviGo customer app in Poland in order to put customers in charge of their 
finances. For the first time, customers can view their account online, look at their balance, 
track receipts of payments and see if they can access another loan or value added service 
should they wish to do so. It also enables the Group to communicate directly with customers 
in real time with offers and promotions the Group is running. ProviGo is currently available 
to customers in Poland and the Group intends to start to roll out the app to other markets in 
2023; 
• 
growing the customer representative network in Mexico with new agencies within or close 
to the Group’s existing territorial operations and expanding its geographic footprint with the 
opening of a new branch in the Northwest of Mexico around the densely populated area of 
Tijuana. In this region alone research has identified approximately 1.4 million consumers in 
the Group’s target segment. The Group has started building a management team and 
customer representative network. In March 2023, the Group launched home credit 
operations in the new region of Tampico; 
• 
launching a new credit card offering to meet the future needs of consumers in Poland. The 
credit cards are distributed, and the instalments are repaid, through the Group’s customer 
representatives. Customers can receive cash through their customer representative, 
withdraw it from an ATM or use the card to make in-store and online purchases up to their 
credit limit. All transactions need be repaid within 11 months. There are no fixed fees or 
penalty fees applied. As repayments are made, further credit may become available. The 
credit card is valid for four years with the credit limit reviewed annually. As at 30 June 2023, 
approximately 53,000 of these credit cards had been issued; and 
• 
developing retail point of sale partnerships in Romania and Mexico, which is a pivotal part 
of the Group’s growth strategy to attract the next generation of customers. 
3.5 
Business model 
The Group’s business model is based on funding itself long term and lending short term, and this 
allows the Group to manage liquidity in challenging economic times. The business model has 
generated sustainable returns for shareholders. Over the last five years: 
• 
the Group has been consistently profitable and has been able to maintain the impairment 
level at or below the target range (although the level of both profitability and impairment has 
varied from year to year), other than in 2020, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic; 
• 
the Group’s gearing ratio has been consistently within the long-term covenanted level (i.e. 
the level agreed with the Group’s lender banks); and 
• 
the Group’s interest cover ratio has been consistently above the long-term covenanted level, 
other than in 2020, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group made a short-term amendment to the covenanted 
interest cover ratio, such that, despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has at all 
times been in compliance with the actual covenanted level. 
 
Pre-exceptional 
profit/(loss) 
before tax for 
continuing 
operations 
(£m) 
2018 .......................................................................................................  
109.3 
2019 .......................................................................................................  
114.0 
2020 .......................................................................................................  
(28.8) 
2021 .......................................................................................................  
67.7 
2022 .......................................................................................................  
 77.4

--- Page 49 ---
49 
3.6 
Social inclusion, responsible lending and ESG 
Responsible lending principles 
Behaving ethically and lending responsibly are core to the sustainability of the Group’s business 
model, and are embedded in everything the Group does, from strategic decision making and product 
design to the millions of credit checks and everyday interactions the Group has with customers each 
year. This is seen in the Group’s core responsible lending principles: 
• 
Advertising and marketing: – the Group advertises its products in a clear, jargon-free manner 
on TV, radio and online, complying with the appropriate information requirements and 
advertising ethics codes in each market. 
• 
Affordability: – the Group thoroughly assesses a customer’s ability to repay a loan through 
customer representative visits, credit bureau checks, application and behavioural 
scorecards and advanced ‘Know Your Customers’ tools. The Group will not offer a loan to a 
customer if the Group assesses that they will not be able to afford the repayments. 
• 
Product suitability: – the Group aims to provide customers with products that are best suited 
to their needs, adjusting prices and credit terms to ensure affordability. 
• 
Pricing: – the Group offers customers fair and transparent pricing with loyal, better-quality 
customers offered preferential pricing and discounted products. Late payment fees, if used, 
are designed to re-engage a customer rather than as a primary revenue stream. 
• 
Customer communication: – the Group communicates with customers in a clear manner, 
upholds their right to confidentiality and has robust processes to ensure data protection 
security. The Group selects and trains its customer representatives so that they can serve 
customers to a high standard. 
• 
Customer payments and debt recovery: – the Group collects loan instalments in a 
responsible manner and does what it can to avoid adversely affecting a customer’s credit 
history. In the case of external debt recovery, it only co-operates with reputable agencies. 
Environment, social and governance (ESG) 
The Group has a very strong social purpose and is committed not only to supporting its customers 
by providing affordable and transparent credit in a responsible way, but also striving to have a 
positive effect on all the Group’s stakeholders as it invests in promoting financial inclusion, develops 
the capabilities of its team who serve millions of customers and implements its climate change 
strategy. During 2022, the Group:  
• 
launched a new leadership development programme, Global Leaders Connect, to ensure 
the development of the next generation of leaders within the Group; 
• 
further developed its climate-related strategy and scenario analysis process and explored 
relevant targets and metrics to monitor future progress. The Group’s climate- related 
commitments will be finalised in the second half of 2023; 
• 
built strong relationships in its local communities, which provided a valuable platform to 
engage with colleagues, customers, local governments and NGOs. In 2022, the Group 
invested over £1 million in programmes to support education, social welfare and emergency 
relief for Ukraine; 
• 
organised approximately 4,000 volunteers (investing over 15,500 volunteering hours) to 
support community projects and promote financial inclusion;  
• 
began the roll out of a new community relations programme ‘Invisibles’ in all of the Group’s 
markets highlighting the plight of underprivileged, marginalised and excluded members of 
society (following a highly successful campaign in the Czech Republic in 2021); and 
• 
pooled financial donations from the Group and its employees, and began a long-term social 
initiative by securing the long-term lease on and then renovating a large property (known as 
Mother’s House) in Warsaw which is currently home to 10 displaced families from Ukraine.  
Engagement with regulators 
The Group’s operations and decisions are underpinned by responsible leadership, governance and 
transparency. The Group supports regulation which protects consumers and ensures that only

--- Page 50 ---
50 
responsible businesses are permitted to provide retail financial products. The Group endeavours to 
maintain good relationships with regulators and legislators who play a key role in shaping the 
consumer finance sector.  
The Group engages through a range of industry associations, legislative consultations and 
conferences to communicate its views to policymakers. This contributes to maintaining high 
standards across the industry, building a positive reputation and creating a sustainable regulatory 
and operational environment. The Group remains committed to working with regulators and 
legislators to help shape the regulatory future of the consumer lending sector.  
Code of ethics 
The board of directors (“Board”) has overall responsibility for risk management including compliance 
and ethics. Policies and procedures are embedded across the business, covering all key governance 
areas including fraud, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, gifts and hospitality, conflicts of interest, 
anti-tax evasion, modern slavery, data protection, information security, health and safety and 
whistleblowing. The Group’s common values and code of ethics ensure that colleagues have a clear 
understanding of how the Group serves its customers with respect and conducts its business 
ethically. 
The Group’s policies and values are translated and communicated to colleagues through induction 
processes, training, internal communications and seasonal awareness campaigns. All the Group’s 
employees and customer representatives undertake ethics training annually. The training is based 
on real-life ethical dilemmas and helps colleagues better understand the complexity and importance 
of decisions they make in their day-to-day work. Approximately 97% of employees and customer 
representatives, including self-employed and part-time colleagues, completed ethics e-learning in 
2022. 
Climate achievements 
• 
Governance: – The Board reviewed and endorsed actions designed to enable compliance 
with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). The Audit and Risk 
Committee approved changes to the Enterprise Risk Management Framework (“ERMF”) 
concerning climate-related risk. The formal responsibilities of the Board and its Committees 
were updated to include explicit reference to climate. 
• 
Strategy: - Insight into the risks and opportunities of climate change in the Group’s business 
model were developed. Assessments were made about future impact of climate on the 
Group’s business and strategy. The Group reviewed externally-developed proposals for 
green lending products in its European home credit markets. 
• 
Risk Management: - Climate risk was incorporated as a key risk in the Group’s risk 
management framework. Climate risk was regularly reviewed through existing risk 
governance forums. Climate risk was assessed by a cross-functional group of subject matter 
experts over different time horizons and the output of this work was endorsed by the Board. 
• 
Metrics and targes: - Scope 1 and 2 emissions were reported in line with GHG Protocol and 
verified independently. Scope 1 and 2 emissions increased by 1% as normal business 
operations resumed post-pandemic.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
4 
Markets and competitive position 
Overview 
The Group’s target customers have a significant long-term demand for affordable credit and are 
reliant on non-bank financial institutions as a crucial source of finance during the turbulent economic 
climate, despite the potential for a reduction in risk-appetite of other lenders. In addition, consumers 
are demanding personalised digital finance experiences, and seamless digital finance interactions 
with their financial provider. Consumers want easier and faster access to their finances, including 
access to mobile product offerings. The Group tracks consumer and market trends continually and 
uses this insight to shape strategy and respond to the challenges and opportunities that arise.  
The non-banking financial institution segment is a competitive sector, although several digital 
participants remain loss-making, lack scale and are likely to exit the market. Consumers have 
significant long-term demand for affordable credit, and their needs are structural, not discretionary. 
The Group’s target customers expect frictionless customer experience. Moreover, the digital 
innovation continues to drive growth in this sector.  
In 2022, a relatively stable competitive environment returned as the impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic reduced. However, certain markets in which the Group operates continue to face 
challenges, such as the continued war in Ukraine and rising costs of living, exacerbated by global 
inflation (according to the UK’s Office of National Statistics, the UK Consumer Prices Index rose by 
9.2% in the 12 months to December 2022). Further interest rate rises through 2022 and 2023 have 
increased the cost of funding for IPF and continued to negatively impact consumers’ finances. 
Disposable incomes are likely to come under further pressure as high wage inflation and falling 
employment levels are prevalent in many of the Group’s markets.  
Competitors 
Whilst the Group has seen some market rationalisation amongst competitors, the main incumbents 
remain broadly the same. The Group has seen few new entrants trying to serve its market segments. 
Other financial institutions appear to be tightening their lending criteria in response to the cost-of-
living crisis.  
There are indications that buy-now-pay-later (“BNPL”) operators, which grew rapidly in 2021 in many 
of the Group’s markets, are less successful than previously expected, particularly in light of increased 
interest rates and cost-of-living pressures. Whilst BNPL is not competing directly with the Group, due 
to its typically much smaller transaction size and initial interest-free periods, the expectation from 
customers wanting finance at the point of sale is likely to persist even if BNPL in its current form 
does not. As a result, the Group is continuing to develop its partnership strategy to provide credit 
options for retailers and their consumers, as well as broadening price options and increasing the 
channels through which customers can access credit products. 
In Mexico, the main competitors to the Group’s home credit business remain those with a physical 
presence, either through branch-based interactions or group-based lending models as they seek to 
establish direct relationships with customers. Even though Mexican society is highly digitised, the 
‘D’ socio-economic segment the Group serves retains cash as their preferred transaction method, 
and the Group sees no increase in bank account penetration in this segment. They are also 
particularly underserved, and it is for these reasons the Group sees long-term growth for its customer 
representative-based lending model including the progressive opening of new regions. The Group 
will also continue to digitise certain elements of the customer experience to make life easier for its 
customers whilst retaining the core personal relationships it has with them. 
In the Group’s European home credit markets, competition continues to be from digital lenders, 
banks and smaller home credit operators. Hungary and Romania are the Group’s least competitive 
markets with far fewer digital players, whereas Poland and the Czech Republic have higher numbers. 
Management of the Group believes it’s the market leader for home credit across these four countries. 
The Group’s strategy is to consolidate the success of home credit by providing more value to 
customers and to replicate the success of building a profitable digital business in Poland under the 
Provident brand. 
The Baltics are the most digitally mature markets served by the Group and some of the most digitally 
advanced societies in the world. These markets, together with Australia, are highly competitive and 
the Group’s strategy for IPF Digital is to have market leading digital products, including its new mobile 
wallet, supported by seamless and efficient customer journeys.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
5. 
Financial Review 
5.1 
Use of Non-IFRS financial measures 
The Group’s Financial Statements have not been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 on 
the Application of International Accounting Standards (“IFRS”). The Group’s Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with United Kingdom adopted International Accounting 
Standards (“UKIAS”). There are no material differences between UKIAS and IFRS.  
In addition, the Group uses certain ratios and measures included herein that would be considered 
non-IFRS financial measures (“Alternative Performance Measures” or “APM”). An APM measures 
historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows but excludes or includes 
amounts that would not be so adjusted in the most comparable IFRS measures. The APMs included 
herein are not in accordance with or an alternative to measures prepared in accordance with IFRS 
(for which Group management has responsibility). 
The Group believes that these APMs, which are not considered to be a substitute for or superior to 
IFRS measures, provide stakeholders with additional helpful information on the performance of the 
business. The APMs are consistent with how the business performance is planned and reported 
within the internal management reporting to the Board. Each of the APMs used by the Group (other 
than pre-exceptional profit before tax for continuing operations) are set out on pages 172 to 176 of 
the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ending 31 December 2022 and pages 45 
to 49 of the unaudited financial statements for the six months ending 30 June 2023, including 
explanations of how they are calculated and how they can be reconciled to a statutory measure 
where relevant.  
A summary of pre- exceptional profit before tax, a key non-IFRS measure discussed in this 
Prospectus, but not otherwise described in this Prospectus, is set out below. 
APM 
Closest 
equivalent 
statutory 
measure 
Reconciling 
items to 
statutory 
measure 
Definition and 
Purpose 
Pre-exceptional profit/ 
(loss) before tax (£m) 
Profit/(loss) 
before tax 
Exceptional 
items 
Profit/(loss) before tax 
and exceptional items. 
This is considered to be 
an important measure 
where exceptional items 
distort the operating 
performance of the 
business. 
 
The Group reports percentage change figures for all performance measures (other than profit or loss 
before taxation and earnings per share) after restating prior year figures at a constant exchange 
rate. The constant exchange rate, which is an APM, retranslates the previous year measures at the 
average actual periodic exchange rates used in the current financial year. These measures are 
presented as a means of eliminating the effects of exchange rate fluctuations on the year-on-year 
reported results. The Group makes certain adjustments to the statutory measures in order to derive 
APMs where relevant. The Group’s policy is to exclude items that are considered to be significant in 
both nature and/or quantum and where treatment as an adjusted item provides stakeholders with 
additional useful information to assess the year-on-year trading performance of the Group. 
5.2 
The Group’s financial model 
The Group continued to deliver a strong return to growth in 2022 driven by an excellent operational 
performance whilst maintaining careful management of credit settings. The Group continued to 
maintain a conservative balance sheet to mitigate any potential deterioration in the macroeconomic 
environment. See below under “Overview of performance for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and for the half year ended 30 June 2023”. 
The Group formalised its financial model in 2022 to underpin its purpose and strategy, while 
balancing the needs of all its stakeholders. This financial model has been embedded into all business 
decisions, performance analysis and planning. The Group aims to deliver sustainable earnings

--- Page 53 ---
Group pre-exceptional returns % 
20 
10 
0 
-10 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
ROBE 
ROE 
 
53 
growth whilst maintaining a strong balance sheet, adopting a progressive dividend policy and 
investing in the continued expansion of the business. 
The Group’s target financial model is as follows: 
1. Delivers a sustainable RORE of 15% to 20%; 
2. Supports a minimum return to shareholders of 40% of post-tax earnings; 
3. Allows receivables growth of up to 10% per annum; and 
4. Maintains an equity to receivables ratio at approximately 40%. 
RORE 
The first, most integral part of the Group’s financial model is to deliver a target RORE of between 
15% and 20%. The Group believes that returns materially above this range would not balance the 
needs of all of its stakeholders in delivering its purpose of building a better world through financial 
inclusion. The Group calculates RORE as profit after tax over the average required equity of 40% of 
receivables. This allows the Group to ensure comparability between divisions and is more consistent 
with the financial model which assumes a 40% equity to receivables ratio. The Group will also 
continue to disclose its ROE, but only on a Group basis. The RORE of the Group between 2018 and 
2022 is set out below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group’s RORE was adversely impacted by the reduction in scale of the business during the 
COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021 as the Group significantly tightened underwriting in response 
to the pandemic. Despite rightsizing of the cost-base, the reduction in Group receivables of over 
£300 million in 2020 has meant that the Group has been sub-scale throughout the period 2020 to 
2022. Through strong execution of its rebuilding strategy, the Group has rebuilt its receivables book 
by £200 million through 2021 and 2022 and the RORE of 14.6% in 2022 was only just below the 
Group’s minimum threshold, notwithstanding the pressure on funding costs caused by the war in 
Ukraine and the cost-of-living crisis. The pre-exceptional annualised RORE as of 30 June 2023 was 
14.7% (HY 2022: 12.3%), which is broadly in line with the 14.6% at 31 December 2022. The Group 
continues to operate close to the lower end of its target range of 15% to 20% as it rebuilds scale and 
transitions the Polish business to the new regulatory landscape. 
The Group’s pre-exceptional ROE, based on actual equity, was 11.5% in 2022, up from 11.4% in 
2021. The Group’s annualised pre-exceptional ROE, based on actual equity, was 11.3% at 30 June 
2023 (HY 2022: 10.4%), down from 11.5% at 31 December 2022, due to favourable exchange rate 
movements which have increased equity. The Group targets each of its businesses to deliver a 
RORE of 20%+.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
The RORE by division is set out below: 
  
HY 2023* 
RORE (%) 
HY 2022* 
RORE (%) 
2022 
RORE (%) 
2021 
RORE (%) 
European home credit ...........................................  
21.0 
17.7 
21.3 
20.7 
Mexico home credit ...............................................  
20.5 
20.8 
19.2 
27.1 
IPF Digital ..............................................................  
6.3 
6.1 
  6.9 
 7.5 
*Annualised RORE 
The Group’s European and Mexico home credit segments are already delivering a RORE at 
approximately the 20% threshold set for each division. IPF Digital remains sub-scale following the 
closure of Finland and Spain and the impact of COVID-19. The Group’s focus is on regaining scale 
through strong organic growth opportunities in its existing markets, particularly in Mexico and 
Australia. The Group will also consider inorganic opportunities to deliver scale and increase returns. 
Distribution of earnings / dividend policy  
The delivery of a RORE of 15% supports the distribution of 40% of the Group’s post-tax earnings. A 
RORE of nearer 20% would either allow the Group to distribute more than 40% of its earnings to 
shareholders and/or deliver additional receivables growth (see section “Business Description - 
Receivables growth” below). 
The Group’s total dividend of 9.2 pence per share in 2022 represents a pre-exceptional pay-out ratio 
of 44%. The interim dividend increased by 15% to 3.1 pence per share as of 30 June 2023 (HY 
2022: 2.7 pence), in line with the Group’s stated dividend policy of paying 33% of the prior full-year 
dividend in the first half of 2023.  
Receivables growth 
Returning capital of 40% of post-tax earnings allows the Group to fund receivables growth in the 
following year by up to 10%. If the Group grows in excess of 10%, it will utilise any additional capital 
resources over its target capital base. If the Group expects to grow at less than 10% it will either 
retain capital or increase the capital return to shareholders above its 40% minimum threshold. In 
2023, the Group experienced strong receivables growth of 14% as it continued to rebuild scale 
following COVID-19. This growth is greater than 10% and, as a result, the Group utilised part of its 
additional capital during 2023.  
Equity to receivables ratio 
A target equity to receivables ratio of 40% is the Group’s current view of an appropriate balance 
sheet, offering a degree of security both in positive and negative economic conditions. The Group’s 
equity to receivables ratio as at 31 December 2022 was 51.2%, unchanged from 2021. The Group 
intends to use its additional capital above its target level of 40% as the Group: 
• 
rebuilds receivables levels to pre- COVID-19 levels and RORE above 15%; 
• 
maintains a progressive dividend policy; and 
• 
provides balance sheet strength as the Group navigates the cost-of-living crisis and 
transitions the Polish business through 2023 and 2024 to the new lower TCC cap. 
5.3 
Key performance indicators (“KPIs”) 
KPIs supporting the financial model  
The Group’s financial model is supported by a stringent focus on the revenue yield, impairment rate 
and cost-income ratio being delivered by each of its businesses. The Group made strong progress 
against each of its core KPI’s in 2022. The table below shows the associated ranges for each of 
these KPIs to deliver the Group’s minimum RORE of 15%. The Group included the metrics for 2022 
to demonstrate the movement it needs to undertake to progress towards its target financial model, 
as well as the pre-pandemic metrics at the end of 2019. In light of strong operational performance 
over the last year together with the global rise in interest rates due to cost-of-living pressures, the 
target metrics for revenue yield, impairment rate and cost-income ratio have been re-evaluated as 
of 30 June 2023. The Group’s blended cost of funding in the first half of 2023 was 14.0%, up from 
12.2% in HY 2022. The Group’s believes there may be a modest increase in the overall Group’s cost 
of funding in 2024 as it refinances maturing fixed interest rate funding.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Targets 
% 
HY 20231 
2022 
% 
2019 
% 
Revenue yield ........................................................  
56-58 
54.2% 
51.9 
59.2 
Impairment rate .....................................................  
14-16 
11.4% 
8.6 
16.2 
Cost-income ratio ..................................................  
49-51 
57.4% 
60.9 
52.7 
RORE ....................................................................  
15/+ 
14.7%2,3 
14.6 
18.3 
 
1 Annualised.  
2 Prior to an exceptional tax charge of £4.0 million as at 30 June 2023, and an exceptional tax credit 
of £10.5 million as at 31 December 2022. 
3 Based on required equity to receivables of 40%. 
Changes to financial reporting terminology and KPIs 
The Group changed some of its financial reporting terminology to better reflect the Group’s broader 
distribution channels, including a greater level of digital transactions, and to better align with 
consumer finance lenders more generally. In conjunction with this, the Group changed the 
calculation of a number of KPIs which were established when the Group was solely a home credit 
business. The new KPIs are also more consistent with current accounting standards (principally 
IFRS 9) and are more aligned to other consumer finance lenders. The changes the Group made are 
summarised below: 
Previous terminology 
 
New terminology 
Credit issued 
 
Customer lending 
Collections 
 
Customer repayments 
Previous KPI 
 
New KPI 
Revenue yield calculated as revenue 
divided by average net receivables after 
impairment provision 
 
Revenue yield calculated as revenue 
divided by average gross receivables 
(before impairment provision) 
Impairment as a percentage of revenue 
calculated 
as 
impairment 
divided 
by 
revenue 
 
Impairment rate calculated as impairment 
as 
a 
percentage 
of 
average 
gross 
receivables (before impairment provision) 
Cost-income ratio calculated as costs, 
excluding 
customer 
representatives 
commission and interest expense, divided 
by revenue 
 
Cost-income ratio calculated as total costs, 
including 
customer 
representatives’ 
commission (excluding interest expense), 
divided by revenue 
Both the previous KPIs and the new KPIs are calculated on a rolling 12-month basis. The impact of 
the changes in calculation on full-year 2019 (pre-COVID-19) and full year 2022 is set out below: 
 
2019 
2022 
 
New 
Previous 
New 
Previous 
Revenue yield ................................................ 
59.2% 
90.1% 
51.9% 
83.3% 
Impairment rate/impairment to revenue ........ 
16.2% 
27.4% 
  8.6% 
16.5% 
Cost-income ratio .......................................... 
52.7% 
43.6% 
60.9% 
48.9% 
 
5.4 
Overview of performance for the year ended 31 December 2022 and for the half year ended 
30 June 2023 
The Group delivered strong growth and a solid financial performance across the Group as it 
continued to execute its strategy in 2022. Profit before tax of £77.4 million as of 31 December 2022 
(2021: £67.7 million) showed growth of 14.3% and reflected a strong recovery in lending post 
COVID-19 and a good operational performance, despite the challenges of the macroeconomic 
landscape. This strong performance continued for the first half of 2023, with profit before tax 
increasing by 11.8% (£4.0 million) to £37.8 million (HY 2022: £33.8 million), reflecting a strong

--- Page 56 ---
56 
operational performance as well as favourable movements in exchange rates compared with IPF 
management’s original assumptions. 
Excluding the benefit of COVID-19 impairment provision releases of £32.0 million from 2021 reported 
profits, underlying profit before tax grew 117% in 2022. An analysis of profits between the Group’s 
three trading divisions is set out below for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022: 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
£m 
Reported 
£m  
Underlying* 
£m 
Reported 
%  
Underlying* 
% 
European home credit 
65.6 
54.5 
33.9 
20.4 
93.5 
Mexico home credit 
17.7 
18.4 
10.7 
(3.8) 
65.4 
IPF Digital 
8.8 
8.7 
5.0 
1.1 
76.0 
Central costs 
(14.7) 
(13.9) 
(13.9) 
(5.8) 
(5.8) 
Profit before taxation 
77.4 
67.7 
35.7 
14.3 
116.8 
 
*Prior to COVID-19 impairment provision releases of £32 million in 2021 which have not been 
repeated in 2022. 
An analysis of profits between the Group’s three trading divisions is set out below for the half financial 
years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023: 
 
HY 2023 
(unaudited) 
HY 2022 
Change 
 
£m 
£m  
£m 
%  
% 
European home credit 
30.3 
29.6 
0.7 
2.4 
Mexico home credit 
11.4 
7.4 
4.0 
54.1 
IPF Digital 
4.1 
4.5 
(0.4) 
(8.9) 
Central costs 
(8.0) 
(7.7) 
(0.3) 
(3.9) 
Profit before taxation 
37.8 
33.8 
4.0 
11.8 
 
The detailed Income Statement of the Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022, together with associated KPIs is set out below: 
 
2022 
£m 
2021 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Change 
at CER* 
% 
Customer numbers (000s) 
1,733 
1.727 
6 
0.3 
 
Customer lending 
1,126.4 
982.1 
144.3 
14.7 
13.7 
Closing net receivables 
868.8 
716.8 
152.0 
21.2 
14.2 
Revenue 
645.5 
548.7 
96.8 
17.6 
15.1 
Impairment 
(106.7) 
(56.2) 
(50.5) 
(89.9) 
(70.4) 
Revenue less impairment 
538.8 
492.5 
46.3 
9.4 
8.1 
Costs 
(393.3) 
(370.8) 
(22.5) 
(6.1) 
(4.4) 
Interest expense 
(68.1) 
(54.0) 
(14.1) 
(26.1) 
(26.8) 
Reported profit before taxation 
77.4 
67.7 
9.7 
14.3 
 
Reported profit before taxation 
77.4 
67.7 
9.7 
14.3 
 
COVID-19 provision releases 
- 
(32.0) 
32.0 
n/a 
 
Underlying profit before taxation 
77.4 
35.7 
41.7 
116.8 
 
Revenue yield 
51.9% 
48.1% 
3.8 ppts 
 
 
Impairment rate 
  8.6% 
4.9% 
(3.7) ppts 
 
 
Cost-income ratio 
60.9% 
67.6% 
6.7 ppts 
 
 
Pre-exceptional EPS 
20.8p 
18.8p 
2.0 ppts

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
2022 
£m 
2021 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Change 
at CER* 
% 
 
Pre-exceptional ROE1…… 
11.5% 
11.4% 
0.1 ppts 
 
 
Pre-exceptional RORE1,2 
14.6% 
15.1% 
(0.5) ppts 
 
 
 
* “CER” = constant exchange rates 
1 Prior to an exceptional tax credit of £10.5 million in 2022. 
2 Based on a required equity to receivables of 40%. 
The detailed Income Statement of the Group for the half financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 
June 2023, together with associated KPIs is set out below: 
 
 
HY 
2023  
£m 
HY 2022 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Change 
at CER* 
% 
Customer numbers (000s) 
1,718 
1,718  
- 
- 
- 
Customer lending 
578.8 
513.3  
65.5 
12.8 
   4.8 
Average gross receivables 
1,343.2 
1,170.6 
172.6 
14.7 
9.9 
Closing net receivables 
893.1 
769.9  
123.2 
16.0 
9.7 
Revenue 
380.0 
297.4 
82.6 
27.8 
17.6 
Impairment 
(89.2) 
(43.3) 
(45.9) 
(106.0) 
(80.9) 
Revenue less impairment 
290.8 
254.1 
36.7 
14.4 
6.2 
Costs 
(215.1) 
(190.3) 
(24.8) 
(13.0) 
(5.2) 
Interest expense 
(37.9) 
(30.0) 
(7.9) 
(26.3) 
(18.8) 
Reported profit before taxation 
37.8 
33.8 
4.0 
11.8 
 
Revenue yield 
54.2% 
49.8% 
4.4 ppts 
 
 
Impairment rate 
11.4% 
7.5% 
(3.9) ppts 
 
 
Cost-income ratio 
57.4% 
65.0% 
7.6 ppts 
 
 
Pre-exceptional EPS 
10.2p 
9.1p 
1.1 p 
 
 
 
Pre-exceptional ROE1…… 
11.3% 
10.4% 
0.9 ppts 
 
 
Pre-exceptional RORE1,2 
14.7% 
12.3% 
2.4 ppts 
 
 
 
1 Prior to an exceptional tax charge of £4.0 million as of 30 June 2023, and an exceptional tax credit 
of £10.5 million as of 31 December 2022. 
2 Based on a required equity to receivables of 40%. 
The successful execution of the Group’s growth strategy to rescale its business following the 
pandemic resulted in customer lending growth of 14% in 2022 (at CER), driven by strong 
performances from all three divisions. This growth was achieved despite the COVID-19 restrictions 
earlier in the year, the impact of the war in Ukraine which resulted in softer demand in the first quarter 
of 2022 in Europe, and the challenging macroeconomic landscape which subsequently unfolded 
across the globe. Demand improved throughout the remainder of the year, although the Group 
continues to take a conservative approach to lending and tightened its credit criteria across most of 
the Group’s geographies as a precautionary measure due to the significant increase in the cost of 
living for the Group’s customers. The Group remains very mindful of the impact of inflation on 
disposable incomes, particularly the significant increases in food, fuel and utility prices, and will 
continue to manage its credit settings to match the situation in each of its markets.  
The Group’s closing net receivables portfolio increased by £152 million (14% at CER) to £868.8 
million at the end of 2022 as the Group continued to execute its rebuild strategy. This continued into 
the first half of 2023, with the Group’s closing net receivables portfolio increasing by £123.2 million 
(9.7% at CER) to £893.1 million as at 30 June 2023, which resulted in strong revenue growth of 
17.6% over the period HY 2022 to HY 2023. All three divisions delivered strong receivables growth, 
despite tightened credit criteria. The Group aims to continue to experience receivables growth in 
2023 as it transitions its Polish business to the new lower TCC cap.  
The Group’s annualised revenue yield strengthened from 48.1% in 2021 to 51.9% in 2022 and to 
54.2% as of 30 June 2023 (HY 2022: 49.8%), reflecting a combination of four factors: (i) the stronger

--- Page 58 ---
58 
growth in Mexico home credit which carries a higher yield; (ii) the reduction in customer accounts in 
stage 3 (which do not attract as much interest under IFRS 9) due to improved repayment 
performance post COVID-19; (iii) selective price increases, mainly in European home credit; and (iv) 
a reduction in promotional activity. These factors have been partially offset by an increase in rebates 
provided to customers in Poland.  
Having close relationships with the Group’s customers encourages a strong repayment ethos and is 
a core strength of the business. Combined with the responsible lending decisions the Group takes 
when serving customers, the quality of the Group’s loan portfolio continues to be positive in all 
divisions. Customer repayments remained robust in 2022, driven by solid operational execution, and 
this resulted in an annualised impairment rate of 8.6% (2021: 4.9%) but increased in the first half of 
2023 to 11.4% as of 30 June 2023 (HY 2022: 7.5%). This metric continues to be lower than pre-
COVID-19 levels and has benefited from improved credit quality and strong execution on debt sale 
activity and post-charge off recoveries, in 2022 delivering approximately £15 million more customer 
repayments than 2021. The balance sheet remains robust against the combined impact of cost-of-
living increases and the aftereffects of COVID-19, with an impairment coverage ratio of 36.4% at the 
end of 2022 (2021: 37.8%) and 36.5% at the end of the first half of 2023 (HY 2022: 37.6%). This 
compares with a pre-COVID-19 ratio of 33.5% at the end of 2019. 
The Group continues to maintain a stringent focus on costs as it grows the business and as a result, 
the annualised cost-income ratio improved by 6.7 ppts year on year to 60.9% in 2022 (2021: 67.6%) 
and 7.6 ppts from 65.0% to 57.4% over the period of HY 2022 to HY 2023. The Group continues to 
drive process efficiency through investing in technology. 
The Group’s pre-exceptional RORE for 2022 of 14.6% (2021: 15.1%), and 14.7% for the first half of 
2023 (HY 2022: 12.3%), was close to the lower threshold of its target level of 15% to 20%, reflecting 
the strong progress made in the year on rebuilding the Group following COVID-19. The Group’s pre-
exceptional ROE, based on actual equity, was 11.5% in 2022, up from 11.4% in 2021, and was 
11.3% at 30 June 2023 (HY 2022: 10.4%). 
5.5 
Results per Operating Segment  
European home credit 
European home credit performed very well in 2022, delivering a profit before tax of £65.6 million 
(2021: £54.5 million) up 20.4%, reflecting strong execution against the Group’s recovery plan. This 
trend continued in the first half of 2023, with an increase in profit before tax to £30.3 million, up from 
£29.6 million as of 30 June 2022. Excluding the benefit of COVID-19 impairment provision releases 
of £20.6 million from 2021 reported profits, underlying profit before tax grew 93.5% in 2022. The 
detailed income statement and associated KPIs of the European home credit segment of the Group’s 
business are set out below for (i) the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 and (ii) the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023: 
 
2022 
£m 
2021 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Change at 
CER 
% 
Customer numbers (000s) 
784 
810 
(26) 
(3.2) 
 
Customer lending 
637.0 
599.2 
37.8 
6.3 
9.9 
Closing net receivables 
501.0 
425.9 
75.1 
17.6 
14.4 
Revenue 
317.5 
284.7 
32.8 
11.5 
14.8 
Impairment 
(5.2) 
1.6 
(6.8) 
(425.0) 
(533.3) 
Revenue less impairment 
312.3 
286.3 
26.0 
9.1 
12.5 
Costs 
(203.9) 
(197.8) 
(6.1) 
(3.1) 
(5.8) 
Interest expense 
(42.8) 
(34.0) 
(8.8) 
(25.9) 
(30.5) 
Reported profit before taxation 
65.6 
54.5 
11.1 
20.4 
 
Reported profit before taxation 
65.6 
54.5 
11.1 
20.4 
 
COVID-19 provision releases 
- 
(20.6) 
20.6 
n/a 
 
Underlying profit before taxation 
65.6 
33.9 
31.7 
93.5 
 
Revenue yield 
42.5% 
40.2% 
2.3 ppts 
 
 
Impairment rate 
0.7% 
(0.3%) 
(1.0) ppts 
 
 
Cost-income ratio 
64.3% 
69.5% 
5.2 ppts 
 
 
Pre-exceptional RORE 
21.3% 
20.7% 
0.6 ppts

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
HY 
2023 
£m 
HY 2022 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Change at 
CER 
% 
Customer numbers (000s) 
785 
786 
(1) 
(0.1) 
(0.1) 
Customer lending 
318.3 
288.1 
30.2 
10.5 
5.6 
Average gross receivables  
792.5 
722.0 
70.5 
9.8 
9.0 
Closing net receivables 
505.4 
441.4 
64.0 
14.5 
9.3 
Revenue 
192.2 
148.8 
43.4 
29.2 
23.8 
Impairment 
(27.1) 
(1.1) 
(26.0) 
(2,363.6) 
(2,610.0) 
Revenue less impairment 
165.1 
147.7 
17.4 
11.8 
7.0 
Costs 
(110.8) 
(99.0) 
(11.8) 
(11.9) 
(7.4) 
Interest expense 
(24.0) 
(19.1) 
(4.9) 
(25.7) 
(20.6) 
Reported profit before taxation 
30.3 
29.6 
0.7 
2.4 
 
Annualised Revenue yield 
45.6% 
40.7% 
4.9 ppts 
 
 
Annualised Impairment rate 
3.9% 
1.1% 
(2.8) ppts 
 
 
Annualised Cost-income ratio 
59.8% 
67.7% 
7.9 ppts 
 
 
Annualised Pre-exceptional RORE 
21.0% 
17.7% 
3.3 ppts 
 
 
 
Despite the challenging trading environment in Europe and ongoing concerns about the war in 
Ukraine, the Group delivered a 10% increase in customer lending in 2022. This was despite a decline 
in lending of 1.6% in the first quarter of 2022. This strong performance reflected steady growth in 
demand for credit from the second quarter onwards, and a very good operational performance in all 
four markets despite continued tight credit standards and the increase in the costs of living for 
consumers. 
Customer numbers reduced by 3% to 784,000, reflecting the weaker demand during the first quarter 
of 2022 and the Group’s decision to proactively tighten its credit settings for consumers with higher 
credit risk profiles as a precautionary measure in the fourth quarter of 2022. Customer numbers have 
increased slightly to 785,000 as of 30 June 2023. Customer repayment performance in HY 2023 
remained robust. Closing net receivables grew by 9.3% (at CER) to £505 million, reflecting the strong 
growth in customer lending. This, in turn, supported revenue growth of 24% (at CER) between the 
12-month period ended 30 June 2022 and the 12-month period ended 30 June 2023.  
The revenue yield improved from 40.2% in 2021 to 42.5% in 2022. As of 30 June 2023, annualised 
revenue yield was 45.6% (HY 2022: 40.7%), reflecting: (i) the reduction in customer accounts in 
stage 3 (which do not attract as much interest under IFRS 9) due to improved repayment 
performance post COVID-19; and (ii) actions to bolster the revenue yield, including modest price 
increases in all four countries and reduced promotional activity. These positive impacts to the yield 
in 2022 were partly offset by the impact of changes in rebates in Poland which meant that the Group 
refunds more of the service charge back to customers when they repay early (c. £12 million impact 
in 2022).  
Customer repayment performance during 2022 was strong which, together with tight credit 
standards, delivered an impairment rate of 0.7%, up from a credit of 0.3% in 2021. The 2021 metric 
benefited from COVID-19 provision releases of £20.6 million and, excluding this provision release 
the metric would have been 2.5%. The underlying improvement in the year reflected improved credit 
quality and strong execution on debt sale and centralised post-charge off recoveries which delivered 
approximately £15 million more in customer repayments than the relatively low level achieved in 
2021. Further, customer repayment performance remained robust in all of the Group’s European 
home credit markets which, together with tight credit standards, delivered an impairment rate of 3.9% 
for HY 2023, up from 1.1% in HY 2022, as rates began to normalise post-pandemic. The Group will 
continue to maintain tight credit standards in light of the ongoing uncertainty regarding the cost-of-
living crisis. 
The cost-income ratio showed a marked reduction of 5.2 ppts year on year to 64.3% as of 31 
December 2022 (2021: 69.5%) and showed a 7.9 ppts year on year reduction to 59.8% as of 30 
June 2023 from 67.7% as of 30 June 2022, reflecting the growth in lending and continued tight cost 
control across each of the Group’s businesses. The Group continue to drive more efficient processes 
and deliver greater synergies across the four countries it operates in this sector, including through 
the deployment of technology.  
The pre-exceptional RORE in European home credit strengthened from 20.7% in 2021 to 21.3% in 
2022. As of 30 June 2023, pre-exceptional RORE was 21.0% (HY 2022:17.7%) as a result of strong

--- Page 60 ---
60 
growth, a sound impairment performance and tight control of costs. This is in line with the Group’s 
expected returns from each of its divisions. The Group’s management believes that European home 
credit returns may be at a lower level in 2023 and 2024 as the Group transitions the Polish business 
to the new lower TCC. 
In advance of the new lower Polish TCC being enacted in December 2022 and as part of the Group’s 
strategy to enhance its product offering to existing and new customers, the Group launched its first 
credit card proposition in Poland. The new offering features a revolving credit limit and credit card 
that provides greater flexibility to its customers who can use it for both online and offline transactions. 
Funds can be withdrawn from ATMs or disbursed through customer representatives, and it is 
envisaged that repayments will, in the vast majority of cases, be collected by a customer 
representative, thus retaining the unique relationship they have with their customers. By 30 June 
2023, the Group has issued almost 53,000 cards to customers and expects to build the new portfolio 
to a broadly similar customer base that the Group has always served over the next two to three 
years. The Group estimates that the impact of the transition to its credit card product will reduce 
European home credit profits by between £15 million to £20 million in each of 2023 and 2024, after 
which the Group aims for its Polish business and European home credit business to return to 
delivering its target returns of approximately 20% RORE.  
More widely in European home credit, the Group will continue to expand its remote digital offering in 
the Czech Republic and examine the feasibility of a digital offering wherever it has a home credit 
business. The Group will also continue to closely monitor the impact of the macroeconomic 
uncertainty on customers’ disposable incomes and their demand for credit and will continue to 
maintain its strong credit standards. 
Mexico home credit 
Mexico home credit delivered strong growth and operational performance, reporting profit before tax 
of £17.7 million in 2022 (2021: £18.4 million). Excluding the benefit of COVID-19 impairment 
provision releases of £7.7 million in 2021, underlying profit before tax grew 65.4% in 2022. This trend 
continued in the first half of 2023, where profit before tax increased by 54% (£4.0 million) to £11.4 
million (HY 2022: £7.4 million). The detailed income statement and associated KPIs of the Mexico 
home credit segment of the Group’s business are set out below for (i) the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and (ii) the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 
2023: 
 
2022 
£m 
2021 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Change at 
CER 
% 
Customer numbers (000s) 
696 
654 
42 
6.4 
 
Customer lending 
257.4 
194.2 
63.2 
32.5 
16.8 
Closing net receivables 
158.5 
117.6 
40.9 
34.8 
14.2 
Revenue 
210.9 
146.0 
64.9 
44.5 
27.4 
Impairment 
(75.5) 
(33.8) 
(41.7) 
(123.4) 
(91.6) 
Revenue less impairment 
135.4 
112.2 
23.2 
20.7 
7.3 
Costs 
(107.8) 
(87.2) 
(20.6) 
(23.6) 
(10.7) 
Interest expense 
(9.9) 
(6.6) 
(3.3) 
(50.0) 
(32.0) 
Reported profit before taxation 
17.7 
 18.4 
(0.7) 
(3.8) 
 
Reported profit before taxation 
17.7 
18.4 
(0.7) 
(3.8) 
 
COVID-19 provision releases 
- 
(7.7) 
7.7 
n/a 
 
Underlying profit before 
taxation 
17.7 
10.7 
7.0 
65.4 
 
Revenue yield 
88.2% 
81.5% 
6.7 ppts 
 
 
Impairment rate 
31.6% 
 18.9% 
(12.7) ppts 
 
 
Cost-income ratio 
51.1% 
 59.7% 
8.6 ppts 
 
 
Pre-exceptional RORE 
19.2% 
27.1% 
(7.9) ppts

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
HY 
2023 
£m 
HY 
2022 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Change at 
CER 
% 
Customer numbers (000s) 
700 
676 
24 
3.6 
3.6 
Customer lending 
142.9 
116.4 
26.5 
22.8 
4.5 
Average gross receivables 
274.8 
201.2 
73.6 
36.6 
15.8 
Closing net receivables 
176.1 
140.8 
35.3 
25.1 
9.7 
Revenue 
125.4 
93.1 
32.3 
34.7 
14.8 
Impairment 
(44.0) 
(31.0) 
(13.0) 
(41.9) 
(21.5) 
Revenue less impairment 
81.4 
62.1 
19.3 
31.1 
11.5 
Costs 
(64.1) 
(50.4) 
(13.7) 
(27.2) 
(9.0) 
Interest expense 
(5.9) 
(4.3) 
(1.6) 
(37.2) 
(15.7) 
Reported profit before taxation 
11.4 
7.4 
4.0 
54.1 
 
Annualised Revenue yield 
88.5% 
86.5% 
2.0 ppts 
 
 
Annualised Impairment rate 
32.2% 
27.9% 
(4.3) ppts 
 
 
Annualised Cost-income ratio 
50.0% 
53.8% 
3.8 ppts 
 
 
Annualised RORE 
20.5% 
20.8% 
(0.3) ppts 
 
 
 
Mexico home credit delivered strong returns in a market with high demand for credit and significant 
growth potential. The Group’s growth strategy to capture Mexico’s potential centres on increasing 
penetration within its existing footprint and extending into new regions. The Group is also improving 
the customer experience and leveraging synergies with IPF Digital. The Group opened 660 new 
agencies in 2022 within or close to its current territory and launched a new region in the Northwest 
of Mexico (Tijuana) and new operations in Tampico in March 2023. The investments the Group made 
in expanding its reach, together with good customer demand, supported a 17% increase (at CER) 
in customer lending year on year in 2022 and a 6% rise in customers to 696,000 as of 31 December 
2022 and a 3.6% rise to 700,000 customers as of 30 June 2023.  
Closing net receivables increased by 14% (at CER) to £158.5 million at December 2022 which drove 
a significant increase in revenue of 27% year on year (at CER). Further, closing net receivables 
increased by 9.7% (at CER) to £176.1 million in the first half of 2023, which flowed into strong 
revenue growth of 14.8% year on year. The revenue yield improved from 81.5% in 2021 to a more 
normalised level of 88.2% in 2022, reflecting the reduction in customers in stage 3 which attract less 
interest under IFRS 9. During the peak of COVID-19, approximately 50% of customers were in stage 
3 compared with just under 30% at 2022. The annualised revenue yield further improved from 86.5% 
as of 30 June 2022 to 88.5% as of 30 June 2023. 
At the same time as delivering significant growth, the Group continued to maintain robust customer 
repayments. The impairment rate increased by 12.7 ppts to 31.6% year on year from over the period 
31 December 2021 to 31 December 2022, and to 32.2% over the period 30 June 2022 to 30 June 
2023 (HY 2022: 27.9%), reflecting the impact of IFRS 9 on a strongly growing receivables book as 
well as COVID-19 provisions released in 2021 no longer being included in the calculation (2021: 
£7.7 million). The rate was marginally above the Group’s target level for Mexico home credit of 
approximately 30%.  
In line with the Group’s growth strategy, it continued to invest in expanding its customer 
representative network and geographic footprint into the Northwest of Mexico which resulted in costs 
increasing by 10.7% (at CER) over the period 31 December 2021 to 31 December 2022, and by 
9.0% (at CER) over the period 30 June 2022 to 30 June 2023. However, the cost-income ratio 
improved by 8.6 ppts to 51.1% year on year over the period 31 December 2021 to 31 December 
2022 (2021: 59.7%), and by 3.8 ppts to 50% year on year over the period 30 June 2022 to 30 June 
2023 (HY 2022: 53.8%), demonstrating the benefit of operational leverage in this growing business 
and good cost control.  
Mexico home credit delivered a pre-exceptional RORE of 19.2% as of 31 December 2022 (2021: 
27.1%), only marginally below the Group’s upper target of 20%, and 20.5% as of 30 June 2023 (HY 
2022: 20.8%) despite delivering significant growth and opening new regions in Tijuana and Tampico. 
Investing in sustainable growth whilst maintaining target returns remains the Group’s key focus.  
The Group’s Mexico home credit business offers very exciting and significant long-term prospects. 
By successfully delivering on its strategy, the Group will continue to deliver sustainable growth to 
ensure consistent returns. The Group will enhance territory management to maximise customer 
reach within the current geographic footprint and selectively digitise the customer journey. The

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Group will also continue to build on the synergies developed with IPF Digital which is helping to 
provide financial services to more people in Mexico. 
In March 2022, SAT commenced a full scope audit of the Group’s main operating company in 
Mexico, Provident Mexico, with respect to its 2017 financial year. The Group has instigated the ADR 
procedure with the PRODECON, the Mexican Tax Ombudsman, as a means of resolving these 
disputes. See above “Risk Factors”.  
IPF Digital 
In 2022, IPF Digital delivered very positive growth momentum in all its ongoing markets and reported 
a profit before tax of £8.8 million in 2022 (2021: £8.7 million). Excluding the benefit of COVID-19 
impairment provision releases of £3.7 million in 2021, underlying profit before tax grew by 76.0% in 
2022. In the first half of 2023, IPF Digital reported a profit before tax of £4.1 million (HY 2022: £4.5 
million), a reduction of 8.9%. The detailed income statement and associated KPIs of IPF Digital are 
set out below for (i) the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and (ii) 
the half financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023: 
 
2022 
£m 
2021 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Change at 
CER 
% 
Customer numbers (000s) 
253 
263 
(10) 
(3.8) 
 
Customer lending 
232.0 
188.7 
43.3 
22.9 
21.5 
Closing net receivables 
209.3 
173.3 
36.0 
20.8 
13.9 
Revenue 
117.1 
118.0 
(0.9) 
(0.8) 
(1.3) 
Impairment 
(26.0) 
(24.0) 
(2.0) 
(8.3) 
(6.6) 
Revenue less impairment 
 91.1 
94.0 
(2.9) 
(3.1) 
(3.4) 
Costs 
(67.0) 
(72.0) 
5.0 
 6.9 
8.0 
Interest expense 
(15.3) 
(13.3) 
(2.0) 
(15.0) 
(15.0) 
Reported profit before taxation 
8.8 
8.7 
 0.1 
1.1 
 
Reported profit before taxation 
8.8 
8.7 
0.1 
1.1 
 
COVID-19 provision releases 
- 
(3.7) 
3.7 
n/a 
 
Underlying profit before taxation 
8.8 
5.0 
3.8 
76.0 
 
Revenue yield 
45.4% 
46.4% 
(1.0) ppts 
 
 
Impairment rate 
10.1% 
9.4% 
(0.7) ppts 
 
 
Cost-income ratio 
57.2% 
61.0% 
3.8 ppts 
 
 
Pre-exceptional RORE……… 
6.9% 
7.5% 
(0.6) ppts 
 
 
 
 
HY 2023 
£m 
HY 
2022 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Change at 
CER 
% 
Customer numbers (000s) 
233 
256 
(23) 
(9.0) 
(9.0) 
Customer lending 
117.6 
108.8 
8.8 
8.1 
2.8 
Average gross receivables 
receivables  
275.9 
247.4 
28.5 
11.5 
6.9 
Closing net receivables 
211.6 
187.7 
23.9 
12.7 
11.0 
Revenue 
62.4 
55.5 
6.9 
12.4 
6.7 
Impairment 
(18.1) 
(11.2) 
(6.9) 
(61.6) 
(49.6) 
Revenue less impairment 
44.3 
44.3 
- 
 - 
(4.5) 
Costs 
(32.2) 
(33.3) 
1.1 
3.3 
7.5 
Interest expense 
(8.0) 
(6.5) 
(1.5) 
(23.1) 
(17.6) 
Reported profit before taxation 
4.1 
4.5 
(0.4) 
(8.9) 
 
Annualised Revenue yield 
45.0% 
46.7% 
(1.7) ppts 
 
 
Annualised Impairment rate 
11.9% 
9.3% 
(2.6) ppts 
 
 
Annualised Cost-income ratio 
53.1% 
62.8% 
9.7 ppts 
 
 
Annualised RORE……… 
6.3% 
6.1% 
0.2 ppts 
 
 
 
The Group’s strategy to grow the IPF Digital business resulted from increased demand from 
consumers looking for end-to-end digital services, and the Group rebuilt receivables to gain scale 
and deliver its target returns following the closure of its businesses in Finland in 2020 and Spain in 
2021. All six ongoing countries of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Mexico and Australia (and the 
two collect-out countries of Finland and Spain) delivered a profit contribution in 2022. Moreover,

--- Page 63 ---
63 
2022 was the first year of Mexico and Australia businesses becoming profitable.  
The Group experienced very strong demand for credit in 2022 and delivered a 22% increase in 
customer lending year on year with Mexico (67%) and Australia (36%) growing particularly strongly, 
and Poland (26%) and the Baltic markets (22%) also delivering good growth. This trend continued 
with a 2.8% increase in customer lending in the first half of 2023, with Mexico (24%) and Australia 
(24%) continuing to grow strongly and the Baltic markets delivering good growth (13%). As of 30 
June 2023, the Group is serving 233,000 customers and excluding the impact of the portfolio collect 
outs in Finland and Spain, customer numbers increased by 7%, mainly driven by the strong growth 
in Mexico and Australia and the Baltics. The growth rate was heavily distorted by Poland, where 
changes to the regulatory landscape resulted in a decline in lending of approximately 30% and a 
20% reduction of customer numbers as of 30 June 2023. 
The strong growth in lending resulted in closing net receivables ending 2022 at £209 million, an 
increase of 14% (at CER). The growth was delivered despite a £12 million reduction in receivables 
in Finland and Spain, where the collect-outs have exceeded expectations. Excluding the collect-out 
portfolios, net receivables growth of 22% (at CER) in 2022 was delivered despite continued tight 
credit standards, with Mexico (63%) and Australia (37%) delivering the most significant growth whilst 
the Baltic markets also delivered growth of 13%. The receivables book in Poland showed a modest 
reduction as the Group closed its ‘Hapi’ brand to improve returns. In the first half of 2023, closing net 
receivables increased by 11% (at CER) driven by Mexico, Australia and the Baltics, and partly offset 
by a reduction in Poland. 
The revenue yield decreased marginally from 46.4% in 2021 to 45.4% in 2022. For the first half of 
2023, the reduction was 1.7 ppts to 45.0% (HY 2022: 46.7%). This resulted from the impact of a 
combination of factors: (i) a tighter rate cap in Latvia; (ii) the reduction in higher yielding Finland 
receivables during the collect-out; (iii) the impact of increased competition which has resulted in price 
reductions in Lithuania; and (iv) the growth in Australia which is relatively lower yielding. These 
adverse variances have been partly offset by the growth in Mexico which has a higher revenue yield. 
The impairment rate increased marginally from 9.4% in 2021 to 10.1% in 2022 and the annualised 
impairment rate increased from 9.3% as at 30 June 2022 to 11.9% as at 30 June 2023. In 2022, 
£3.7 million release of Covid-19 provisions benefited the impairment rate in 2021 and excluding this 
release, the impairment rate in 2021 would have been 10.7% showing an underlying improvement 
of 0.8ppts. The improvement mainly reflects the strong collect-out performance in Finland and Spain 
which have exceeded expectations. The changes in the first half of 2023 are mainly due to the growth 
in lending in Mexico which carries a higher impairment rate as well as the rundown of the Finland 
and Spain receivables portfolios which incur minimal impairment as it has already been accounted 
for up front under IFRS 9.  
Although the Group continued to invest in developing its product offering and marketing to attract 
new customers and build scale, tight control on costs delivered an 8% (at CER) reduction in costs 
during 2022 and this was reflected in the cost-income ratio which decreased by 3.8 ppts to 57.2% 
(2021: 61.0%). For the first half of 2023, there was a 7.5% (at CER) reduction in costs year on year 
over the period 30 June 2022 to 30 June 2023 and this was reflected in the cost-income ratio which 
decreased significantly by 9.7 ppts to 53.1% (HY 2022: 62.8%). 
IPF Digital’s pre-exceptional RORE in 2022 was 6.9% and 6.3% in the first half of 2023, relatively 
unchanged from 7.5% in 2021 which benefited from the release of COVID-19 provision of £3.7 
million. Although IPF Digital currently lacks scale following COVID-19 and the closure of Finland and 
Spain, the Group has strong organic growth opportunities in its existing markets, particularly Mexico 
and Australia, and it will continue to consider inorganic opportunities to deliver scale and increase 
returns to its target levels.  
In 2023, the Group will continue to extend the reach of its mobile wallet in Latvia, Estonia and 
Lithuania and will also continue to expand the new hybrid lending opportunities that the Group’s 
digital and home credit businesses are partnering on in Mexico as well as launching a modified 
mobile wallet offering there. 
5.6 
Taxation overview 
The pre-exceptional taxation charge on the profit for 2022 was £31.1 million, which represented an 
effective tax rate for the year of approximately 40% (2021: 38%). The pre-exceptional taxation 
charge on the profit for the first half of 2023 of £15.1 million (HY 2022: £13.5 million) has been based 
on an expected tax rate for the full year of approximately 40% (HY 2022: 40%). The higher tax rate

--- Page 64 ---
64 
in 2022 resulted from the normalisation of impairment charges in Poland following COVID-19. In 
Poland, the Group received a tax deduction for only a small portion of its bad debts. The 2022 full-
year audited results reflected a net exceptional tax credit of £10.5 million comprising three items: 
1. 
following a favourable Supreme Administrative Court decision, the Group’s Polish subsidiary 
successfully obtained a Ministry of Finance ruling confirming the tax deductibility of certain 
expenses linked to intra-group transactions in respect of years 2018 onwards. These 
expenses had originally been disallowed following the introduction of new legislation with 
more restrictive rules during 2017. The returns for years 2018 to 2021 have been re-filed 
with the Polish tax authorities along with claims for repayment of £27.4 million, of which £26 
million was received in 2022. A further benefit is estimated at £3.5 million comprising a 
reduction in the 2022 corporate income tax liability of £1.5 million and a reduction in 
subsequent years' liabilities of £2 million. As a result, an exceptional tax credit of £30.9 
million was recognised in 2022, with £1.4 million reflected as a current tax asset (in respect 
of claims submitted but not refunded at the year-end) and £2 million held as a deferred tax 
asset on the balance sheet. The £1.4 million of outstanding refunds were received in March 
2023;   
2. 
an exceptional tax charge of £15.3 million has arisen following the derecognition of the non-
current asset previously held in respect of the Group’s finance company arrangements. This 
stems from the decision by the General Court of the European Union in June 2022 
confirming the EC’s earlier decision that the United Kingdom’s Group Financing Exemption 
constitutes partial illegal state aid; and 
3. 
an exceptional tax charge of £5.1 million has been reflected relating to the Hungarian 
government’s announcement in June 2022 which introduced a series of temporary taxes 
aimed at raising revenue to support the armed forces in view of the ongoing war in Ukraine 
and protect households against rising energy costs. The new tax package, which was 
passed by Government Decree, included a new “extra profit special tax” chargeable on the 
financial sector including non-bank financial institutions, and which is payable in respect of 
2022 and 2023 only. In June 2023, Hungary announced an extension of the “extra profit 
special tax” for 2024. Taken together, these measures increased the tax payable by the 
Group’s Hungarian subsidiary by approximately £5.1 million in 2022, with an estimated 
further £4 million payable in respect of 2023 and an estimated £2 million in respect of 
2024.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
6. 
Treasury risk management and funding 
Risk management 
There are Board-approved policies to address the key treasury risks that the business faces – 
funding and liquidity risk, financial market risk (currency and interest rate risk) and counterparty risk. 
The policies are designed to provide robust risk management, even in more volatile financial markets 
and economic conditions within the Group’s planning horizon. 
The Group’s funding policy requires it to maintain a resilient funding position for the existing business 
and for future growth in each market. The Group aims to maintain a prudent level of headroom on 
undrawn bank facilities. The Group’s currency policy addresses economic currency exposures and 
requires it to fund its currency receivables with currency borrowings (directly or indirectly) to achieve 
a high level of balance sheet hedging. The Group chooses not to hedge the translational risk of 
foreign currency movements on accounting profits and losses. The Group’s interest rate policy 
requires it to hedge interest rate risk in each currency to a relatively high level. The Group’s 
counterparty policy requires financial counterparties (including hedging counterparties) to which the 
Group has exposures to have at least a BBB rating, except as approved, or delegated for approval, 
by the Board. In addition to these policies, the Group’s operational procedures and controls ensure 
that funds are available in the right currency at the right time to serve its customers throughout the 
Group. 
The currency structure of the Group’s debt facilities matches the asset and cash flow profile of its 
business. The Group has local currency bank facilities and bonds, and its main €341.2 million (£293 
million) (figures as at 30 June 2023) issuance of Euro-denominated Notes provides direct funding to 
its markets using the Euro currency, and to markets using other currencies via foreign exchange 
transactions.  
Debt funding is provided through a diversified debt portfolio at competitive cost with appropriate 
terms and conditions. The Group has Notes outstanding denominated in Euro, Sterling and Swedish 
Krona, wholesale and retail, with varying maturities, together with facilities from a group of banks 
with a good strategic and geographic fit with its business. The Group’s debt is senior unsecured 
debt, with all lenders substantially in the same structural position. The Group maintains the 
Programme as the main platform for bond issuances across a range of currencies. This achieves 
further diversification and reinforces the Group’s corporate position in that market. The Group’s debt 
funding strategy has been successful over a number of years, and it has a consistent record of 
accessing debt markets throughout the economic cycle. 
Funding 
As at 30 June 2023, the Group had total debt facilities of £609.4 million (£413 million bonds and 
£196 million bank facilities) and borrowings of £523.0 million, with headroom on undrawn facilities 
and non-operational cash balances of £84 million. The Group’s debt funding position is summarised 
in the table below.  
 
 
*Total Borrowings does not include unamortised arrangement fees of £4.8 million. 
 
Maturity 
£m 
Bonds 
 
 
Euro .............................................................................. 
November 2025 
293 
Swedish Krona ............................................................. 
October 2024 
  33 
Sterling…………………………………………………… 
December 2023 
  40 
Sterling ......................................................................... 
December 2027 
  47 
Total Bonds ................................................................. 
 
413 
Bank Facilities .............................................................. 
2023-2026 
196 
Total Debt facilities .................................................... 
 
609 
Total Borrowings* ......................................................... 
 
523 
Non-operational cash balances.................................... 
 
  81 
Headroom against debt facilities .................................. 
 
    3 
Headroom on undrawn bank facilities and non-
operational cash balances ........................................ 
 
  84

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Despite the difficult macroeconomic backdrop, the Group successfully extended £169 million of bank 
facilities and refinanced £40 million of retail bonds in 2022. The weighted average maturity profile of 
its sources of funding as at 31 December 2022 was 2.5 years. In addition, consistent with the Group’s 
normal practice, in December 2022 the Group refinanced its £78 million sterling retail bond maturing 
in December 2023, one year in advance of its maturity. The new retail bond has a maturity of 
December 2027 and carries a coupon of 12%, compared with the previous sterling bond which 
carried a coupon of 7.75% with the increase reflective of the rise in UK gilt prices and the iTraxx 
crossover rate. In total, £38 million of the original bond was exchanged into the new bond with a 
further £2 million of new retail bonds issued. In addition, a further £10 million of bonds were retained 
by the Group and will be issued to the market in due course. The £40 million of the original retail 
bonds which were not exchanged will be repaid in line with their maturity in December 2023. The 
Group is continuing to actively seek new sources of funding in addition to its strong in-country bank 
relationships and its access to debt capital markets. The Group successfully extended £39 million of 
debt facilities in the first half of 2023, including £32 million of bank facilities and the issue of £7 million 
of retail bonds held in treasury. The debt maturity profile of the Group as at 30 June 2023 stands at 
2.1 years. Together with the Group’s advisors, the Group is actively exploring a number of options 
to extend its debt maturity profile and refinance its Eurobonds. 
The Group’s blended cost of funding for 2022 was 13.3%, up from 11.3% in 2021. For the first half 
of 2023 the Group’s blended cost of funding was 14.0%, up from 12.2% in HY 2022. This resulted 
from increased interest rates across the Group’s markets which has resulted in higher costs of bank 
funding and hedging. An analysis of the Group’s interest costs and funding rate is set out below: 
  
HY 2023  
£m 
HY 2022 
£m 
2022  
£m 
2021 
 £m 
Bond costs 
21.4 
19.2 
40.7 
41.2 
Bank funding cost 
6.5 
 2.7 
8.2 
3.4 
Hedging costs 
8.2 
 6.6 
16.7 
6.3 
Other 
1.8 
 1.3 
2.5 
3.1 
Total interest 
37.9 
30.0 
68.1 
54.0 
Average gross borrowings 
523.6 
490.0 
509.3 
478.5 
Cost of funding % 
14.0% 
12.2% 
13.3% 
11.3% 
 
The Group has an equity to receivables ratio as at 31 December 2022 of 51.2% (2021: 51.2%), and 
51.8% as of 30 June 2023 (HY 2022: 52.4%). 
By maintaining a strong financial profile, the Group operates with adequate headroom on the key 
financial covenants in its debt facilities, as set out in the tables below: 
 
Covenant 
 
HY 2023 
 
HY 2022 
2022 
2021 
Gearing* ............................  
Max 3.75x 
1.2x 
1.3x 
1.3x 
1.3x 
Interest Cover ....................  
Min 2x 
2.2x 
2.4x 
2.3x 
2.5x 
 
*Borrowings adjusted for lease liabilities, unamortised arrangement fees and issue discount. Net 
assets adjusted for pension assets and derivative financial instruments, in accordance with the 
debt funding covenant definitions. 
Foreign exchange on reserves 
The majority of the Group’s net assets are denominated in its operating currencies and, therefore, 
the sterling value fluctuates with changes in currency exchange rates. In accordance with accounting 
standards, the Group has restated the opening foreign currency net assets at the 31 December 2022 
exchange rate and this resulted in a £42 million foreign exchange movement, which has been 
credited to the foreign exchange reserve. Further, the foreign exchange reserve as at 30 June 2023 
was £13 million, resulting in a £55 million foreign exchange gain over the 18 months from 31 
December 2021 to 30 June 2023.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
7. 
The Group’s governance and oversight structure 
7.1 
Role of the Board 
The role of the Board is to represent shareholders and promote and protect the interests of the Group 
in the short and long-term. There is a schedule of matters reserved for the decision of the Board, 
which includes: approval of strategy and determining the nature and extent of significant risks the 
Group is willing to take; Board and committee composition and committee terms of reference; annual 
budgets, significant project expenditure and funding strategy; and approval of the Annual Report and 
Financial Statements and regulatory announcements. 
The Board has established certain principal committees to assist it in fulfilling its oversight 
responsibilities, providing dedicated focus on particular areas. Each committee chair reports to the 
Board on the committee’s activities after each meeting. 
7.2 
Board committees 
The Board delegates authority to the following Board committees which are responsible for 
maintaining effective governance: 
• 
Nominations and Governance Committee; 
• 
Audit and Risk Committee; 
• 
Remuneration Committee; and 
• 
Disclosure Committee. 
The Chair of each Committee briefs the whole Board at each Board meeting on the principal items 
that were discussed, decisions and issues. 
7.3 
Corporate governance 
The Issuer complied, throughout the year ended 31 December 2022, with all the provisions of the 
UK Corporate Governance Code as published by the Financial Reporting Council, with one 
exception, for Code Provisions 40 and 41 (engagement with shareholders and the workforce 
specifically in relation to remuneration). The Company complies with the requirement in relation to 
shareholders but has not undertaken this activity with employees in 2022. It is envisaged that this 
will be actioned in 2023 and reported on in its 2023 Annual Report. 
7.4 
Risk management  
The Group has a robust framework for the identification, evaluation and management of key risks, 
operating a ‘three lines of defence’ strategy. 
First line: 
• 
Group Risk Owner: - Provides oversight of risk management effectiveness and leadership 
for the risk category. Designs the risk management strategy for their area and advises the 
local risk owner around implementation. 
• 
Local Risk Owner: - The Group has a local risk owner in each business unit for each risk 
category. The local risk owner identifies, assesses and manages risks in their business and 
work closely with the Control Owner in the risk control phase. 
• 
Control Owner: - Executes risk control and actions within their remit as requested by the 
Local Risk Owner. 
Second line: 
• 
Risk Advisory Group (RAG) Chair:  - Establishes the ERM framework and strategy and also 
provides assurance over the ERM process. 
• 
RM function: - Supports the RAG Chair with implementation of the ERM framework and 
facilitation of the quarterly risk assessment process. 
Third line: 
• 
Internal Audit: - Internal Audit reviews the operation and oversight of the systems of internal 
control, including risk management.

--- Page 68 ---
Board of Directors 
Determines the nature and extent of principal risks we are 
wiling to take to achieve strategic objectives 
A 
Audit and Risk Committee 
Reviews the processes for management of principal risks 
old internal control systems on behalf d the Board 
Risk Advisory Group 
Supports the Audt and Risk Committee in reviewing 
risk exposure levels against risk appetite 
t
Management team 
Responsible tar the Clan:4W net management 
and eternal toned systems 
 
68 
• 
The Group Head of Internal Audit reports independently to the Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee. 
7.5 
Risk and governance oversight structure

--- Page 69 ---
69 
8. 
Directors 
The following table sets out a list of directors of IPF and the principal activities performed by them 
outside IPF where these are significant to IPF as at the date of this Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Other principal activities 
Stuart Sinclair 
Chair 
Non-executive director and chair of 
Willis Ltd. 
Gerard Ryan 
Chief Executive Officer 
None 
Gary Thompson 
Chief Financial Officer 
None 
Richard Holmes 
Senior Independent 
Non-executive director 
Advisor to Revolut UK Ltd, non- 
executive director of Itau BBA 
International PLC and a trustee of 
the Barry and Peggy High 
Charitable Foundation. 
Katrina Cliffe 
Independent Non-
executive director 
With effect from 1 May 2023 Non-
executive Director of DCC plc. 
Deborah Davis 
Independent Non-
executive director 
Non-executive chair of Diaceutics 
PLC, non-executive director of 
Lloyds Banking Group Insurance 
Board, The Institute of Directors and 
IDEX Biometrics and a trustee of 
Southern African Conservation Trust 
in South Africa. 
Aileen Wallace 
Independent Non-
executive director 
Non-executive director Hodge 
Group Board and Hodge Bank 
(Chair of Innovation Committee and 
Remuneration Committee and 
Workforce NED); Non-executive 
director of Target Group Ltd (Chair 
of Group Risk Committee). 
 
The business address of each of the directors is 26 Whitehall Road, Leeds LS12 1BE. 
The Board may, subject to and in accordance with, the provisions of its articles of association, 
authorise any matter which would otherwise involve a director breaching his duty under the 
Companies Act to avoid conflicts of interest. Where the Board gives authority in relation to a conflict 
of interest the Board may (a) require the relevant director to be excluded from the receipt of 
information, the participation in discussion and/or the making of decisions related to the conflict of 
interest; (b) impose upon the relevant director such other terms for the purpose of dealing with the 
conflict of interest as it may determine; and (c) provide that the relevant director will not be obliged 
to disclose information that is confidential to a third party and obtained otherwise than through his 
position as a director of IPF, or to use or apply the information in relation to IPF’s affairs, where to 
do so would amount to a breach of that confidence. The Board may revoke or vary such authority at 
any time. 
The above paragraph details how future potential conflicts of interests not known as at the date of 
this Prospectus are to be addressed by IPF and the directors, should any such potential conflicts 
arise. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, save for the fact that any of the directors of the Issuer may purchase 
and hold Notes issued under the Programme from time to time (which would make them creditors of 
the Issuer in their personal capacity for so long as they held the Notes), there are no potential 
conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors of the Issuer to the Issuer and their private 
interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Director Profiles 
Stuart Sinclair 
Chair, age 70 
Length of service: 3 years  
Appointments and qualifications: Stuart is a non-executive director and chair of Willis Limited. He 
was previously a non-executive director and chair of the remuneration committee for Lloyds Banking 
Group plc, chair of the Platinum Bank in Kyiv, senior independent director and chair of the risk 
committee at QBE Insurance (Europe) Limited, interim chair and senior independent director at 
Provident Financial Group plc, senior independent director and chair of the risk committee at Swinton 
Group Ltd, non-executive director of PruHealth/Vitality Ltd and Universal Insurance Inc. and also a 
council member of the Royal Institute of International Affairs. He was president and COO at Aspen 
Insurance, president and CEO at GE Capital, China, Chief Executive of Tesco Personal Finance 
and Director of UK Retail Banking at The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc. Stuart holds a master’s 
degree in Economics and a Master’s in Business Administration from the University of California. He 
is the author of three books and several UN reports in economics. 
Key strengths and contributions: Stuart is a highly experienced non-executive director, committee 
chair and senior independent director with a background in consumer financial services. 
Gerard Ryan 
Chief Executive Officer, age 58 
Length of service: 11 years 
Appointments and qualifications: Gerard was previously CEO for Citigroup’s consumer finance 
businesses in the Western Europe, Middle East and Africa regions. He was a director of Citi 
International plc, Egg plc and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney UK. Earlier in his career, Gerard was 
CFO of Garanti Bank, Turkey and CEO of GE Money Bank, Prague. He is a Fellow of the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Key strengths and contributions: Gerard is an inspirational leader and an effective and objective 
implementer of strategy with over 30 years’ multi-country experience in consumer financial services. 
Gary Thompson 
Chief Financial Officer, age 50 
Length of service: 12 months 
Appointments and qualifications: Gary was previously Finance Director of Vanquis Bank Limited, the 
major subsidiary of Provident Financial plc, following a number of finance roles, including Director of 
Group Finance and Investor Relations, at Provident Financial Group plc. He qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant with PricewaterhouseCoopers and spent 10 years working in professional practice. He 
is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
Key strengths and contributions: Gary has over 20 years’ financial experience spent in both the 
accounting and corporate sectors. 
Richard Holmes 
Senior independent non-executive director, age 70 
Length of service: 3 years 
Appointments and qualifications: Richard is an advisor to Revolut UK Ltd, a non-executive director 
of Itau BBA International PLC and a trustee of the Barry and Peggy High Charitable Foundation. He 
previously held roles as a non-executive director and member of the audit, risk and sustainability 
committees for Ulster Bank Ireland DAC Ltd, non-executive director for British Growth Fund, chair 
of the Financial Services Council at Central Bank of Ireland, non-executive director of the British 
Bankers Association, CEO for Europe at Standard Chartered plc, chair and chief executive of 
American Express Bank at American Express Company and executive vice president of private bank 
at Bank of America Corporation. Richard holds a degree and master’s degree in Economics and is 
a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Key strengths and contributions: Richard is an experienced former senior executive with over 40 
years of broad international financial services experience, including 20 years as CEO and board 
member in private banking, wholesale banking, capital markets, trading operations, strategy and 
finance. 
Deborah Davis 
Independent non-executive director, age 60 
Length of service: 4 years 
Appointments and qualifications: Deborah is currently a non-executive director and chair of 
Diaceutics PLC, a non-executive director of Lloyds Banking Group Insurance Board, the Institute of 
Directors in the UK and IDEX Biometrics in Norway, and a trustee of Southern African Conservation 
Trust in South Africa. Deborah was previously Vice President of Global Partnerships, and Vice 
President of Global Risk Operations, at PayPal based in London and Vice President of European 
Operations for eBay Marketplaces based in Germany. She was also a member of The Digital 
Banking Club Advisory Panel and non-executive director of Intelligent Environments Ltd. 
Key strengths and contributions: Deborah provides valuable strategic and operational insights on 
growth and expansion of digital capabilities as well as customer experience, innovation and 
governance. 
Katrina Cliffe 
Independent non-executive director, age 56 
Length of service: 12 months 
Appointments and qualifications: Katrina recently stepped down from the board as a non-executive 
and Senior Independent director of Homeserve plc. Her appointment to the Board of DCC plc will 
take effect from 1 May 2023. She also previously held senior roles at American Express, Lloyds TSB 
Group PLC, Goldfish Bank and MBNA International Bank and has been a non-executive director at 
London and Country Mortgages Limited, Shop Direct Finance Company Limited, Cembra Money 
Bank AG and Naked Wines plc. Katrina holds a degree in Archaeology and Anthropology from the 
University of Cambridge. 
Key strengths and contributions: Katrina has extensive experience of financial services and brings 
a breadth of executive expertise in retail financial services, credit cards, customer service and 
marketing. 
Aileen Wallace 
Independent non-executive director, age 52 
Length of service: 7 months 
Aileen’s current external appointments include non-executive director roles at Hodge Group and 
Hodge Bank (and Chair of the Innovation and the Remuneration Committees), and Target Group Ltd 
(and Chair of the Group Risk Committee). Aileen has previously held executive director positions at 
the Co-operative Bank (and Chair of ESG Committee), Yorkshire Bank Home Loans and Australia 
Bank, and head of and director roles at CYBG Plc. 
Key strengths and contributions: Aileen has a wealth of both senior executive financial services and 
transformational leadership experience including both business build-out and digitally enabled 
growth. Aileen’s addition to the Board will particularly enhance board discussions focused on 
technology strategy and innovation.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF 
INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL FINANCE PLC 
The financial summary set out below in relation to the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021, and the half-year ended 30 June 2023, has been extracted without material 
adjustment from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021 and the unaudited results of the Issuer for the half-year 
ended 30 June 2023. Such selected financial information should be read together with such 
consolidated financial statements. The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 and the unaudited results of the Issuer 
for the half-year ended 30 June 2023 are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
 
Consolidated income statement 
Unaudited  
Unaudited  
Audited 
Audited 
six months 
six months 
Year ended 
Year ended 
ended  
30 June 
ended 30 
June 
31  
December 
31  
December 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
£m 
 
£m 
£m 
Revenue 
380.0 
297.4 
645.5 
548.7 
Impairment 
(89.2) 
(43.3) 
(106.7) 
(56.2) 
Revenue less impairment 
290.8 
254.1 
538.8 
492.5 
Interest expense 
(37.9) 
(30.0) 
(68.1) 
(54.0) 
Other operating costs 
(62.2) 
(57.9) 
(121.5) 
(111.4) 
Administrative expenses 
(152.9) 
(132.4) 
(271.8) 
(259.4) 
Total costs 
(253.0) 
(220.3) 
(461.4) 
(424.8) 
Profit before taxation 
37.8 
33.8 
77.4 
67.7 
Pre-exceptional tax expense 
(15.1) 
(13.5) 
(31.1) 
(25.8) 
Exceptional tax income/(expense) 
(4.0) 
10.5 
10.5 
– 
Total tax expense 
(19.1) 
(3.0) 
(20.6) 
(25.8) 
Profit after taxation attributable to 
owners of the Issuer 
 
18.7 
 
30.8 
 
56.8 
41.9

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Unaudited 
Unaudited 
Audited 
Audited 
Six months 
ended 
Six months 
ended 
Year  
ended 
Year  
ended 
30 June 
30 June 
31 December 
31 December 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
£m 
£m 
£m 
£m 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Goodwill 
23.4 
23.4 
24.2 
22.9 
Intangible assets 
28.7 
24.9 
27.9 
25.2 
Property, plant and equipment 
16.1 
16.9 
17.3 
13.8 
Right-of-use asset 
19.4 
18.5 
19.3 
17.7 
Deferred tax assets 
144.9 
136.1 
138.5 
124.7 
Non-current tax asset 
- 
- 
- 
15.3 
Retirement benefit asset 
0.9 
6.7 
2.1 
4.9 
Amounts receivable from customers 
201.5 
179.2 
212.2 
150.2 
434.9 
405.7 
441.5 
374.7 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 
 
 
 
Amounts receivable from customers 
691.6 
590.7 
656.6 
566.6 
Derivative financial instruments 
1.0 
3.0 
4.5 
0.7 
Cash and cash equivalents 
28.2 
43.7 
50.7 
41.7 
Other receivables 
16.2 
15.6 
16.2 
14.0 
Current tax assets 
1.6 
29.0 
1.6 
1.6 
738.6 
682.0 
729.6 
624.6 
Total assets 
1,173.5 
1,087.7 
1,171.1 
999.3 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings 
(59.5) 
(28.6) 
(71.8) 
(3.1) 
Derivative financial instruments 
(12.9) 
(5.9) 
(4.6) 
(7.6) 
Trade and other payables 
(129.5) 
(123.0) 
(122.2) 
(112.8) 
Obligations under finances leases 
(8.1) 
(6.9) 
(7.2) 
(6.4) 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
(3.4) 
(2.6) 
(4.7) 
(5.4) 
Current tax liabilities 
(14.5) 
(17.2) 
(18.3) 
(8.2) 
(227.9) 
(184.2) 
(228.8) 
(143.5) 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax liabilities 
(5.9) 
(7.9) 
(5.9) 
(7.9) 
Borrowings 
(463.5) 
(479.0) 
(477.0) 
(468.5) 
Obligations under finances leases 
(13.3) 
(12.8) 
(14.2) 
(12.3) 
(482.7) 
(499.7) 
(497.1) 
(488.7) 
Total liabilities 
(710.6) 
(683.9) 
(725.9) 
(632.2) 
Net assets 
462.9 
403.8 
445.2 
367.1 
 
 
 
 
Equity attributable to owners of the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
Called-up share capital 
23.4 
23.4 
23.4 
23.4 
Other reserve 
(22.5) 
(22.5) 
(22.5) 
(22.5) 
Foreign exchange reserve 
21.9 
(13.7) 
9.2 
(32.6) 
Hedging reserve 
(0.7) 
(1.2) 
0.1 
1.6 
Own Shares 
(36.9) 
(44.5) 
(43.3) 
(46.6) 
Capital redemption reserve 
2.3 
2.3 
2.3 
2.3 
Retained earnings 
475.4 
460.0 
476.0 
441.5 
Total equity 
462.9 
403.8 
445.2 
367.1

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
Unaudited 
Unaudited 
Audited 
Audited 
Six months 
ended 
Six months 
ended 
Year 
 ended 
Year  
ended 
30 June 
30 June 31 December 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
£m 
£m 
£m 
£m 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
 
 
Continuing operations 
 
 
 
 
Cash generated from operating activities 
85.1 
23.0 
58.8 
74.3 
Finance costs paid 
(23.3) 
(15.3) 
(65.2) 
(52.7) 
Finance income received 
- 
- 
- 
– 
Income tax paid 
(22.6) 
(9.0) 
5.5 
(46.4) 
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities 
39.2 
(1.3) 
(0.9) 
(24.8) 
Cash flows used in investing activities 
 
 
 
 
Purchases of intangible assets 
(7.5) 
(5.4) 
(14.7) 
(10.3) 
Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
(1.6) 
(6.0) 
(9.1) 
(5.1) 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
- 
0.2 
0.3 
0.2 
Net cash used in investing activities 
(9.1) 
(11.2) 
(23.5) 
(15.2) 
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating and 
investing activities 
 
30.1 
 
(12.5) 
 
(24.4) 
(40.0) 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds from borrowings 
11.9 
31.4 
99.3 
49.4 
Repayment of borrowings 
(44.9) 
(0.3) 
(43.6) 
(62.9) 
Principal elements of lease payments 
(5.7) 
(4.5) 
(9.2) 
(9.9) 
Shares acquired by employee trust 
(0.3) 
(0.4) 
(0.4) 
(3.9) 
Dividends paid to Company shareholders 
(14.6) 
(12.9) 
(18.9) 
(4.9) 
Cash received on options exercised  
0.3 
- 
- 
- 
Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities 
(53.3) 
13.3 
27.2 
(32.2) 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 
(23.2) 
0.8 
2.8 
(72.2) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
50.7 
41.7 
41.7 
116.3 
Exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents 
0.7 
1.2 
6.2 
(2.4) 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
28.2 
43.7 
50.7 
41.7 
 
Guarantor Statutory Accounts 
As is set out in the Organisational Structure at page 43 and as described below, the Guarantors are 
intermediate holding companies which together with the Issuer on a consolidated basis through their 
direct and indirectly-held subsidiaries, in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 cumulatively represented all of the Group's revenues, all of the value of the Group 
in terms of gross assets, all of the Group in terms of profit and all of the Group in terms of EBITDA, other 
than IPF Investments Polska z o.o. which is inactive with no business operations. The audited 
unconsolidated accounts of each Guarantor in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021 are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. See under “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” on page 82. 
Each Guarantor has prepared audited unconsolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021. The unconsolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted 
international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. They 
have not been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in 
the European Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. There are no material differences 
between the accounting standards used in preparing the Guarantor’s financial statements for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 and IFRS. 
In respect of the audited unconsolidated accounts of each Guarantor, Deloitte LLP have prepared their 
audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”). ISAs (UK) is based on 
the International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) of the same title that have been issued by the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”), published by the International 
Federation of Accountants (“IFAC”), and are used with the permission of IFAC.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS 
As is set out in the Organisational Structure at page 43 and described below, the Guarantors are 
intermediate holding companies which together with the Issuer on a consolidated basis through their 
direct and indirectly held subsidiaries, in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 cumulatively represented all of the Group's revenues, all of the value of the 
Group in terms of gross assets, all of the Group in terms of profit and all of the Group in terms of 
EBITDA, other than IPF Investments Polska z o.o. which is inactive with no business operations.  
The audited unconsolidated accounts of each Guarantor are incorporated by reference into to this 
Prospectus. See under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on page 82. 
1. 
IPF Holdings Limited 
IPF Holdings Limited is a private limited company incorporated and registered in England and 
Wales on 29 October 1980 as a company limited by shares with registered number 01525242. 
Its registered office is at 26 Whitehall Road, Leeds LS12 1BE and the telephone number of 
its registered office is +44 (0) 113 539 5466. The operations of IPF Holdings Limited are 
subject to English company law, in particular the Companies Act. 
IPF Holdings Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer and its principal business 
activity is to act as the intermediate holding company of International Personal Finance 
Investments Limited and IPF Financial Services Limited. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the directors of IPF Holdings Limited are Thomas Crane, 
Gary Thompson and Douglas James Kleppen.  
2. 
International Personal Finance Investments Limited 
International Personal Finance Investments Limited is a private limited company incorporated 
and registered in England and Wales on 28 August 1969 as a company limited by shares 
with registered number 00961088. Its registered office is at 26 Whitehall Road, Leeds LS12 
1BE and the telephone number of its registered office is +44 (0) 113 539 5466. The operations 
of International Personal Finance Investments Limited are subject to English company law, 
in particular the Companies Act. 
International Personal Finance Investments Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of IPF 
Holdings Limited and its principal business activity is to act as the intermediate holding 
company of the Group’s operating subsidiaries. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the directors of International Personal Finance Investments 
Limited are Thomas Crane, Gary Thompson and Douglas James Kleppen. 
3. 
IPF International Limited 
IPF International Limited is a private limited company incorporated and registered in England 
and Wales on 14 March 1963 as a company limited by shares with registered number 
00753518. Its registered office is at 26 Whitehall Road, Leeds LS12 1BE and the telephone 
number of its registered office is +44 (0) 113 539 5466. The operations of IPF International 
Limited are subject to English company law, in particular the Companies Act. 
IPF International Limited is an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of International Personal 
Finance Investments Limited and principal business activities are to provide services and 
business know-how to fellow subsidiary undertakings. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the directors of IPF International Limited are Thomas Crane, 
Gary Thompson and Douglas James Kleppen. 
4. 
IPF Digital Group Limited 
IPF Digital Group Limited is a private limited company incorporated and registered in England 
and Wales on 18 December 2006 as a company limited by shares with registered number 
06032184. Its registered office is at 26 Whitehall Road, Leeds LS12 1BE and the telephone 
number of its registered office is +44 (0) 113 539 5466. The operations of IPF Digital Group 
Limited are subject to English company law, in particular the Companies Act. 
IPF Digital Group Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer and its principal business 
activity is to act as the intermediate holding company of IPF Digital AS.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the directors of IPF Digital Group Limited are Thomas Crane, 
Gary Thompson, Douglas James Kleppen, and Povilas Girčys.  
5. 
Business Address of the Directors 
The business address of each of the directors of the Guarantors is c/o 26 Whitehall Road, 
Leeds LS12 1BE. 
6. 
Other Principal Activities and No Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Prospectus, none of the directors of the Guarantors is engaged in any 
other principal activities which are significant with respect to the Issuer. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, save for the fact that any of the directors of any of the 
Guarantors may purchase and hold Notes issued under the Programme from time to time 
(which would make them creditors of the Guarantors in their personal capacity for so long as 
they held the Notes), there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
directors of each of the Guarantors to any of the Guarantors and their private interests and/or 
other duties.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
REGULATORY INFORMATION 
1. 
Europe 
1.1 
EU consumer credit legislation 
The provision of credit to consumers in the EU, including consumer loans, is at present 
governed by national legislation which implements the provisions of the consumer credit 
directive, Directive 2008/48/EC (the “CCD”). 
The CCD focuses on transparency and consumer rights in relation to consumer credit 
agreements and the efficiency of the consumer credit market. It requires a comprehensive set 
of information to be given to consumers in good time before the consumer credit agreement 
is concluded and also requires such information to be included as part of the consumer credit 
agreement itself. 
Contrary to the position under the previous consumer credit directive, the CCD takes the 
approach of ‘targeted full harmonisation’. This means that, whilst EU Member States have 
discretion in certain areas, they are not permitted to adopt or retain more stringent provisions 
in their national law, the intention being that this leads to a largely consistent legislative 
position across the EU, thereby encouraging cross-border trade. 
The CCD seeks to provide a standard mechanism for calculating the Annual Percentage Rate 
of Charge (the “APR”) that must be included as part of the information to be provided to 
consumers entering into credit agreements. This means that the definition and formula for 
the calculation of the APR is harmonised at EU level. The CCD requires that: 
(i) 
only the amounts that consumers are required to pay in connection with the credit 
agreement, and which are known to the consumer credit provider, should be included 
in the total cost of credit to the consumer (and hence the APR); and 
(ii) 
costs in respect of ancillary services relating to the credit agreement are only included 
in the total cost of credit to the consumer (and hence the APR) if the conclusion of a 
service contract is compulsory in order to obtain the credit, or to obtain it on the terms 
and conditions marketed. 
Agreements for the provision of short term, low value credit with short repayment periods 
often attract attention as a result of their high APRs, although such attention is typically as a 
result of misconception as to the meaning of APR and its significance. Further, the total 
charges for the Group’s loans are higher than for loans provided by mainstream banks, 
reflecting the higher lending risk, the absence generally of default fees for missed payments 
on home collected loans (within term) and the high level of personal service provided by the 
customer representative. Both of these factors can attract criticism and increase calls for 
statutory caps on charges and limitations on the amounts that the Group may lend to any 
individual customer. 
The CCD also includes harmonised provisions relating to reductions in the total cost of credit 
to consumers who choose to utilise their right to early settlement of their credit obligations. 
Whilst similar provisions were included in the previous consumer credit directive, they were 
non-standardised and related only to full early settlement. The CCD extends this by providing 
an entitlement for consumers to a reduction on the total cost of credit on partial, as well as full, 
early settlement of their credit obligations. 
The EC published guidelines in May 2012 relating to the application of the CCD. Although the 
guidelines are non-binding, uncertainty still remains in relation to how national regulators and 
courts will interpret and apply them over time and, accordingly, there is a risk that the Group’s 
business could be adversely affected. In particular, there is a risk that the Group may be 
compelled to make further changes to its product structure in some markets in order to comply 
with the provisions dealing with calculation of APR. 
In 2020, the EC launched a review of the CCD. The EC’s draft proposal was published on 30 
June 2021. Following a public consultation, the proposal was debated by the two relevant 
committees of the European Parliament and various fora of the European Council. Following 
clarification of the final positions of these institutions at the end of July 2022, there will be a 
trialogue between the EC, the European Parliament and the European Council. On 2 
December 2022, the European Council and the European Parliament announced that they

--- Page 79 ---
79 
had reached a provisional agreement on the revised text proposal and Note 7758/23 dated 
11 April 2023 has been published containing the proposed directive. The European 
Parliament is expected to adopt the Directive at first reading in September 2023, with the 
deadline for member state adoption being 24 months after adoption. The Group will monitor 
the progress and scope of the implementation of the new Directive. 
1.2 
National consumer credit legislation in Europe including price caps 
Overview 
The detail of local regulatory restrictions can have a significant impact on the Group’s business in 
each relevant jurisdiction. These restrictions can and do change quickly; this is something 
which the Group monitors closely. Key restrictions for the Group’s business include (a) price 
caps; and (b) debt to income restrictions. 
Regulatory developments relating to lending restrictions and a range of related issues have 
continued in a number of the Group’s European markets and resulted in several changes to 
the regulatory environment in which the Group operates. As a result, financial services 
companies, including consumer lenders, face increased legislation and challenges from 
consumer protection authorities. 
For information about the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the local regulatory restrictions 
relevant to the Group’s businesses, please see “Temporary changes to regulatory frameworks 
as a result of COVID-19 or otherwise” below. 
Price caps in specific jurisdictions 
The Group operates within price cap environments in all its European markets with the 
exception of the Czech Republic, Romania and the Group expects pricing regulations to be 
implemented in the future in these currently-uncapped markets. 
In Poland, the current price cap for consumer loans is (i) a flat level of 10% of the loan value, 
and (ii) an additional variable cap of 10% per annum (and the total sum of non-interest cost of 
credit cannot be higher than 45% of the total amount of credit). In Poland, the amended Polish 
Consumer Credit Act entered into force on 18 December 2022. The Act reduced the 
maximum non-interest fees that could be charged on a loan to 45% of the loan value, from 
100% in 2022. The ability for consumer credit lenders in Poland to continue to charge interest 
(currently up to 20.5% per annum), in addition to non-interest charges, is unaffected by this 
proposal. The new Act also includes new affordability rules and a requirement for non-bank 
loan institutions to be supervised by the Polish financial supervision authority, the Komisja 
Nadzoru Finansowego. The Group estimates that the impact of the transition to its credit card 
product will reduce European home credit profits by between £15 million to £20 million in 
each of 2023 and 2024, after which the Group aims for its Polish business and European 
home credit business to return to delivering its target returns of approximately 20% RORE. 
In Hungary, the maximum APR applicable to consumer loans is the national bank base rate 
plus 24% per annum. 
In the Czech Republic, the possibility of a price capping measure was raised in 2018, and then 
deferred. However, at the beginning of 2019, the subject was brought up again and two 
separate proposals were submitted to the Czech parliament. Both proposals were frozen and, 
after the general elections in October 2021, have fallen away. Following the elections, a new 
Government was established in December 2021, and since then there have been no 
proposals nor discussion in terms of price caps. 
The Group’s home service is provided as a separate, optional service in Romania and 
Hungary. The fee for the optional home service has historically (based on consumer credit 
regulation) fallen outside the scope of interest rate, total cost of credit or APR caps. However, 
if these charges were required to be included within the scope of the caps, the Group’s 
profitability may be adversely affected.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
In December 2021, a revised draft law imposing a total cost of credit cap of 100% for loans 
with issue values below RON 15,000 (c. EUR 3,000) and 15% plus base rate for loans above 
RON 15,000 passed in the Upper Chamber of the Romanian parliament and moved to the 
Second Chamber in February 2022. Approximately one year previously, a similar proposal 
had been sent back to the parliament by the constitutional court citing procedural errors. Most 
loans in the Group’s Romanian portfolio are below RON 15,000 in value. There have been no 
further developments on the draft law regarding capping the total cost of credit, as there 
appears to be limited political support for this proposal. However, upcoming elections in 
Romania scheduled for 2024 and planned reviews of the CCD may lead to further 
developments in respect of the proposed legislation.  
Debt to income restrictions 
The Group operates within certain markets (such as Romania, Hungary, Latvia and Lithuania) 
where the amount of a loan to a customer is restricted by mandatory debt to income limits. For 
example, the Romanian National Bank has adopted a maximum 40% debt to income ratio limit for 
loans in the national currency and 20% for those in other currencies. By way of exception, 
lenders may exceed the maximum level of total indebtedness in the case of consumer loans 
granted in each quarter, up to a maximum of 15% of the arithmetic average of the quarterly 
volumes of consumer loans granted by the lender in each of the last four quarters. The 
regulation came into force on 1 January 2019. The Group expects similar proposals to emerge 
in other markets in the future. 
Regulatory licensing and supervision regimes 
The amended Polish Consumer Credit Act includes new affordability rules and supervision of 
non-bank loan institutions by the Polish FSA (Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego) from 1 January 
2024. In addition, Provident Polska, as a small payment institution, is supervised by the Polish 
FSA. The Group was granted a small payment institution licence in Poland in 2022 to enable 
credit card issuance and payment services. The Group submitted an application for a full 
payment institution licence in the fourth quarter of 2022, and is in dialogue with the Polish FSA 
to endeavor to meet the requirements for the licence.  
In response to new affordability regulations that came into force in Poland in May 2023, the 
Group deployed new processes and technology to assess customers in line with the new 
rules. IPF Digital introduced systems to comply with Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on payment services in the 
internal market (PSD2) to ensure customer authentication processes. 
A licensing regime was introduced in the Czech Republic during 2016 and the Group’s Czech 
subsidiary received its licence in early 2018. In Romania and Lithuania, the Group’s local 
business is included in registers of credit providers maintained by the respective National 
Banks. The Group’s operations in Hungary are subject to an operating licence issued by the 
National Bank, in Estonia the Group’s operations are subject to two licences (credit licence 
and e-money licence) from the Financial Supervision Authority and in Latvia its operations 
are subject to a licence from the Consumer Rights Protection Centre. 
1.3 
Temporary changes to regulatory frameworks as a result of COVID-19 or otherwise 
Debt repayment moratoria and payment holidays 
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, governments and banks in many jurisdictions introduced 
extraordinary measures to alleviate the financial and economic impact of the pandemic on 
consumers. Such emergency measures included moratoria on loan payments (on an opt-out or 
opt-in basis) in certain of the Group’s markets. 
In the Czech Republic, Lithuania, Poland and Romania, governments and regulatory 
authorities implemented a variety of debt payment moratoria and payment holidays (each of 
which have now expired). None of these measures had a material impact on the business of 
the Group. A further moratorium was implemented in Romania on 1 July 2022 with a nine 
month duration in respect of loans executed prior to April 2022. Around 25,000 customers 
were eligible to apply for this opt in moratorium; but only 10 customers applied, therefore no 
material impact was generated by the new moratoria.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
1.4 
Good morals and usury laws 
Each of the EU Member States in which the Group operates has civil law provisions that apply 
principles of “good morals” and/or usury to contracts. The meaning, scope and application of 
these principles varies from country to country. As a general rule, however, each country’s civil 
law contains provisions that enable courts to hold an agreement null and void if it is deemed 
to be unfair or if the agreement is considered to have been concluded in bad faith. 
There has been a significant increase in the volume of usury-related claims from customers 
of the Group’s Spanish business. In response to this, the Group restructured its Spanish 
product offering, and has since decided to stop lending in Spain and collect out the portfolio. 
Similarly, each of the EU Member States in which the Group operates has criminal law 
provisions that relate to the principles of “good morals” in contracts. While the meaning, scope 
and application again varies from country to country, the criminal codes in all relevant 
countries contain a general principle that a criminal offence would be committed by, for 
example, a consumer credit provider, if it were to exploit a consumer’s position or state of 
distress. There are also, in certain of the relevant countries, specific criminal provisions that 
relate to usury. 
1.5 
Anti-money laundering 
All of the Group’s European businesses are subject to local anti-money laundering and 
terrorist financing legislative requirements which were introduced pursuant to the requirements 
of the European Fifth Anti-Money Laundering Directive, Directive (EU) 2018/843. 
2. 
Mexico 
The Group’s Mexican subsidiary is not classified as a financial institution and therefore is not 
subject to the supervision of the National Banking Commission, or any other financial authority 
in Mexico, and does not require any permits or licences in respect of financial regulation to 
conduct its business. The Group’s Mexican activities are subject to registration procedures 
only. 
The Group’s Mexican business is subject to local anti-money laundering and terrorist financing 
legislative requirements. 
3. 
Australia 
The Group’s activities in Australia are subject to a credit licence from the Australian Securities 
and Investments Commission and are subject to maximum rate provisions. 
The Group’s Australian business is subject to local anti-money laundering and terrorist 
financing legislative requirements. 
4. 
Insurance distribution activities 
The Group’s offering of certain home, medical and life insurance and other products, in 
partnership with a range of insurance providers, to its customers is an ancillary activity to its 
core lending business. In all of its insurance activities, the Group acts as an intermediary, 
distributor and/or agent and the Group does not underwrite any insurance policy. This is a 
regulated activity in a number of the jurisdictions within which the Group operates. 
5. 
Management of regulatory issues 
The Group has skilled and experienced legal and public affairs teams both at Group level 
and in each of the markets in which the Group operates. These teams monitor political, 
legislative and regulatory developments and engage with relevant stakeholders on these 
developments.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:  
International Personal Finance plc 
(i) 
the following sections of the unaudited Half Year Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer 
for the period 1 January 2023 to 30 June 2023 published on the Issuer’s website on 1 August 
2023 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/results-reports-
and-presentations/results-and-presentations/2023/IPF-HY2023-Results-
Statement.pdf.downloadasset.pdf ): 
(a) Key highlights on page 3; 
(b) Chief Executive Officer’s review on pages 5 to 8; 
(c) Financial review on pages 9 to 17;  
(d) Financial Statements on pages 18 to 24; and 
(e) Notes to the Financial Statements on pages 25 to 41; and 
(f) Independent Review Report on pages 50 to 51.  
(ii) 
the following sections of the Q1 2023 Trading Update of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2023 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
on 
27 
April 
2023 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/results-reports-and-
presentations/results-and-
presentations/2023/IPF%20Q1%202023%20Trading%20Update.pdf.downloadasset.pdf),  which 
are unaudited financial figures which have been prepared for the benefit of the Group’s 
management: 
(a) 
Highlights on page 1;  
(b) 
Group Overview on pages 1 to 2; 
(c) 
Divisional Performance Review on page 2; 
(d) 
Funding and Balance Sheet on page 3; and  
(e) 
Regulation on page 3. 
(iii) 
the following sections of the Annual Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 published on the Issuer’s website on 24 March 2023 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/annual-report-
/2022/2022-Annual-Report.pdf.downloadasset.pdf): 
(a) 
Principal Risks and Uncertainties on pages 58 to 62; 
(b) 
Operational Review on pages 24 to 29; 
(c) 
Financial Review on pages 30 to 37; 
(d) 
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 121 to 129; 
(e) 
Consolidated Income Statement on page 130; 
(f) 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income on page 130; 
(g) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet on page 131; 
(h) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity on pages 132 to 133; 
(i) 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement on page 134; and 
(j) 
Notes to the Financial Statements on pages 135 to 171; 
(iv) 
the following sections of the Annual Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 published on the Issuer’s website on 24 March 2022 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/results-reports-and-
presentations/reports/2022/2021-annual-report.pdf.downloadasset.pdf): 
(a) 
Principal Risks and Uncertainties on pages 52 to 58; 
(b) 
Operational Review on pages 26 to 31;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(c) 
Financial Review on pages 32 to 35; 
(d) 
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 107 to 115; 
(e) 
Consolidated Income Statement on page 116; 
(f) 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income on page 116; 
(g) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet on page 117; 
(h) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity on pages 118 to 119; 
(i) 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement on page 120; and 
(j) 
Notes to the Financial Statements on pages 121 to 159; 
(v) 
the articles of association of the Issuer 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/articles-of-
association/International_Personal_Finance_plc_Articles_of_Association.pdf); 
IPF Holdings Limited 
(vi) 
the Annual Report and Financial Statements of IPF Holdings Limited for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/financial-
statements-for-uk-subsidiaries/ipf-holdings-limited-financial-statement-
2022.pdf.downloadasset.pdf) ;  
(vii) 
the Annual Report and Financial Statements of IPF Holdings Limited for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/financial-
statements-for-uk-
subsidiaries/IPF_Holdings_Limited_Financial_Statements_2021.pdf.downloadasset.pdf); 
(viii) the articles of association of IPF Holdings 
Limited 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/articles-of-
association/IPF_Holdings_Limited_Articles_of_Association.pdf); 
International Personal Finance Investments Limited 
(ix) 
the Annual Report and Financial Statements of International Personal Finance Investments 
Limited for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/financial-
statements-for-uk-subsidiaries/ipf-investments-limited-financial-statement-
2022.pdf.downloadasset.pdf); 
(x) 
the Annual Report and Financial Statements of International Personal Finance Investments 
Limited for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/financial-
statements-for-uk-
subsidiaries/International_Personal_Finance_Investments_Limited_Financial_Statements_
2021.pdf.downloadasset.pdf); 
(xi) 
the articles of association of International Personal Finance Investments Limited 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/articles-of-
association/IPF_Investments_Limited_Articles_of_Association.pdf); 
IPF International Limited 
(xii) 
the Annual Report and Financial Statements of IPF International Limited for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/financial-
statements-for-uk-subsidiaries/ipf-international-limited-financial-statement-
2022.pdf.downloadasset.pdf);  
(xiii) the Annual Report and Financial Statements of IPF International Limited for the financial 
year ended 31 December 
2021(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/financial-
statements-for-uk-
subsidiaries/IPF_International_Limited_Financial_Statements_2021.pdf.downloadasset.pdf)

--- Page 84 ---
-
 
 
84 
; 
(xiv) the articles of association of IPF International Limited 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/articles-of-
association/IPF_International_Limited_Articles_of_Association.pdf); 
IPF Digital Group Limited 
(xv) 
the Annual Report and Financial Statements of IPF Digital Group Limited for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/financial-
statements-for-uk-subsidiaries/ipf-digital-group-limited-financial-statement-
2022.pdf.downloadasset.pdf); 
(xvi) the Annual Report and Financial Statements of IPF Digital Group Limited for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/financial-
statements-for-uk-
subsidiaries/IPF_Digital_Group_Limited_Financial_Statements_2021.pdf.downloadasset.pd
f); 
(xvii) the articles of association of IPF Digital Group Limited 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/articles-of-
association/IPF_Digital_Group_Limited_Articles_of_Association.pdf); 
Previous Prospectuses 
(xviii) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 107 to 137 of the Prospectus dated 12 April 2019 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(the 
“2019 
Base 
Prospectus”) 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/debt-funding-
information/IPF%202019%20Prospectus%20_Final.pdf.downloadasset.pdf); 
(xix) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 91 to 132 of the Prospectus dated 13 March 2020 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(the 
“2020 
Base 
Prospectus”) 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/debt-funding-
information/IPF%20EMTN%202020%20Prospectus.pdf.downloadasset.pdf); 
(xx) 
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions set out in the 2020 Base Prospectus set out 
on pages 19 to 24 of the Drawdown Prospectus dated 10 November 2020 relating to the 
issuance 
of 
euro 
denominated 
Notes 
under 
the 
Programme 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/debt-funding-
information/20.11.10%20IPF%20-
%20Drawdown%20Prospectus%20(BLACK).pdf.downloadasset.pdf), and 
(xxi) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 97 to 130 of the Prospectus dated 26 August 
2021 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/debt-funding-
information/Prospectus.pdf.downloadasset.pdf), 
(xxii) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 99 to 140 of the Prospectus dated 25 August 
2022 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/debt-
investors/IPF%20EMTN%20Prospectus%202022%20FINAL.pdf.downloadasset.pdf), 
each of which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus 
and which have been approved by the FCA or filed with it and filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus, save that (i) the 2019 
Base Prospectus and the 2020 Base Prospectus have not been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland and therefore do not form part of this Prospectus for any issuance of Notes in the EEA, 
and (ii) any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any information contained in any of the documents incorporated by reference which is not

--- Page 85 ---
85 
incorporated in and does not form part of this Prospectus is either not relevant for Investors or is 
covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
If documents which are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus themselves incorporate any 
information or other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other 
documents will not form part of this Prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
or the UK Prospectus Regulation except where such information or other documents are specifically 
incorporated by reference or attached to this Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) 
from the website of the Issuer at https://www.ipfin.co.uk. The other contents of the Issuer’s website 
do not form part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Prospectus or a 
further Prospectus which: (i) in respect of any subsequent issue of EU Notes admitted to trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or any other EU Regulated Market, shall constitute a 
supplementary prospectus as required by the Central Bank of Ireland and Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation; and (ii) in respect of any subsequent issue of UK Notes admitted to trading 
on the LSE Main Market or any other UK Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplementary 
prospectus as required by the FCA and Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23(2) of the UK Prospectus Regulation, where UK Notes 
are offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for UK Notes 
before any supplement is published shall have the right, exercisable within two working days after 
the publication of such supplement, to withdraw their acceptance, provided that the significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23(1) of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of UK Notes, 
whichever occurs first. The period may be extended by the Issuer. The final date of the right of 
withdrawal will be stated in the supplement.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated on or around 24 
August 2023 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Permanent 
Dealers (as defined in the Dealer Agreement) and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right 
to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may 
be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer may agree with a Dealer to pay such Dealer a commission in respect of Notes subscribed 
by such Dealer. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred 
in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities 
in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to 
terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe for Notes in certain circumstances prior to 
payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
The relevant Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D apply, or whether TEFRA is 
not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has 
not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering within 
the United States and the issuance date or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within 
the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available, the Notes of that 
Series to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MIFID II;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MIFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available, the Notes of that 
Series to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of UK MiFIR; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation and any 
regulatory or implementing technical standards and other delegated or implementing 
acts adopted under that Regulation, in each case to the extent that they form part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each EEA Member State (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made, and will not make, an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in that Relevant State: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a 
“Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
In this provision and in this Prospectus generally, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in 
relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
Investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to the UK, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made, and will not make, an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation in the UK (a “UK Public 
Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has 
been approved by the FCA, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such UK Public Offer, in accordance with the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that UK Public Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
In this provision and in this Prospectus generally, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in 
the United Kingdom relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
Investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by the 
Issuer;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(A) 
it has not, directly or indirectly, offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, 
place or underwrite the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the 
European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 (Nos. 1 to 3) 
(as amended), including, without limitation, Regulations 7 and 152 thereof or any codes of 
conduct used in connection therewith and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 
1998; 
(B) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) of Ireland, the Central Bank Acts 1942- 
2018 (as amended) and any code of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central 
Bank Act 1989 (as amended); and 
(C) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 and any rules issued under Section 34 of the Investment Funds, Companies and 
Miscellaneous Provisions Act 2005 (as amended) by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re- 
offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
“SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of 
the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of 
the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in 
that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has 
acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Poland 
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in Poland 
through an offer of securities to the public – subject to several prospectus exemptions set out in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Regulation 2017/1129”) – as part of 
their initial distribution or otherwise, to residents of Poland or within the territory of Poland. Pursuant 
to the Regulation 2017/1129, “offer of securities to the public” means a communication to persons 
in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
securities to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those 
securities. This definition also applies to the placing of securities through financial intermediaries. 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that the acquisition and holding of the Notes by residents of Poland may 
be subject to restrictions imposed by Polish law (including foreign exchange regulations) and that 
re-offers and re-sales of the Notes to Polish residents or in Poland in secondary trading may also 
be subject to restrictions. 
Czech Republic 
No action has been taken in the Czech Republic (including obtaining approval of the prospectus from 
the Czech National Bank (the “CNB”)) and the admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined 
in Section 55 (1) of Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, 
as amended (the “Czech Capital Markets Act”)) for the purposes of allowing any Notes to qualify 
as securities admitted to trading on the Czech regulated market (as defined in the Czech Capital 
Markets Act) or any other European regulated market within the meaning of the Czech Capital 
Markets Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Notes in the Czech Republic through a public offering, and has not provided and will not provide any 
communication to a broader circle of persons containing information on the securities being offered 
and the terms under which they may acquire the securities and which are sufficient for the investor 
to make a decision or to subscribe for, or purchase, such securities, subject to the exemptions set 
out in the Czech Capital Markets Act, as part of their initial distribution or otherwise, to residents of 
the Czech Republic or within the Czech Republic. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
requirements of the Czech Capital Markets Act and has not taken, and will not take, any action 
which would result in the issue of the Notes being classed as “accepting deposits from the public” 
by the Issuer in the Czech Republic under Section 2 (1) of Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks 
(as amended) (the “Czech Act on Banks”) or requiring a permit, registration, filing or notification to 
the CNB or other authorities in the Czech Republic in respect of the Notes in accordance with the 
Czech Capital Markets Act, the Czech Act on Banks or the practice of the CNB. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the laws 
of the Czech Republic applicable to the conduct of business in the Czech Republic (including the 
laws applicable to the provision of investment services (within the meaning of the Czech Capital 
Markets Act) in the Czech Republic) in respect of the Notes. 
Slovakia 
No permit for the issue of the Notes has been obtained (including obtaining approval of the terms 
and conditions of the Notes) from the National Bank of Slovakia (the “NBS”) nor is any required 
under Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Zb. Coll., on Bonds (the “Slovak Bonds Act”). No action has been 
taken in Slovakia (including (i) obtaining approval of the Prospectus or base prospectus from the 
NBS pursuant to Slovak Act No. 566/2001 Coll., on Securities and Investment Services and on 
Amendments of Other Acts, as amended (the “Slovak Securities and Investment Act”) and (ii) the 
admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined under the Slovak Act No. 429/2002 Coll., 
Stock Exchange Act, as amended (the “Slovak Stock Exchange Act”)) for the purposes of any 
Notes to qualify as securities admitted to trading on the Slovak regulated market (as defined in the 
Slovak Stock Exchange Act) or any other European regulated market within the meaning of the 
Slovak Stock Exchange Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Notes in Slovakia through a public offering, and has not provided and will not provide any 
communication to a broader circle of persons containing information on the securities being offered 
and the terms under which they may acquire the securities and which are sufficient for the investor 
to make a decision or to subscribe for, or purchase, such securities, subject to the exemptions set 
out in the Slovak Securities and Investment Act, as part of their initial distribution or otherwise, to 
residents of Slovakia or within Slovakia. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the 
requirements of the Slovak Securities and Investment Act and the Slovak Bonds Act and has not 
taken, and will not take, any action which would result in the Notes being deemed to have been 
issued in Slovakia, the issue of the Notes being classed as “accepting of deposits” by the Issuer in 
Slovakia under Section 2 (2) and Section 5 letter a) of Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll., on Banks (as 
amended) (the “Slovak Act on Banks”) or requiring a permit, registration, filing or notification to the 
NBS or other authorities in Slovakia in respect of the Notes in accordance with the Slovak Securities 
and Investment Act, the Slovak Bonds Act, the Slovak Act on Banks or the practice of the NBS. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the laws 
of Slovakia applicable to the conduct of business in Slovakia (including the laws applicable to the 
provision of investment services (within the meaning of the Slovak Securities and Investment Act) 
in Slovakia) in respect of the Notes. 
Hungary 
No permit for the issue of the Notes has been obtained (including obtaining approval of the terms 
and conditions of the Notes) from the National Bank of Hungary (the “NBH”) nor is required under 
Hungarian Act CXX of 2001 on Capital Markets (the “Hungarian Capital Markets Act”). No action 
has been taken in Hungary (including obtaining approval of this Prospectus from the NBH and the 
admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in Chapter II, Section 5.(1)114, of the 
Hungarian Capital Markets Act)) for the purposes of any Notes to qualify as securities admitted to 
trading on the Hungarian regulated market (as defined in Chapter IV of the Hungarian Capital 
Markets Act) or any other European regulated market within the meaning of the Hungarian Capital 
Markets Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme

--- Page 93 ---
93 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Notes in Hungary through a public offering, and has not provided and will not provide any 
communication to persons containing information on the securities being offered and the terms 
under which they may acquire the securities and which are sufficient for the investor to make a 
decision or to subscribe for, or purchase, such securities subject to exemptions set out in the 
Hungarian Capital Markets Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the 
requirements of the Hungarian Capital Markets Act and has not taken, and will not take, any action 
which would result in the Notes being deemed to have been issued in Hungary, the issue of the 
Notes being classed as “taking deposits and other repayable funds from the public” by the Issuer 
in Hungary under Section 3.(1)(a) of the Hungarian Act CCXXXVII of 2013 on Credit Institutions 
and Financial Enterprises (the “Hungarian Banking Act”) or requiring a permit, registration, filing 
or notification to the NBH or other authorities in Hungary in respect of the Notes in accordance with 
the Hungarian Capital Markets Act or the practice of the NBH. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the laws 
of Hungary applicable to the conduct of business in Hungary (including the laws applicable to the 
provision of investment services – within the meaning of the Hungarian Act CXXXVIII of 2007 on 
Investment Firms and Commodity Dealers, and on the Regulations Governing their Activities – in 
Hungary) in respect of the Notes. 
If the Notes are offered in a private placement in Hungary, the Issuer must report such private 
placement to the NBH within 15 days from the closing date of the private placement. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that, if the Notes are offered in a private placement in 
Hungary, (i) all written documentation prepared in connection with a private placement in Hungary 
will clearly indicate that it is a private placement; (ii) it will ensure that all investors receive the same 
information which is material or necessary to the evaluation of the Issuer’s current market, economic, 
financial or legal situation and its expected development, including that which was discussed in any 
personal consultation with an investor, and (iii) the following standard wording will be included in 
such written communication: 
“PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 OF ACT CXX OF 2001 ON THE CAPITAL MARKETS, THIS [NAME 
OF DOCUMENT] WAS PREPARED IN CONNECTION WITH A PRIVATE PLACEMENT IN 
HUNGARY.” 
Romania 
No action has been taken in Romania (including obtaining approval of the Prospectus from the 
Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority (the “RFSA”) and/or the admission to trading on an EU 
Regulated Market/alternative trading system in Romania nor has any notification under Article 25 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation been made to the RFSA) for the purposes of any Notes to qualify 
as securities, as defined in Law no. 24/2017 on issuers of financial instruments and market 
operations (the “Romanian Capital Markets Laws”) or to be admitted to trading on a market in 
Romania, within the meaning of the Romanian Capital Markets Laws and relevant secondary 
legislation (e.g. RFSA Regulation no. 5/2018 on issuers of financial instruments and market 
operations, as subsequently amended by the RFSA Regulation no. 1/2020). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Romania 
through a public offering and has not provided and will not provide any communication to a 
broader circle of persons containing information on the securities being offered and the terms 
under which they may acquire the securities and which are sufficient for the Investor to make 
a decision or to subscribe for, or purchase, such securities; 
(ii) 
it has not communicated or caused to be communicated and will not communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation, any inducement to engage in investment activity or any 
other type of advertising materials (within the meaning of the Romanian Capital Markets Laws 
and the EU Prospectus Regulation) received or issued by it in connection with the issue or

--- Page 94 ---
94 
sale of any Notes; 
(iii) 
it will not take any action which would result in the Notes being deemed to have been issued 
in Romania, or the issue of the Notes being classed as “taking deposits and other repayable 
funds from the public” by the Issuer in Romania under the Romanian Government Emergency 
Ordinance No. 99/2006, as amended (the “Romanian Banking Law”), or requiring a permit, 
registration, filing or notification to the RFSA, the National Bank of Romania (“NBR”) or other 
authorities in Romania in respect of the Notes in accordance with the Romanian Capital 
Markets Laws, the Romanian Banking Law or the practice of the RFSA and/or the NBR; and 
(iv) 
it has complied, and will comply, with all the laws of Romania, including applicable provisions 
of the Romanian Capital Markets Laws and the Romanian Banking Law and with all relevant 
regulations issued by the RFSA and the NBR and European Union legislation with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to the Notes (including any further resale of the Notes) in, from 
or otherwise involving Romania. 
Mexico 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered in the Mexican National Registry of Securities 
(Registro Nacional de Valores). Therefore, the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United 
Mexican States (“Mexico”) by any means, or otherwise be the subject of brokerage activities 
(Intermediación) in Mexico, except in circumstances which constitute a private offering (oferta 
privada) pursuant to Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores). 
The Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) has 
not issued any certificate as to the investment quality of the Notes or solvency, liquidity or credit 
quality of the Issuer. All applicable provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law must be 
complied with in respect of anything done in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
Mexico. 
Jersey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that there has not been, and there will not be, any circulation 
in Jersey of any offer for subscription, sale or exchange of any Notes unless such offer is circulated 
in Jersey by a person or persons authorised to conduct investment business under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law 1998, as amended and (a) such offer does not for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, constitute an offer to the public; or 
(b) an identical offer is for the time being circulated in the United Kingdom without contravening the 
FSMA and is, mutatis mutandis, circulated in Jersey only to persons similar to those to whom, and 
in a manner similar to that in which, it is for the time being circulated in the United Kingdom. 
Isle of Man 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that this Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered 
or filed as a prospectus with any governmental or other authority in the Isle of Man, and this 
Prospectus and the issue of Notes have not been approved by the Isle of Man Financial Services 
Authority. Any offer for subscription, sale or exchange of the Notes within the Isle of Man shall be 
made by (i) an Isle of Man financial services licenceholder licensed under Section 7 of the Financial 
Services Act 2008 to do so or (ii) in accordance with any relevant exclusion contained within the 
Regulated Activities Order 2011 (as amended) or exemption contained in the Financial Services 
(Exemptions) Regulations 2011 (as amended).

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Guernsey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
the Notes issued under the Programme cannot be marketed, offered or sold in or to persons 
resident in Guernsey other than in compliance with the licensing requirements of the 
Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1987, as amended, and the regulations 
enacted thereunder, or any exemption therefrom; 
(b) 
this Prospectus has not been approved or authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services 
Commission for circulation; and 
(c) 
this Prospectus may not be distributed or circulated, directly or indirectly, to any persons in 
the Bailiwick of Guernsey other than: 
(i) 
by a person licensed to do so under the terms of the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick 
of Guernsey) Law, 1987, as amended; or 
(ii) 
by a person that is not a Bailiwick of Guernsey body or an individual ordinarily resident 
in the Bailiwick of Guernsey and that person: 
I. 
carries on that activity in or from within the Bailiwick of Guernsey in a manner in 
which it is permitted to carry it on in or from within, and under the law of, a 
designated country or territory which, in the opinion of the States of Guernsey 
Policy and Resources Committee, affords in relation to activities of that 
description adequate protection to investors (“Designated Territory”); 
II. 
has its main place of business in that Designated Territory and does not carry on 
any restricted activity from a permanent place of business in the Bailiwick of 
Guernsey; 
III. 
is recognised as a national of that Designated Territory by its law (and has 
provided evidence of the same); and 
IV. 
has given prior written notice to the Guernsey Financial Services Commission of 
the date from which it intends to carry on that activity in or from within Guernsey 
(by completion of a “Form EX” and submission of the requisite documentation) 
and complied with certain requirements applicable to an applicant for a licence 
and the Commission has issued confirmation of the exemption; 
(iii) 
to those persons regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as 
licensees under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1987, the 
Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1994, the Insurance Business 
(Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002, the Insurance Managers and Insurance 
Intermediaries (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002 or the Regulation of Fiduciaries, 
Administration Business and Company Directors etc. (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2000 
and the person carrying on such activity satisfies items (c)(ii)(I) to (III) above and has 
given written notice to the Commission of the date from which it intends to carry out the 
promotional activity; or 
(iv) 
as otherwise permitted by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission. 
The Kingdom of Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor 
admitted to trading on an EU Regulated Market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in 
relation to those Notes has been approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and such competent authority has certified to the 
competent authority in Sweden that the prospectus has been approved as a prospectus under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is 
available under the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that this Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described herein. The Notes may not be publicly 
offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly through on-selling, in, into or from Switzerland and 
will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or regulated trading facility 
in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to article 1156 in connection 
with article 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations or a listing prospectus within the meaning of the 
listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other regulated trading facility in Switzerland, and 
neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as 
“Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an 
offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within 
the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a 
“Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will 
not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents 
in relation to the Instruments, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a 
public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other 
offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or has in its possession or distributes the Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms 
in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
TAXATION 
The tax law of a Noteholder’s place of residence or nationality and United Kingdom tax law may have 
an impact on the income received from the Notes. The comments below are of a general nature 
based on United Kingdom tax law as applied in England and Wales and HMRC practice (which 
practice may not be binding on HMRC) at the date hereof. They are not intended to be exhaustive. 
They assume that there will be no substitution of the Issuer and do not address the consequences 
of any substitution (notwithstanding that such substitution may be permitted by the terms and 
conditions of the Notes). The comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute 
beneficial owners of Notes. Prospective Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of 
any Series of Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, may affect the tax treatment of that 
and other Series of Notes. Any Noteholders who are in doubt as to their own tax position (in 
particular those who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom) should 
consult their professional advisers. The references below to “interest” mean interest for United 
Kingdom tax purposes (which may include any premium paid on a redemption of the Notes). 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION 
Interest on the Notes 
The Notes issued will constitute “quoted Eurobonds” under Section 987 of the Income Tax Act 2007 
(the “Act”) provided they carry a right to interest and are and continue to be listed on a recognised 
stock exchange, within the meaning of Section 1005 of the Act, or admitted to trading on a 
“multilateral trading facility” operated by an appropriately regulated recognised stock exchange 
(within the meaning of Section 987 of the Act). Each of the London Stock Exchange and Euronext 
Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. Securities will be treated as listed on the 
London Stock Exchange if they are included in the official list of the Financial Conduct Authority 
and are admitted to trading on the LSE Main Market (excluding the High Growth Segment). 
Securities will be treated as listed on Euronext Dublin if they are admitted to the official list of Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
Whilst the Notes are and continue to be quoted Eurobonds, payments of interest by the Issuer on 
the Notes may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom 
income tax. 
Interest payable on the Notes may also be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of United Kingdom income tax where the Notes have a maturity date less than one year from their 
date of issue, provided that the Notes are not issued with the intention that, or under arrangements 
the effect of which is that, such Notes form part of a borrowing with a total term of a year or more. 
In all other cases, interest will generally be paid by the Issuer under deduction of United Kingdom 
income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%), subject to the availability of other reliefs or to any 
direction to the contrary from HMRC in respect of such relief as may be available pursuant to the 
provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty. 
HMRC have powers to obtain information, including in relation to interest or payments treated as 
interest and payments derived from securities. This may include details of the beneficial owners of 
the Notes (or the persons for whom the Notes are held), details of the persons to whom payments 
derived from the Notes are or may be paid and information in connection with transactions relating 
to the Notes. Information obtained by HMRC may be provided to tax authorities in other countries. 
Payments by a Guarantor 
If a Guarantor makes any payments under the Guarantee in respect of the Notes, such payments 
may be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20%), subject to such 
relief as may be available under the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty or other 
exemption which may apply. Such payments by a Guarantor may not be eligible for the exemption 
(in respect of quoted Eurobonds) from United Kingdom withholding tax described above. 
Gross-up for withholding tax 
As set out in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if the Issuer or a Guarantor is 
at any time required by law to deduct or withhold an amount in respect of any withholding taxes in 
respect of payments under the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable), the Issuer or that Guarantor 
(as applicable) must, subject to certain exclusions, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
the receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received

--- Page 98 ---
98 
by them had no such deductions or withholding been required. 
UNITED STATES TAXATION 
Foreign account tax compliance withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer (or, as the case may be, any Guarantor or other non-US financial institution 
through which payments on the Notes are made) may be a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of the Issuer and the Guarantors) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies to their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in 
an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining passthru payments are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which the final regulations defining “foreign 
passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for 
the purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason 
of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under the “Terms and 
Conditions – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Noteholders should consult their 
own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event 
any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Only financial intermediaries that have been authorised by the Issuer may offer Notes to Investors. 
The Issuer authorises financial intermediaries to offer Notes to Investors by consenting to their use 
of this Prospectus. This section sets out information relating to that consent, including conditions 
attached to it. In order to ensure that you can rely on this Prospectus, you should read this section 
carefully and consider checking that the financial intermediary has been authorised by the Issuer to 
offer Notes. See “How do I check whether the person offering me the Notes has been given the 
Issuer’s consent to do so?” in the section entitled “Information about the Programme”. 
This Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation (in this context meaning an offer of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency)) (“UK Public Offers”) in the United Kingdom. Any person 
making or intending to make a UK Public Offer of the Notes on the basis of this Prospectus must 
do so only with the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantors – see “Consent given in accordance 
with Article 5(1) of the UK Prospectus Regulation” below. 
 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the UK Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any UK Public Offer of the Notes, the Issuer and each Guarantor accepts 
responsibility, in the United Kingdom, for the content of this Prospectus (as supplemented at the 
relevant time, if applicable) and the relevant Final Terms under Section 90 of the FSMA in relation 
to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases any Notes in a UK Public Offer made by an Authorised 
Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made in compliance with all the conditions attached 
to the giving of consent to the Authorised Offeror. Such consent is described below under “Consent”. 
Except in the circumstances described below, none of the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Dealer has 
authorised the making of any UK Public Offer by any offeror and neither the Issuer nor any 
Guarantor has consented to the use of this Prospectus or any Final Terms by any other person in 
connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the 
Information on the relevant terms and conditions of an offer is to be provided at the time 
of that offer by an Authorised Offeror and cannot therefore be included in this Prospectus. 
If, in the context of a UK Public Offer (as defined below), you are offered Notes by any entity, you 
should check that the entity is authorised to use this Prospectus for the purposes of making such 
offer before agreeing to purchase any Notes. To be authorised to use this Prospectus in 
connection with a UK Public Offer (referred to below as an “Authorised Offeror”), an entity must 
either be: 
• 
a Dealer specified in the relevant Final Terms, or an entity named as an initial “Authorised 
Offeror” in the relevant Final Terms; or 
• 
named on the Issuer’s website as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant UK Public 
Offer (if the entity has been appointed after the relevant Final Terms were published); or 
• 
if the basis of consent in the relevant Final Terms is specified as, or includes “General 
Consent”, authorised to make such offers under UK MiFIR (as defined below) and have 
published on its website that it is using this Prospectus for the purposes of such UK Public 
Offer in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
Valid offers of Notes may only be made by an Authorised Offeror in the context of a UK Public Offer 
if the offer is made in the United Kingdom and within the time period referred to in the Final Terms as 
the “Offer Period”. Other than as set out above (and as described in greater detail below), none of the 
Issuer, the Guarantors and any Dealer has authorised the making of any UK Public Offer by any 
person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this Prospectus in connection 
with any offer of Notes. 
Please see below for certain important legal information relating to UK Public Offers.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Issuer and the Guarantors is unauthorised and neither the Issuer, the Guarantors nor, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer 
or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a UK Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for 
this Prospectus for the purposes of Section 90 of the FSMA in the context of the relevant UK Public 
Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this 
Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, the Investor should take independent legal 
advice. 
 
Consent 
Where consent to use of the Prospectus is being given, the Final Terms for the relevant Notes will 
specify either “Specific Consent” or “General Consent”. The different requirements for each type 
of consent are set out below. Whichever one is used, Investors should remember that the consent 
only applies to that particular Tranche of Notes to which it relates, is only valid during the Offer 
Period (which must occur within 12 months after the date of this Prospectus), and is subject to any 
additional conditions set out in Part B of the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to the conditions set out below: 
(A) 
if the basis of consent is specified as being “Specific Consent” in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer and the Guarantors consent to the use of this Prospectus (as supplemented at the 
relevant time, if applicable) and the relevant Final Terms in connection with any UK Public 
Offer of a Tranche of Notes in the United Kingdom by: 
(i) 
the Dealer(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms 
and whose name is published on the website of the Issuer (https://www.ipfin.co.uk/) and 
identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant UK Public Offer in respect 
of, and at the time such financial intermediary makes, the relevant UK Public Offer; and 
(B) 
if the basis of consent is specified as being “General Consent” in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer and the Guarantors offer to grant their consent to the use of this Prospectus (as 
supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) and the relevant Final Terms, in connection 
with any UK Public Offer of a Tranche of Notes in the United Kingdom during the Offer Period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms by: (i) the relevant Dealer(s) and (ii) any financial 
intermediary which satisfies the Authorised Offeror Terms as set out below. The “Authorised 
Offeror Terms” are that the relevant financial intermediary represents and agrees throughout 
the relevant Offer Period that it: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, including under any applicable implementing 
measure (“UK MiFIR”) (in which regard, Investors should consult the register of 
authorised entities maintained by the FCA at https://register.fca.org.uk) (UK MiFIR 
governs the organisation and conduct of the business of investment firms and the 
operation of regulated markets within the United Kingdom in order to promote market 
transparency and the protection of investors); 
(ii) 
acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”), including the Rules published by the FCA 
(including, but not limited to, its guidance for distributors in “The Responsibilities of 
Providers and Distributors for the Fair Treatment of Customers” and its source book 
for “Product Intervention and Product Governance”) from time to time including, without 
limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the target markets for the Notes and 
the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by an Investor and 
disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(iii) 
complies with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Prospectus 
which would apply as if it were a Dealer;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
(iv) 
acknowledges the target market and distribution channels identified under the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Legend” set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(v) 
ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, rebate received or paid by that 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the 
Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(vi) 
holds all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitations of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules, including 
authorisation under the FSMA and/or the Financial Services Act 2012; 
(vii) 
complies with, and takes appropriate steps in relation to, applicable anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules, and does not 
permit any application for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has 
any suspicions as to the source of the application monies; 
(viii) retains Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under the 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, 
make such records available to the Dealers, the Issuer and/or any Guarantor or directly 
to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or 
the Dealers in order to enable the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or the Dealers to comply 
with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules 
applying to the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or the Dealers; 
(ix) 
does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer to breach 
any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Dealers to any requirement to 
obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(x) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify the Issuer, the Guarantors and each Dealer (in 
each case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employers, 
agents, affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, 
charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation 
and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with 
any such investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made 
against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of 
any of the foregoing agreements, representations or undertakings by such financial 
intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial 
intermediary or failure by such intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or 
requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised 
representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been 
authorised for such purposes by the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Dealers; 
(xi) 
agrees that it will immediately give notice to the Issuer, the Guarantors and the relevant 
Dealers if at any time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of 
any Rules or the terms of these Authorised Offeror Terms, will take all appropriate steps 
to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules and these Authorised Offeror 
Terms in all respects; 
(xii) 
agrees that it will not give any information other than that contained in this Prospectus 
(as may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors from time 
to time) as completed by the relevant Final Terms or make any representation in 
connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes; 
(xiii) agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any 
announcement published by the Issuer or any Guarantor via Regulatory News Service 
at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with the Prospectus as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms, and (in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and 
in compliance with the Rules and must state that such Authorised Offeror has provided 
it independently from the Issuer and the Guarantors and must expressly confirm that 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors have accepted any responsibility for the content 
of any such communication; 
(xiv) does not use the legal or publicity names of any Dealer, the Issuer, any Guarantor or 
any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective groups or

--- Page 102 ---
102 
any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any 
statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the 
Notes; 
(xv) 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sells the Notes at the Issue 
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant 
Dealer); (ii) only sells the Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; (iii) does not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise 
agreed with the relevant Dealer); (iv) does not pay any fee or remuneration or 
commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the 
Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) complies with such 
other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant 
Dealer; 
(xvi) either (i) obtains from each potential Investor an executed application for the Notes, or 
(ii) keeps a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) makes for its 
discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives 
from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Notes on 
their behalf, and in each case maintains the same on its files for so long as is required 
by any applicable Rules; and 
(xvii) agrees and accepts that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the financial intermediary 
formed upon acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s and 
Guarantors’ offer to use this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms with its 
consent in connection with the relevant UK Public Offer (the “Authorised Offeror 
Contract”) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law; 
(b) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) and accordingly submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England; and 
(c) 
each of the Dealers will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract 
between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the financial intermediary, formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ offer 
to use this Prospectus and relevant Final Terms with its consent in connection 
with the relevant UK Public Offer, which are, or are expressed to be, for their 
benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and 
indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror 
Terms. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (A)(ii), (A)(iii) and (B) above are together 
referred to herein as the “Authorised Offerors”. 
Any financial intermediary falling within paragraph (B) above who wishes to use this Prospectus in 
connection with a UK Public Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website that it is using this Prospectus for such UK Public Offer in 
accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantors and the conditions attached thereto 
in the following form (with the information in square brackets duly completed with the relevant 
information) (the “Acceptance Statement”): 
“We, [specify legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of the relevant 
Notes] (the “Notes”) described in the Prospectus dated 24 August 2023 [as supplemented,] and the 
Final Terms dated [specify date] (together, the “Prospectus”) published by International Personal 
Finance plc (the “Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer and the Guarantors offering to grant their 
consent to our use of the Prospectus in connection with the offer of the Notes (the “UK Public Offer”) 
in the United Kingdom during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms 
and subject to the other conditions to such consent (as specified in the Prospectus), we accept such

--- Page 103 ---
103 
offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under UK MiFIR to make, and are using the 
Prospectus in connection with, the UK Public Offer accordingly. Terms used herein and otherwise 
not defined shall have the same meaning as is given to such terms in the Prospectus.” 
ANY UNNAMED AUTHORISED OFFEROR MUST STATE ON ITS WEBSITE THAT IT IS USING 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS CONSENT AND THE CONDITIONS 
ATTACHED HERETO. 
 
Arrangements between the Investor and the financial intermediaries who will distribute the Notes 
under the Programme 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation 
to such offer or sale. 
If an Investor intends to acquire or does acquire any Notes from an Authorised Offeror, an 
Investor will do so, and offers and sales of the Notes to that Investor by such an Authorised 
Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between 
such Authorised Offeror and Investor including as to price, allocations and settlement 
arrangements. Neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor will be a party to any such arrangements 
with an Investor in connection with the offer or sale of any Notes and, accordingly, this 
Prospectus does not contain such information. The information relating to the procedure 
for making applications will be provided by the relevant Authorised Offeror to an Investor at 
the relevant time. None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or other Authorised Offeror 
has any responsibility or liability for such information. 
 
Notice to potential Investors 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all Investors. 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential Investor should consider, on its own or with the 
help of its financial or other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential Investor’s 
currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by 
Investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential Investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential Investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than

--- Page 104 ---
104 
those contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Guarantors, any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or 
the Guarantors since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no change in the financial position of the Issuer 
or the Guarantors since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of any 
Notes should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any Guarantor, any Dealer or the 
Trustee that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
offering of the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and any purchase 
of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
 
The Dealers, the Arranger and the Trustee 
None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee accepts any responsibility for the contents of this 
Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger, the Trustee 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantors or the issue and offering 
of the Notes. The Arranger, the Trustee and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability 
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Prospectus nor any other 
financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Arranger, the 
Trustee or the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers, the Trustee or the Arranger undertakes 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantors during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any Investor or potential Investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers, the Trustee or the 
Arranger. 
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, on behalf of investor clients or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk or other trading activities. In addition, in 
the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge 
their credit exposures to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
 
No incorporation of websites 
The contents of the websites of the Group do not form part of this Prospectus, and an Investor 
should not rely on them. 
 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
 
Forward-looking statements 
This Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, ‘forward-looking 
statements’. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking 
expressions, including the terms ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘anticipates’, ‘expects’, ‘intends’, ‘may’, ‘will’, 
or ‘should’ or, in each case, their negative or other variations or similar expressions, or by 
discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking 
statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places 
throughout this Prospectus and include, but are not limited to, the following: statements regarding 
the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Group 
concerning, amongst other things, the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
prospects, growth, strategies and the industries in which the Group operates. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future 
events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance 
and the actual results of the Group’s operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the 
development of the countries and the industries in which the Group operates may differ materially 
from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this 
Prospectus. In addition, even if the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the 
Group, and the development of the countries and the industries in which the Group operates, are 
consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus, those results or 
developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. These and 
other factors are discussed in more detail under the section headed “Risk Factors”. Many of these 
factors are beyond the control of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Group. Should one or more of 
these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions on which the forward- 
looking statements are based prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those 
described in this Prospectus as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Except to the extent 
required by laws and regulations, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not intend, and do not assume 
any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements set out in this Prospectus. 
This Prospectus is based on English law in effect as of the date of issue of this Prospectus. Except 
to the extent required by laws and regulations, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not intend, and do 
not assume any obligation, to update this Prospectus in light of the impact of any judicial decision 
or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
CREST depository interests 
In certain circumstances, Investors may also hold interests in the Notes through CREST through the 
issue of CDIs representing interests in Underlying Notes. CDIs are independent securities 
constituted under English law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST 
Depository Limited pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated). Neither the Notes nor any rights attached to the Notes will be issued, 
settled, held or transferred within the CREST system other than through the issue, settlement, 
holding or transfer of CDIs. CDI Holders will not be entitled to deal directly in the Notes and, 
accordingly, all dealings in relation to the Notes will be effected through CREST through the holding 
of CDIs. An Investor should note that the CDIs are the result of the CREST settlement mechanics 
and are not the subject of this Prospectus.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with 
the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form 
(if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of 
these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) 
these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non- 
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to 
such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on 
the Definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are 
to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Prospectus are issued subject 
to the provisions herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue 
of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated on or around 24 August 2023 between 
International Personal Finance plc (the “Issuer”), IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal 
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited (as 
“Guarantors”) and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”, which expression 
shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee 
for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form 
of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Agency Agreement (as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 12 November 2020 
has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee, 
HSBC Bank plc as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and 
paying agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) 
for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, 
the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the 
“Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available to view on the Group’s website 
at https://www.ipfin.co.uk/. 
The Noteholders and the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing 
Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons 
(the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those 
provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered 
Notes”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon, provided that, in the 
case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or offered to the public in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €1,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes, depending 
upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate,

--- Page 108 ---
108 
a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as 
provided in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered 
Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be 
kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a 
Notes Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person 
in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
 
2. 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. 
Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered 
Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred 
upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the 
Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form 
of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the 
same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless 
otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence 
as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a 
further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made 
subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will 
be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the 
case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in 
respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of 
an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, 
separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have 
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of 
Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new 
Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of 
the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 
2(b) or (c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the

--- Page 109 ---
109 
form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 6(e)) and surrender of the 
Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified 
office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery 
or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been 
made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and 
as specified in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be 
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in 
advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means 
a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the 
place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case 
may be). 
(e) 
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, 
exercise of an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax 
or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of 
such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be 
registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that 
Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called 
for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d) or 6(g), (iii) after any 
such Note has been called or put for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)(ii)). 
 
3. 
Guarantees and status of Notes 
(a) 
Guarantee: The Guarantors have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, on a 
joint and several basis, the due payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the 
Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Notes and Coupons. Their obligations in that respect 
(the “Guarantee”) are contained in the Trust Deed. 
(b) 
Status: The Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes and the Coupons relating to them and of the Guarantors under the Guarantee 
shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject 
to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors respectively, present and future. 
 
4. 
Covenants 
(a) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the 
Trust Deed), the Issuer and the Guarantors will not, and will procure, so far as they can 
by the proper exercise of voting and other rights or powers of control exercisable by 
them in relation to their respective Subsidiaries, that no such Subsidiary will, create or 
permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than 
any arising by operation of law) (a “Security Interest”) upon the whole or any part of 
their respective undertakings or assets (present or future) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined below) or to secure any guarantee or indemnity given by the 
Issuer or any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries in respect of any 
Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time as, or prior to, the creation of such 
Security Interest according to the Notes and the Coupons, to the satisfaction of the 
Trustee, the same security or such other arrangement (whether or not it includes the 
creation of a Security Interest) as the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not 
materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders save that the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary may create or have outstanding (without any obligation to secure the 
Notes or Coupons) a Permitted Security Interest.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
In this Condition 4(a): 
“Group” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets 
of a company acquired by a member of the Group after the Issue Date, provided that 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the 
principal amount secured by such Security Interest is not subsequently increased (or 
any Security Interest renewing or replacing the same); 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities and which is for 
the time being, or is capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange or over the counter or other recognised securities market, and (ii) any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; and 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10. 
(b) 
Maintenance of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Payable Ratio: So 
long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not permit the ratio of 
Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Payable, as each is determined on a 
Rolling Twelve Month basis ending as of each Year-End Date and each Semi-Annual 
Date to be less than 2.0 to 1.0. 
(c) 
Maintenance of Consolidated Total Borrowings to Consolidated Net Worth Ratio: 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not permit the ratio of 
Consolidated Total Borrowings to Consolidated Net Worth to be greater than 3.75 to 1.0 
as of each Year-End Date and Semi-Annual Date. 
(d) 
Information: The Issuer has agreed in the Trust Deed, so long as any of the Notes 
remains outstanding: 
(i) 
Financial statements 
to supply to the Trustee, as soon as available, but in any event not later than: 
A. 
120 days after each Year-End Date, a copy of its annual report containing 
its audited consolidated and unconsolidated, as applicable, financial 
statements for that financial year; and 
B. 
90 days after each Semi-Annual Date, a copy of its unaudited consolidated 
interim semi-annual financial statements for that financial half-year; 
(ii) 
Compliance certificate 
A. 
to supply to the Trustee, with each set of financial statements delivered 
pursuant to Condition 4(d)(i), a compliance certificate setting out (in 
reasonable detail) computations as to compliance with Conditions 4(b) and 
(c) above as at the date as at which those financial statements were drawn 
up; and 
B. 
that each compliance certificate shall be signed on behalf of the Issuer (but 
without personal liability) by two directors or a director and the secretary of 
the Issuer. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such compliance certificates or any 
certificate delivered under Condition 4(d)(iii) without further investigation or liability 
and will not otherwise be responsible for monitoring compliance with Conditions 
4(b) and 4(c); 
(iii) 
Requirements as to financial statements 
that it shall procure that each set of consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
delivered pursuant to Condition 4(d)(i) is prepared using IFRS unless, in relation 
to any set of financial statements, it gives notice to the Trustee and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 that there has been a change in

--- Page 111 ---
111 
generally accepted accounting principles in the United Kingdom and it delivers to 
the Trustee: 
A. 
a description of any change necessary for those financial statements to 
reflect IFRS; and 
B. 
a certificate signed by two directors or a director and a secretary of the 
Issuer setting out (in reasonable detail) the relevant computations and 
certifying that Conditions 4(b) to (d) have been complied with; and 
(iv) 
Information: miscellaneous 
to supply to the Trustee a copy of all documents dispatched by the Issuer to its 
shareholders (or any class of them) or its creditors generally at the same time as 
they are dispatched. 
In these Conditions 4(b) to (d): 
“Consolidated EBITDA” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; 
“Consolidated Interest Payable” means, in respect of any period, the aggregate of all 
amounts of interest and equivalent financial expenses of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries 
payable to persons who are not the Issuer or such a Subsidiary (calculated on a 
consolidated basis but after deducting any interest receivable from persons who are 
not the Issuer or such a Subsidiary) attributable to such period and shall: 
(a) 
include without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts of such 
interest and expenses which may have accrued in any such period and which 
are payable in a later period but are attributable to such period, as determined in 
accordance with IFRS; and 
(b) 
include any discount, fees and any element attributable to interest comprised in 
payments to lessors under Leases or to owners under hire-purchase agreements 
as determined under IFRS. 
In calculating Consolidated Interest Payable for any period, due account shall be taken 
of (and a consequential adjustment, whether positive or negative, shall be made to 
reflect) the net benefit or loss (as the case may be) to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries 
for or in respect of any payments accruing to or from them in such period pursuant to 
any settlements due on interest rate swaps, hedging or analogous contracts for the 
mitigation of interest rate fluctuations or movements which they have entered into with 
third parties in respect of Moneys Borrowed but any item of income or expense that is 
material (either individually or in aggregate) and either of an unusual or a non-recurring 
nature shall be excluded, in each case, as determined in accordance with IFRS; 
“Consolidated Net Worth” means, at any time, as determined in accordance with 
IFRS, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
the amount paid up or credited as paid up on the issued share capital of the 
Issuer; and 
(ii) 
the amount standing to the credit of the consolidated capital, revenue and other 
reserves of the Group (including, without limitation, share premium and retained 
earnings), 
but after: 
(a) 
deducting all amounts attributable to minority interests; 
(b) 
excluding any amounts derived from writing up the book value of any fixed assets 
to the extent otherwise included in paragraph (ii) above (save for amounts arising 
from a formal revaluation carried out by an independent and duly qualified valuer); 
(c) 
excluding the effect under IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 of the fair valuation of derivative 
assets and liabilities; 
(d) 
excluding any defined benefit (or similar) pension scheme surplus or deficit and

--- Page 112 ---
112 
any other items relating to any defined benefit (or similar) pension scheme to the 
extent otherwise included in paragraph (ii) above; and 
(e) 
making any such adjustments as may be necessary to measure Moneys 
Borrowed in accordance with paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition of 
Consolidated Total Borrowings; 
“Consolidated Total Borrowings” means, at any time, the aggregate of the amount 
of Moneys Borrowed of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries determined on a consistent basis 
(and determined in accordance with IFRS) and eliminating inter-company items and 
(to the extent not otherwise required by IFRS) items arising under netting arrangements 
which are subject to contractual rights of set-off. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
(i) 
Moneys Borrowed shall be measured at their principal amount and not their 
amortised amount (whether or not such Moneys Borrowed are the subject of a fair 
value hedge in accordance with IFRS 9); and 
(ii) 
where Moneys Borrowed are denominated in a currency other than sterling and 
are matched by a cross-currency swap which contains a contracted exchange 
rate to sterling, such Moneys Borrowed will be translated at the rate of exchange 
provided in the relevant cross-currency swap contract and not at the closing rate; 
“Gross Tangible Assets” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; 
“Group” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; 
“IFRS” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; 
“IFRS 7” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; 
“IFRS 9” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; 
“Moneys Borrowed” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; 
“Rolling Twelve Months” means a period of twelve consecutive calendar months 
treated as a single accounting period; 
“Semi-Annual Date” means the last day of the first six-month period of each financial 
year of the Issuer; 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10; and 
“Year-End Date” means the last day of each financial year of the Issuer. 
 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
the subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions 
below relating to Screen Rate Determination. 
(1) Screen Rate Determination (Term Rate) – If Screen Rate Determination – 
Applicable (Term Rate) is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined: 
(x) the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as 
at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), in the case of EURIBOR, or the 
Relevant Time specified hereon in the Relevant Financial Centre specified 
hereon, in the case of a Reference Rate other than EURIBOR, on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of each of the Reference Banks, or if the Reference Rate is other than 
EURIBOR, the principal Relevant Financial Centre’s office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is other than EURIBOR, at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation

--- Page 114 ---
r n(1+ SONIA i-pLBD x ni 
_1] x 36d5 
365 
 
114 
Agent; and 
(z) if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference 
Rate is other than EURIBOR, at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter- 
bank market, or if the Reference Rate is other than EURIBOR, the Relevant 
Financial Centre’s inter-bank market as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is other than EURIBOR, 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Trustee and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
other than EURIBOR, the Relevant Financial Centre’s inter-bank market as 
the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(2) Screen Rate Determination (Overnight Rate) – If Screen Rate Determination 
– Applicable (Overnight Rate) is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will be the rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date as follows, 
with the resulting percentage rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place (with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where for the purposes of this Condition 5(iii)(2): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business and to settle payments in London;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
London Banking Day; 
“Observation Look-back” means the number of days specified as such hereon; 
“p” means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-back specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day), provided that: 
(i) 
if in respect of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate shall be: (i) the Bank of 
England’s bank rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (x) above, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to: (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be 
determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified hereon) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for so long 
as the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
and has not otherwise been published by the authorised distributors; and 
(iii) 
in the event that SONIA cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date; or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)), and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iv)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or 
fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(c). 
If (x) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (y) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(i) prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(c)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
“Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(v), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(c)(v), the Trustee 
shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any consequences 
thereof, notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c) to the contrary, the 
Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed or Agency 
Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed 
or supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(c) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified 
in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(b)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until the Issuer determines a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(c): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);

--- Page 118 ---
118 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(C) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used either generally or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(5) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or the Trustee to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that, in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), (3) and (4), the Benchmark 
Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate or the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not 
the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying 
Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable):

--- Page 119 ---
119 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount 
due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of 
such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of 
such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the 
Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions 
(unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.0000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that, if the eighth 
significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded 
up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case 
of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of 
any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such 
Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is 
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where

--- Page 120 ---
120 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, 
the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest 
Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the 
case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) 
in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 
5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the 
consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the 
Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with 
this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of 
any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee: If the Calculation Agent does not at any 
time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, the Trustee may (but shall not be obligated to) do so 
(or appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination or calculation shall 
be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the Trustee shall 
apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any necessary consequential 
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects it 
shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. 
The Trustee shall not be liable for any delay in so doing or any loss arising as a result 
thereof. 
(j) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
the principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the T2 is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or

--- Page 121 ---
121 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 –Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 –Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 122 ---
122 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 –Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
(a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and

--- Page 123 ---
123 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European 
Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable 
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such 
Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling, either (a) if Screen Rate 
Determination – Applicable (Overnight Rate) is specified hereon, the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the Observation Look-back hereon (or, if no 
such number is specified, five London Banking Days) prior to the end of such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (b) otherwise, the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period, or (ii) if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro, the day falling 
two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period, or (iii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of the Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
and, in the case of a determination of any other Reference Rate, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre’s office of four major banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre’s inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer on the advice of 
an investment bank of international repute or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means either EURIBOR, WIBOR, PRIBOR, ROBOR, BUBOR, 
SONIA, TIIE or STIBOR, as specified hereon. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning specified hereon.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service as may be specified hereon. 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning specified hereon. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, 
or any successor system. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if 
the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply 
with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) 
appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(a) The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(b) Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none 
is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back 
to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(c) If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date 
on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub- 
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with

--- Page 125 ---
125 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other 
than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if the Notes are Floating 
Rate Notes) or at any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less 
than 30 or more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) 
(together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies 
the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that it (or, if the Guarantee 
was called, a Guarantor) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
described under Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the United Kingdom or any political subdivision or authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, including any treaty to which the United Kingdom is a party, 
or any change in the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, including 
a decision of any court or tribunal and any generally published pronouncements by any 
tax authority, which change, amendment or pronouncement becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, 
and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor(s), 
as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor(s), as the case may be) would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes (or the 
Guarantee, as the case may be) then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in 
(i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor(s), as the case may 
be) taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to 
accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out in (i) and (ii) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if 
so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate 
to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to 
be redeemed specified hereon. 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the 
next sentence) notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes at any time or from 
time to time (i) where no particular period during which Make-Whole Redemption is 
applicable is specified, at any time prior to their Maturity Date, or (ii) where Make-Whole 
Redemption is specified as only being applicable for a certain period, during such 
period, in each case on the date for redemption specified in such notice (the “Make- 
Whole Redemption Date”) at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice 
of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed by the Issuer until such time following 
which any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole

--- Page 126 ---
126 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the 
event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make- 
Whole Redemption Date as so delayed. The Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other person as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent from time to time, in which case reference to 
Calculation Agent in this Condition shall be read as references to such person) and 
shall be the greater of: (x) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes as at the Make- 
Whole Redemption Date to be so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes to their 
Maturity Date (or, if Call Option is specified hereon, the next Optional Redemption Date 
on which the Issuer may redeem such Notes at their nominal amount) (not including any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date) each such remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest being 
discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Reference Bond Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified 
hereon, plus, in each case, any interest accrued on such Notes to, but excluding, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given (and not rescinded in accordance 
with this Condition) shall be redeemed on the later of: (i) the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition or (ii) the Make-Whole Redemption Date so 
delayed in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify 
the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered 
Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Trustee may 
approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
In this Condition: 
“CA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the 
Calculation Agent as having an actual maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the relevant Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the relevant Notes; 
“Determination Date” means the date which is the fifth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” shall be as specified hereon. 
“Quotation Time” shall be as specified hereon. 
“Reference Bond” shall be as specified hereon or, in case of redemption in full of such 
bond prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date, the CA Selected Bond. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
(a) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for the 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than 
four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations. 
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to any Determination Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Determination Date. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Issuer, or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Determination Date, the arithmetic 
average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the 
Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the 
Quotation Time on the Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, upon the holder of such Note giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period 
as may be specified hereon), redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such 
Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying 
Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) 
with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly 
completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice 
period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn 
(except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Redemption Following Change of Control: If Change of Control Put is specified 
hereon and a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any such Note will 
have the option (a “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless prior to the giving of the 
relevant Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given 
notice of redemption under Condition 6(c) or 6(d) above) to require the Issuer to redeem 
or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the 
Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) at 101% of its nominal amount together 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control Put Date. 
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
any person or any persons acting in concert (as defined in the City Code on 
Takeovers and Mergers), other than a holding company (as defined in Section 
1159 of the Companies Act 2006, as amended) whose shareholders are or are 
to be substantially similar to the pre-existing shareholders of the Issuer, shall 
become interested (within the meaning of Part 22 of the Companies Act 2006, as 
amended) in (A) more than 50% of the issued or allotted ordinary share capital 
of the Issuer or (B) shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50% of 
the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer (each 
such event being a “Change of Control”); 
(ii) 
on the date (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (1) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) 
the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if 
any), the Notes carry: 
A. 
a credit rating from any Rating Agency provided by such Rating Agency at 
the invitation of the Issuer and any such rating is, within the Change of 
Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating categories (from 
BB+ to BB or such similar lowering) or withdrawn and is not, within the 
Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) restored to its earlier credit rating 
or better by such Rating Agency (in each case, regardless of whether any 
other Rating Agency maintains and does not downgrade any other credit 
rating assigned to the Notes); or 
B. 
no credit rating and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the Change

--- Page 128 ---
128 
of Control Period; and 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to 
paragraph (A) above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms 
in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the 
occurrence of the Change of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has 
occurred the Issuer shall, and the Trustee, if so requested by the holders of at least 
one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall, (subject in each case to the Trustee 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a 
“Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Bearer Note must deliver 
such Note to the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the period (the “Change of Control 
Put Period”) of 30 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, 
accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Change 
of Control Put Notice”). The Note should be delivered together with all Coupons 
appertaining thereto maturing after the date which is seven days after the expiration of 
the Change of Control Put Period (the “Change of Control Put Date”), failing which the 
Paying Agent will require payment from or on behalf of the Noteholder of an amount 
equal to the face value of any missing such Coupon. Any amount so paid will be 
reimbursed to the Noteholder against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupon (or any replacement therefor issued pursuant to Condition 14) at any 
time after such payment, but before the expiry of the period of five years from the date 
on which such Coupon would have become due, but not thereafter. The Paying Agent 
to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered will issue to the 
Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. 
Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified 
a bank account in the Change of Control Put Notice to which payment is to be made, 
on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer to that bank account and, in every other 
case, on or after the Change of Control Put Date against presentation and surrender or 
(as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent. A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. For the 
purposes of these Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 6(f) shall be 
treated as if they were Notes. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Registered Note must 
deposit the Certificate evidencing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
at its specified office, together with a duly signed and completed Change of Control Put 
Notice obtainable from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent within the Change of Control 
Put Period. No Certificate so deposited and option so exercised may be withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. Payment in respect of the Note(s) evidenced by 
any Certificate so deposited will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account 
in the Change of Control Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of 
Control Put Date by transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such 
Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes 
on the Change of Control Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and 
cancelled. 
If 85% or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
or purchased pursuant to this Condition 6(f), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 30 
days after the Change of Control Put Date), redeem or purchase (or procure the

--- Page 129 ---
129 
purchase of), at its option, all but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes at 
101% of their principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for such redemption or purchase. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event 
or Change of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could 
constitute a Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred, or to seek 
any confirmation from any Rating Agency pursuant to paragraph (ii) or (iii) above or 
pursuant to the definition of Negative Rating Event below, and, until it shall have notice 
pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of 
Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
In this Condition 6(f): 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant 
Announcement Date and ending 90 days after the Change of Control or, where a Rating 
Agency has publicly announced that the Notes are under consideration for rating review 
or, as the case may be, rating (such public announcement being within the period 
ending 90 days after the Change of Control), the later of (i) such 90th day after the 
Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days after such public announcement; 
a “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there 
is no rating assigned to the Notes by a Rating Agency (i) the Issuer does not, either prior 
to, or not later than 21 days after, the occurrence of the Change of Control seek, and 
thereafter throughout the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to 
obtain, a rating of the Notes, or any other unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the 
Issuer, from a Rating Agency or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use such endeavours, 
it is unable to obtain such a rating of at least the Negative Rating Event Specified Rating 
specified hereon (or, where a rating was ascribed to the Notes on the Issue Date (the 
“Initial Rating”), a rating that is one rating category lower than the Initial Rating) by the 
end of the Change of Control Period from a Rating Agency; 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”), Fitch Ratings 
Ltd. (“Fitch”) or Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited (“S&P”) or 
any of their respective successors or any rating agency (a “Substitute Rating Agency”) 
substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to time with the prior written approval 
of the Trustee; and 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public 
announcement or statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser 
acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of 
Control where, within 180 days following the date of such announcement or statement, 
a Change of Control occurs. 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P are changed from 
those which are described in the definition of “Negative Rating Event” above, or if a 
rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating 
designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as 
appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch 
or S&P and this Condition 6(f) shall be construed accordingly. 
(g) 
Clean-up Call Option: If Clean-Up Call Option is specified hereon, if 85% or more in 
principal amount of the Notes have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to this 
Condition 6 (other than Condition 6(f)), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified hereon), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all but 
not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes at 100% of their principal amount, 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such redemption or 
purchase. 
(h) 
Purchases: The Issuer, the Guarantors and any of their respective Subsidiaries may 
at any time purchase the Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in

--- Page 130 ---
130 
the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any 
of their respective Subsidiaries may, at the option of the Issuer, be held or may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such 
Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate 
representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. Notes 
held by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any of its or their respective 
Subsidiaries shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meeting of Noteholders and shall 
not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings 
of Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 10. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, 
subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, 
at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency 
or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of 
any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register 
at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment 
thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall 
be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the 
holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing 
in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest 
may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the 
payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the 
Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts 
and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to: (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives; and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction imposed by any agreement entered into pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“FATCA”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to FATCA, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing any intergovernmental approach 
thereto, but, in each case, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No

--- Page 131 ---
131 
commission or expenses in each case shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. Except to the extent that the Issuer or any 
Guarantor is required to pay any additional amounts under Condition 8 on account of 
a withholding or deduction, neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor will be required to pay 
any additional amounts on account of a withholding or deduction and, accordingly, the 
Issuer or the relevant Guarantor shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money 
as is represented by any such withholding or deduction as if such sum had actually 
been paid to the Noteholder or Couponholder. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and the Guarantors and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantors and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer and the Guarantors reserve the right at any time with the 
approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation 
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided 
that the Issuer and the Guarantors shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying 
Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation 
to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one major European city, 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which 
the Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in 
New York City in respect of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the 
circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes, such Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to 
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount 
so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void 
pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are 
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of

--- Page 132 ---
132 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or 
the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the 
case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not 
a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business, in the relevant 
place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” 
hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Guarantor in respect 
of the Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the United Kingdom or any political 
subdivision or authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, except to the extent that the withholding or 
deduction is made in respect of FATCA, or any agreement entered into pursuant to FATCA, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantors shall pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in the receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to anything done (including any 
withholding or deduction made) under or pursuant to FATCA or with respect to any Note or 
Coupon: 
(a) 
Other Connection: presented for payment or held by, or by a third party on behalf of, 
a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the 
United Kingdom other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 Days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect 
of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the last day of such period 
of 30 days; and/or 
(c) 
Declaration of Exemption: presented for payment or held by, or by a third party on 
behalf of, a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction by 
satisfying, or procuring that any third party satisfies, any statutory requirements 
(including but not limited to obtaining and/or presenting any form of certificate) or by 
making, or procuring that any third party makes, a declaration or any other statement 
or claim for exemption (including, but not limited to, a declaration of non-residence), 
but fails to do so.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given 
to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or 
Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised 
Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 
6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any 
additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given in 
addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
withholding or deduction made in respect of any agreement entered into pursuant to FATCA 
shall be treated as a withholding or deduction required by law. 
 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer or any Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons 
(which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) and the Guarantee shall be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case 
of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion 
may, and if so directed by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders shall, subject to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction (but, in the case of the 
happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraph (b) below and, in relation to a Material 
Subsidiary, any of the events mentioned in paragraphs (c) to (i) inclusive below, only if the 
Trustee shall have certified in writing that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall 
immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together (if 
applicable) with accrued interest: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case 
of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of 
the Notes; 
(b) 
the Issuer or any Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under 
these Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except where the Trustee considers such 
failure to be incapable of remedy) such failure continues for the period of 30 days after 
written notice of such failure shall have been given to the Issuer and the Guarantors by 
the Trustee requiring the same to be remedied; 
(c) 
any Moneys Borrowed owing by the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary 
is validly declared to be due and payable prior to the date on which the same would 
otherwise become due and payable by reason of an event of default (howsoever 
described) in relation thereto or the Issuer or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary 
defaults in the repayment of any Moneys Borrowed at the maturity thereof as extended 
by any applicable grace period (or in the case of any Moneys Borrowed payable on 
demand, within seven days of such demand) or if any guarantee or indemnity in respect 
of Moneys Borrowed of any party given by the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary shall not be paid when due and called upon (as extended by any applicable 
grace period), provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant Moneys Borrowed, 
guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one of the events mentioned in this 
paragraph (c) has occurred exceeds £5,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
or currencies as at the date the same became due and payable or the relevant event 
of default occurs or such payment is not made) and, in any such case, the liability of the 
Issuer, Guarantor or Material Subsidiary is not being contested in good faith;

--- Page 134 ---
134 
(d) 
an administrator is appointed in relation to the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary or a final order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding- 
up or dissolution of the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or other 
analogous bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings and, where possible, is not discharged 
or stayed within a period of 30 days (in each case except for the purposes of and 
followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, consolidation or voluntary 
winding-up either (i) on terms previously approved by the Trustee in writing or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary 
(other than a Guarantor), the result of which will be that all or substantially all of the 
Material Subsidiary’s assets and undertaking will be transferred to or otherwise be 
vested in another solvent entity within the Group which is or thereupon becomes a 
Material Subsidiary. If any two directors of such transferee entity certify that, in their 
opinion, such entity is solvent, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certification 
without further investigation or liability); 
(e) 
the Issuer or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent within the 
meaning of Section 123(1)(e) of the Insolvency Act 1986 or is determined by any 
competent court to be insolvent or bankrupt; 
(f) 
any kind of composition, scheme of arrangement, compromise or other similar 
arrangement involving the Issuer or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary and its non- 
Group creditors generally is entered into or made or any moratorium is agreed or is 
declared or comes into effect in relation to all or substantially all of the debts of the 
Issuer or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary owing to non-Group creditors (in each 
case except for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, consolidation or voluntary winding-up either (i) on terms previously 
approved by the Trustee in writing or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders 
or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary (other than a Guarantor), the result of which 
will be that all or substantially all of the Material Subsidiary’s assets and undertaking will 
be transferred to or otherwise be vested in another solvent entity within the Group which 
is or thereupon becomes a Material Subsidiary. If any two directors of such transferee 
entity certify that, in their opinion, such entity is solvent, the Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on such certification without further investigation or liability); 
(g) 
an administrative or other receiver or other similar official is appointed in relation to the 
whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, property and assets of the Issuer 
or any Guarantor or Material Subsidiary as a consequence of bankruptcy or insolvency; 
(h) 
a distress, execution or any similar proceedings is levied or enforced upon or sued out 
against or any involuntary public or private sale procedures are commenced in respect 
of the whole or substantially the whole of the chattels or property of the Issuer or any 
Guarantor or Material Subsidiary and in any such case is not removed, paid out or 
discharged within 60 days; 
(i) 
any present or future Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer or any 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes enforceable and is enforced in respect 
of all or a material part of the assets of the Issuer, or such Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary; 
(j) 
the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens (through an 
action of the board of directors) to cease to carry on business or stops or suspends or 
threatens (through an action of the board of directors) to stop or suspend payment of 
its debts generally (in each case except for the purposes of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, consolidation or voluntary winding-up 
either (i) on terms previously approved by the Trustee in writing or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary (other than a 
Guarantor), the result of which will be that all or substantially all of the Material 
Subsidiary’s assets and undertaking will be transferred to or otherwise be vested in 
another solvent entity within the Group), if any two directors of such transferee entity 
certify that, in their opinion, such entity is solvent, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely 
on such certification without further investigation or liability); or 
(k) 
any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect

--- Page 135 ---
135 
to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (e), (f), (g) or (h) above. 
In this Condition 10: 
“Consolidated EBITDA” means, in respect of any period, the consolidated profit of the Group 
and the profits of any joint venture and associates of the Group for that period: 
(i) 
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) interest payable; 
(ii) 
before any deduction for or on account of taxation; 
(iii) 
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any amount attributable to the 
impairment of goodwill; 
(iv) 
after adding back any amount attributable to the depreciation and impairment of 
property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets and deducting any reversals of 
impairments made in such period (to the extent previously added back to Consolidated 
EBITDA); 
(v) 
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any amount attributable to the 
amortisation or impairment of intangible assets; 
(vi) 
excluding any item of income or expense that is material (either individually or in 
aggregate) and either of an unusual or a non-recurring nature including, without 
limitation, any such item: 
(a) 
in relation to: 
(1) the restructuring of the activities of an entity; 
(2) disposals, revaluations or impairment of non-current assets; or 
(3) disposals of assets associated with discontinued operations; or 
(b) 
which is a reversal of any item falling within this paragraph (vi); and 
(vii) 
excluding the effect under IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 of the fair valuation of derivative assets 
and liabilities, 
all as determined in accordance with IFRS 
“Gross Tangible Assets” means, in relation to the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or 
grouping of the foregoing referred to in the Conditions, the total of the fixed and current assets 
of such entity or grouping, but excluding: 
(i) 
sums due to such entity or grouping from other members of the Group; and 
(ii) 
any amounts attributable to goodwill and other intangible assets, 
as determined in accordance with IFRS. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being. 
“IFRS” means international accounting standards within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002 
on the Application of International Accounting Standards as applied by the Issuer in 
connection with the preparation of its annual audited financial statements at the 31 December 
immediately preceding the relevant issuance of Notes. 
“IFRS 7” means International Financial Reporting Standard 7 (Financial Instruments: 
Disclosures), as in force at the 31 December immediately preceding the relevant issuance of 
Notes. 
“IFRS 9” means International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (Financial Instruments), as in 
force at the 31 December immediately preceding the relevant issuance of Notes. 
A company is a “Subsidiary” of another company, if that other company: 
(i) 
holds a majority of the voting rights in it;

--- Page 136 ---
136 
(ii) 
is a member of it and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of its board of 
directors; or 
(iii) 
is a member of it and controls alone, pursuant to an agreement with other members, a 
majority of the voting rights in it, 
or if it is a Subsidiary of a company that is itself a Subsidiary of that other company. 
“Lease” means any lease entered into by any member of the Group as lessee which would 
be classified as a “lease” under IFRS. 
“Material Subsidiary” means each Subsidiary of the Issuer from time to time, whether owned 
at the date of the issuance of Notes or acquired subsequently: 
(i) 
whose Gross Tangible Assets represents 5% or more of the Gross Tangible Assets of 
the Group, immediately before the relevant company becomes a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer in the case of an acquired Subsidiary of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
whose profit for the financial period of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries then most recently 
ended (calculated with respect to such Subsidiary in the same manner as Consolidated 
EBITDA is calculated) represents 5% or more of Consolidated EBITDA, immediately 
before the relevant company becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer in the case of an 
acquired Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
In the case of such a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries (the “Relevant Group”), the 
calculation shall be made by comparing the Gross Tangible Assets or consolidated profit 
(calculated in the same manner as Consolidated EBITDA is calculated), as the case may be, 
of the Relevant Group to the Gross Tangible Assets or Consolidated EBITDA of the Group. 
A certificate of two directors or a director and a secretary of the Issuer or any Guarantor (as 
the case may be) listing their respective Subsidiaries and stating that in their opinion a 
Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any particular 
period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all parties. 
“Moneys Borrowed” of any person means, without duplication: 
(i) 
any indebtedness for moneys borrowed of such person including, without limitation, 
indebtedness created by means of acceptances, the issue of loan stock and any liability 
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; 
(ii) 
capitalised rental obligations of such person under Leases; and 
(iii) 
any guarantees or indemnities given by such person in respect of any obligations 
described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above of another person not being a member of the 
Group (it being understood that the liability on any date in respect of any guarantee of 
obligations under a credit facility shall be an amount equal to the funded obligations for 
Moneys Borrowed under such facility as of such date). 
 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings 
of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning 
by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of 
these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened 
by Noteholders holding not less than 10% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption 
of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) 
to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, 
the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary

--- Page 137 ---
137 
the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the 
currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify or cancel 
the Guarantee (other than in circumstances described in Condition 11(c) below), or (viii) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the 
necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 
75%, or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25%, in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be 
binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such 
resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes 
be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed that is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the 
Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or 
waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee 
so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
modifications as set out in Condition 5(c)(iv) without the consent of the Noteholders 
and Couponholders. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, 
subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee 
may require, but without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the 
substitution of the Issuer’s successor in business or any Subsidiary (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of the Issuer or its successor in business in place of the Issuer, or of any 
previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions requiring the Trustee to agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the release of a guarantor in 
certain circumstances. In addition the Trust Deed contains provisions requiring the 
Issuer to procure the accession of a new guarantor in certain circumstances. Any such 
release or accession will occur if there is a release of a guarantor, or the accession of 
a new guarantor, under the terms of the Issuer’s multi-currency facilities agreement 
dated 18 November 2010 (as subsequently amended, restated, modified, re-financed 
or replaced from time to time, the “Facilities Agreement”) and will take effect as soon 
as is reasonably practicable following such release or accession under the Facilities 
Agreement. The Issuer will provide to the Trustee not less than 45 days’ notice of any 
planned change of guarantor under the Facilities Agreement before any such change 
is to take effect under the Facilities Agreement. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including 
but not limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the 
interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences 
of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not 
be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim,

--- Page 138 ---
138 
from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of 
any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
 
12. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and 
without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer and/or any Guarantor as 
it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need 
not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the 
Issuer or any Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do 
so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
 
13. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, 
the Guarantors and any entity related to the Issuer or any Guarantor without accounting for 
any profit. 
The Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, 
confirmation or certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial 
institution or any other expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in 
relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into 
by the Trustee or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or 
otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, 
confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate or advice shall 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Noteholders. However, the 
Trustee will have no recourse to the Issuer’s auditors in respect of such certificates or reports 
unless the Issuer’s auditors have agreed to address such certificates or reports to the Trustee. 
 
14. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Luxembourg 
(in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from 
time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that 
such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding 
securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine 
at the time of their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the 
context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming 
a single series with the Notes. Any further securities forming a single series with the 
outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or 
any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the 
Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening

--- Page 139 ---
139 
a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the 
Trustee so decides. 
 
16. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a 
day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of 
Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such 
publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that 
may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly 
any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons 
or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer and the 
Guarantors have in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such 
courts.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
1. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
Each Series of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note 
in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form 
(each a “Permanent Global Note” (and, together with a Temporary Global Note, the “Global 
Notes”)). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a 
“Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented 
by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If the Global Notes are stated in the 
applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche (as defined in 
“Summary”) to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes 
which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates 
will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the Global Certificates are stated in the 
applicable Final Terms to be issued under the New Safekeeping Structure (“NSS”), the Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the 
Common Safekeeper. The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for 
other Global Notes and Definitive Notes are described in this Section. 
Where the Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form or are held under the NSS, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified by or on behalf of the Issuer whether 
or not such Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Neither depositing the Global Notes or Global Certificates (as the case may be) 
with the Common Safekeeper nor indicating that they are to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates may be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary (other than Global 
Certificates in NSS form, which shall be delivered to a Common Safekeeper). 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and delivery of the related Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global 
Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such 
clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by 
the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems 
through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such 
other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing 
system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
 
2. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other permitted clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note 
represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for

--- Page 141 ---
141 
his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder 
of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by 
such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged 
by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered 
Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
In certain circumstances, Investors may also hold interests in the Notes through CREST 
through the issuance of CDIs, representing interests in the underlying Notes. CDIs are 
constituted under English law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by the 
CREST Depository pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. Neither the Notes nor any rights 
attached thereto will be issued, settled, held or transferred within the CREST system other 
than through the issue, settlement holding or transfer of CDIs. CDI holders will not be entitled 
to deal directly in the Notes and, accordingly, all dealings in the Notes will be effected through 
CREST in relation to the holding of CDIs. 
 
3. 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after 
its Exchange Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
TEFRA C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
“Subscription and Sale”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and 
described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, 
if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, such Notes shall be issued only in a principal amount 
which is an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. 
 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after 
its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part 
for Definitive Notes if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system 
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact 
does so. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an 
amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
 
3.3 
Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading 
of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing 
system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant 
clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 
2(b) may only be made in part:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) 
above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
 
3.4 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for 
endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global 
Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a 
Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part 
of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such 
exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that 
details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. 
In this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive 
Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). 
Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust 
Deed. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so 
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant 
Definitive Notes. 
 
3.5 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the 
expiry of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling 
not less than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which 
banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
 
3.6 
Crest Depository Interests 
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in Notes may be delivered, held and 
settled in CREST by means of the creation of CDIs representing the interests in the relevant 
Underlying Notes. The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository to CDI Holders and will 
be governed by English law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the 
Underlying Notes. Pursuant to the CREST Manual, Notes held in global form may be settled 
through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be independent 
securities, constituted under English law which may be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the Underlying Notes will be credited to the CREST Nominee’s account with 
Euroclear and the CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST 
Depository which will issue CDIs to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying Note, for the 
purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. 
The CREST Depository will pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received 
by it as holder of the Underlying Notes on trust for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be 
able to receive from the CREST Depository notices of meetings of holders of Underlying Notes 
and other relevant notices issued by the Issuer.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Transfers of interests in Underlying Notes by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of 
an interest in such Underlying Notes to the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The CDIs will have the same International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) as the 
ISIN of the Underlying Notes and will not require a separate listing on the official list of the 
FCA. 
Prospective subscribers for Notes represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 3 of the 
CREST Manual which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll entered into by the CREST 
Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between 
CREST, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer including the CREST 
Deed Poll (in the form contained in Chapter 3 of the CREST International Manual (which 
forms part of the CREST Manual)) executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be 
different from those of holders of Notes which are not represented by CDIs. 
If issued, CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service. The settlement of the CDIs by means of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI Holders: 
(i) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the Underlying Notes. The CDIs are separate 
legal instruments from the Underlying Notes to which they relate and represent an 
indirect interest in such Underlying Notes. 
(ii) 
The Underlying Notes themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect 
interests in such Underlying Notes) will be held in an account with a custodian. The 
custodian will hold the Underlying Notes through a clearing system. Rights in the 
Underlying Notes will be held through custodial and depository links through the 
appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the Underlying Notes or to interests in 
the Underlying Notes will depend on the rules of the clearing system in or through which 
the Underlying Notes are held. 
(iii) 
Rights under the Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly 
through the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The 
enforcement of rights under the Underlying Notes will therefore be subject to the local 
law of the relevant intermediary. The rights of CDI Holders to the Underlying Notes are 
represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the 
CREST Nominee) holds interests in the Underlying Notes. This could result in an 
elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made in 
respect of the Underlying Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of a relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Notes held in clearing systems are not 
held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same 
accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries. 
(iv) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST 
Deed Poll. CDI Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by 
all provisions of or prescribed pursuant to the CREST Manual and the CREST Rules 
and CDI Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such 
provisions. 
(v) 
Potential Investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST 
Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the issuer of 
the CDIs, the CREST Depository. 
(vi) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, 
warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. 
The attention of potential Investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the 
CREST Manual and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 
33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 207 849 0000 or from the 
CREST website at www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI.  
(vii) 
Potential Investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges,

--- Page 144 ---
144 
costs and expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses 
charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the 
CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or 
become payable in connection with the holding of the CDI’s through the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service. 
(viii) Potential Investors should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the 
Trustee, the Paying Agent or their respective advisers will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations. 
(ix) 
Potential Investors should note that Notes issued in Temporary Global Note form 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note will not be eligible for CREST settlement 
as CDIs. As such, Investors investing in the Underlying Notes through CDIs will only 
receive the CDIs after such Temporary Global Note is exchanged for a Permanent 
Global Note, which could take up to 40 days after the issue of the Underlying Notes. It 
is anticipated that Notes eligible for CREST settlement as CDIs will be issued directly 
in permanent global form. 
 
4. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain 
provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of 
certain of those provisions: 
 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with 
TEFRA D before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments 
in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against 
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the 
Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or 
such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If 
the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global 
Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in 
respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each 
such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in 
the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records 
of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced 
accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will 
discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the 
records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any 
payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 8). 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate 
shall (unless such Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be 
treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated

--- Page 145 ---
145 
as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the 
Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral 
currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, 
whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.) 
 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in 
the nominal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any 
of its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments 
of interest (if any) thereon. 
 
4.6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall 
be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not 
all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect 
of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
 
4.7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes 
are represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the 
Permanent Global Note giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits 
relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in 
the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be 
required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been 
exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised 
and at the same time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent 
Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be 
reduced accordingly. 
 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in 
addition to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant 
clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, 
the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted 
accordingly. 
 
4.9 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or 
Registered Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the 
Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its 
operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with 
entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests as if

--- Page 146 ---
146 
such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global 
Certificate. 
 
4.10 Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to 
become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 by stating in the 
notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is 
becoming due and repayable. 
 
4.11 Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of 
the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note. 
 
5. 
Record Date in respect of Registered Notes 
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes whilst in global form will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the 
record date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the 
date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive 
except 25 December and 1 January. 
 
6. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name 
of any nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Trustee (as the 
case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent”) as defined in the 
Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was 
satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purposes of determining whether 
a Written Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer, 
the Guarantors and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given 
in writing directly to the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, 
by accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or 
Global Certificate or, where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom 
such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly 
with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each 
case, the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee have obtained commercially 
reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding and have taken reasonable 
steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of such consent or 
instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution passed in such 
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant 
consent or instruction proves to be defective. As used in this paragraph, “commercially 
reasonable evidence” includes any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, or issued by an 
accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding 
of interests in the Notes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form 
of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system 
(including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system)

--- Page 147 ---
147 
in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular 
principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount 
of such holding. The Issuer and/or the Guarantors shall not be liable to any person by 
reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently 
found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK RETAIL NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme with a denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) other than in respect of Notes admitted to 
trading only on a UK Regulated Market, or a specific segment thereof, to which only 
qualified investors, as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation, have access 
Final Terms dated [•] International 
Personal Finance plc 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal Finance 
Investments Limited, IPF International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited 
under the EUR 1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[MiFID II product governance / target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in MiFID II; and 
EITHER1 [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]2] OR
3  [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and] [ non-advised sales] [and pure execution services] [, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]4. 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
 
1 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
2 This list may not be necessary especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be 
appropriate. 
3 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed 
necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
“complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
4 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of 
suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); and EITHER
5  [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR
6 [(ii) 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and 
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]7.]] 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in [the Prospectus dated 24 August 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[●] which are incorporated by reference in] the Prospectus dated 24 August 2023] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the UK Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Prospectus[, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
Prospectus dated [12 April 2019]/[13 March 2020]/[26 August 2021]/[25 August 2022]] [Note: 2019 
and 2020 Prospectuses are not approved by the Central Bank of Ireland and must be deleted for 
issuances under the EU Prospectus Regulation] [and the drawdown prospectus dated [10 November 
2020]].8 Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. However, a summary of the 
issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Prospectus has been published on the 
website of 
the Regulatory News Service operated by the London Stock Exchange at: 
http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/prices-and-news/news/market-news/market-
news-home.html] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
International Personal Finance plc 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal 
Finance Investments Limited, IPF 
International Limited and IPF Digital Group 
Limited 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall become 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[●] on [●/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
 
5  Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reﬂected in COBS). 
6 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reﬂected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In 
addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness. 
7 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
8 Include for tap issuances.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [23] below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [●]]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount: 
[●] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [●]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
[●] and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [●]. 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date 
[●] 
8. 
Maturity Date 
[●] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [[EURIBOR/SONIA/ 
WIBOR/PRIBOR/BUBOR/ROBOR 
/TIIE/STIBOR/●] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] [Zero Coupon] (see paragraph 
[14][15][16] below) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put]  
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes [and 
Guarantee] respectively 
obtained. 
[●] and [●]] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
1. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year] 
2. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable (Term Rate)/Applicable 
(Overnight Rate)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR /WIBOR/PRIBOR/ROBOR/ 
BUBOR/SONIA/TIIE/ STIBOR] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●]/[●] London Banking Days prior to the end 
of each Interest Accrual Period] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
[Observation Look-back: 
[●] London Banking Days] 
3. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
[Reference Price: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]]]

--- Page 152 ---
152 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
4. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
5. 
Make-Whole Redemption 
[Applicable/Applicable from, and including, 
[●] to, but excluding, [●]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
6. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Notice period:  
[●] 
7. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Date method, if any, or 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(c) 
Notice period:  
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[101 per cent. per Calculation Amount]  
 
 
(b) 
Negative Rating Event 
Specified Rating 
(Condition 6(f)): 
[●] 
 
 
[(c) 
Put Period: 
 
[●]] 
 
 
[(d) 
Put Date: 
[●]] 
8. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. Early Redemption Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default of other early 
redemption: 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
10. Form of Notice: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
Registered Notes: 
Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
11. Name and address of Registrar: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
12. New Global Note (Bearer Notes): 
[Yes] [No] 
13. Global Certificates (Registered Notes): 
[Yes] [No] 
14. New Safekeeping Structure (Registered 
Notes): 
[Yes] [No]  
15. Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
16. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes.]  
17. Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If the Notes constitute packaged products 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
18. [Floating Rate Notes only – Benchmark: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”) and [●], [●] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of benchmarks and 
administrators established and maintained 
by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”)]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
[Third Party Information 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the] 
[The] Issuer [and the Guarantor(s)] confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
The Issuer 
Signed on behalf of International Personal Finance plc 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
The Guarantors 
Signed on behalf of IPF Holdings Limited 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of International Personal Finance Investments Limited 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of IPF International Limited 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of IPF Digital Group Limited 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 155 ---
155 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
UK Admission: 
[Not Applicable/Application has been made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [the London 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market]], [a] UK 
Regulated Market[s], [●], with effect from [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Regulated or equivalent 
markets on which Notes of the 
same class are already 
admitted to trading: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
2. RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been 
rated]/[Notes issued under the Programme 
are generally rated]: 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]]] 
[Explanation of ratings to be included.] 
3. [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer./[●] 
4. REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Use of proceeds: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]  
 
[(iv)] Estimated total expenses 
related to the admission to 
trading: 
[●]  
5. Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. 
It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. [Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. 
It is not an indication of future yield. 
7. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[●] 
 
FISN: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Names and addresses of additional  
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
Names and addresses of Calculation 
Agent(s) (if not HSBC Bank plc): 
[●]  
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
8. DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(a) 
Names and addresses 
of Dealers and 
underwriting 
commitments. 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Names and addresses 
of Stabilising 
Manager(s) if any 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(ii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
(iii) 
Indication of the overall amount 
of the underwriting commission 
and of the placing commission: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount  
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
C/ TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
UK Public Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Name, LEI (if 
applicable) and address 
[●]

--- Page 157 ---
157 
of financial 
intermediaries 
authorised to offer the 
Notes: 
 
(b) 
Offer Period: 
From [●] to [●]. 
 
(c) 
Further conditions 
attached to the consent 
to use. 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
(d) 
General consent: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [●] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Description of the application process 
any possible amendments, for which 
the offer will be open): (including the 
time period, including 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries and, if so, which 
tranche is so reserved: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place. 
[None]/[●]

--- Page 158 ---
158 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[●]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR UK WHOLESALE NOTES AND EU NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme with a denomination of at least €100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) or less than €100,000 if admitted to trading 
only on a regulated market, or a specific segment thereof (as applicable), to 
which only qualified investors, as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation or the 
UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable), have access 
Final Terms dated [•] 
International Personal Finance plc 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal Finance Investments Limited, 
IPF International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited 
under the EUR 1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU 
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, varied, superseded or 
substituted from time to time (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[MiFID II product governance / target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients, each as defined in MiFID II; and EITHER
9  (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
 
9 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]10] OR
1 1  [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].12 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in [the Prospectus dated 24 August 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[●]] which are incorporated by reference in] the Prospectus dated 24 August 2023 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus[, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from 
the Prospectus dated [12 April 2019]/[13 March 2020]/[26 August 2021]] [and the drawdown 
prospectus dated [10 November 2020]].13 Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) dated [●]]. The Prospectus has been published on the website 
of 
the 
Regulatory 
News 
Service 
operated 
by 
the 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin.]14 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in [the Prospectus dated 24 August 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[●] [which are incorporated by reference in] the Prospectus dated 24 August 2023] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [●] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the UK Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus[, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from 
the Prospectus dated [12 April 2019]/[13 March 2020]/[26 August 2021]] [and the drawdown 
prospectus dated [10 November 2020]]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer 
 
10 This list may not be necessary especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be 
appropriate. 
11 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure 
execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 
25(3) of MiFID II. 
12 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will 
be necessary. 
13 Include for tap issuance. 
14 Include only where EU Notes are to be admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Prospectus. The Prospectus has been published on the website of the Regulatory News Service 
operated by the London Stock Exchange at: http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/prices- and-
news/news/market- news/market-news-home.html]15 
 
1. [(i)] 
Issuer: 
International Personal Finance plc 
 
[(ii)] 
Guarantor: 
IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal 
Finance Investments Limited, IPF 
International Limited and IPF Digital Group 
Limited   
2. [(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [●] on [●/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [23] below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [●] ]].] 
3. Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●]  
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [●]] 
6. (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
[●] and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [●] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7. (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9. Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/WIBOR/PRIBOR/RO 
BOR/BUBOR/TIIE/STIBOR/●] +/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] (see 
paragraph [14][15][16] below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation of 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent of their 
nominal amount. 
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
Applicable/Not Applicable]Put/Call Options: 
 
15 Include only where UK Wholesale Notes are to be admitted to trading on a UK Regulated Market.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put]  
[Issue Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption]  
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] respectively 
obtained. 
[●] [and [●]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date]  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iv) below] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Agent]): 
[●]  
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable (Term Rate)/Applicable 
(Overnight Rate)] 
 
- Reference Rate 
[EURIBOR/ 
WIBOR/PRIBOR/ROBOR/BUBOR/SONIA/TII
E/STIBOR]  
 
- Interest Accrual Period 
[●] 
 
- Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
- Relevant time: 
[●] 
 
- Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[●] London Banking Days prior to the end 
of each Interest Accrual Period] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
- [Observation Look-back: 
[●] London Banking Days] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] [Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
[Reference Price: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
18. Make-Whole Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[●]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
19. Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
Notice period: 
[●] 
20. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Date method, if any, of 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
101 per cent. of the Calculation Amount  
 
(b) 
Negative Rating Event 
Specified Rating 
(Condition 6(f)): 
[●] 
 
[(c) 
Put Period: 
[●]] 
 
[(d) 
Put Date: 
[●]] 
21. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22. Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
Registered Notes: 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
24. Name and address of Registrar: 
Not Applicable]/[●] 
25. New Global Note (Bearer Notes): 
[Yes] [No] 
26. Global Certificates (Registered Notes): [Yes] [No] 
27. New Safekeeping Structure (Registered 
Notes): 
[Yes] [No

--- Page 165 ---
165 
28. Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
29. Talons for future Coupons or attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature):  
[No/Yes]  
30. Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
– (If the Notes constitute packaged products “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
31. Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes constitute packaged products “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
32. [Floating Rate Notes only – Benchmark: Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided 
by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”) and [●], [●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
benchmarks and administrators established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”)] 
 
Third Party Information 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
The Issuer 
Signed on behalf of International Personal Finance plc 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 166 ---
166 
The Guarantors 
Signed on behalf of IPF Holdings Limited 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of International Personal Finance Investments Limited 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of IPF International Limited 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of IPF Digital Group Limited 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 167 ---
167 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. LISTING 
 
(i) 
UK Admission:16 
[Not Applicable/Application has been made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [London Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market], [a] UK 
Regulated Market[s], [●] with effect from [●].] 
[Each set of Final Terms in respect of UK 
Notes will be submitted to [the FCA and the 
LSE] [and] [●] the operator[s] of [a] UK 
Regulated Market[s] and published by the 
Issuer in accordance with the UK Prospectus 
Regulation and in compliance with the other 
requirements of UK law, if applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
EEA Admission:
17 
[Not Applicable/Application has been made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin] [insert relevant 
operator of any other EU Regulated Market] 
with effect from [●]. 
[Each set of Final Terms in respect of EU 
Notes will be submitted to [the Central Bank 
of Ireland] [insert relevant competent 
authorities in any other EU Member State] 
and published by the Issuer in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation and in 
compliance with the other requirements of 
the local law of any relevant EEA Member 
State, if applicable.] 
2. RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]]] 
[Explanation of ratings to be included.] 
3. [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer./[●] 
4. REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Use of proceeds: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]  
 
[(iv)] 
Estimated total expenses 
related to the admission of 
trading: 
[●] 
 
16 Include only where UK Wholesale Notes are to be admitted to trading on a UK Regulated Market. Where no such oﬀering is to be 
made, “Not Applicable” should be selected. 
17 Include only where EU Notes are to be admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market. Where no such offering is to be made, 
“Not Applicable” should be selected.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
5. Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
6. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
 
[Names and addresses of Calculation 
Agent(s) (if not HSBC Bank plc): 
[●]  
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper[, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
C/ TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 169 ---
169 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
The listing of the Programme on the LSE Main Market and the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market is expected to be granted on or about [●] 2023. It is expected that each Tranche of the 
Notes which is to be admitted to listing and trading on a Relevant Market will be so admitted 
separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note (or one or more Certificates) in respect of such Tranche. 
(2) 
The Issuer and the Guarantors have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in the United Kingdom and Ireland (as relevant) in connection with the 
establishment and update of the Programme. The establishment and update of the 
Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of IPF passed on 12 March 2010, 26 
April 2023 and 26 June 2023, respectively, and by the Executive Committee of IPF on 19 
April 2010. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Issuer, any of the Guarantors or the Group since 30 June 2023 and no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or the Group since 31 December 
2022. 
(4) 
There have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened) of which the Issuer is aware during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Prospectus, which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and/or the Group’s financial position 
or profitability. 
(5) 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, 
WIBOR, PRIBOR, ROBOR, BUBOR, STIBOR or TIIE, which are respectively provided by 
the EMMI, the BoE, GPW, the CFBF, the MNB, the Swedish Bankers’ Association and BDM. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the EMMI, GPW and the CFBF appear on the EU 
Benchmarks Register, but not the UK Benchmarks Register. The BoE, the NBR, MNB, the 
Swedish Bankers’ Association and BDM do not appear on the EU Benchmarks Register or 
the UK Benchmarks Register, as benchmarks set by central banks and certain public 
authorities are subject to certain exemptions pursuant to Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and Article 2 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply such that none of 
the EMMI, the CFBF or GPW are currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the UK, recognition, endorsement or equivalence) under the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under one or both of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of an administrator. 
(6) 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s 
or any of the Guarantors’ business, which could result in any member of the Issuer’s Group 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
(7) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year and any Coupon and Talon with 
respect to such a Bearer Note will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who 
holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code”. 
(8) 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). Interests in the 
Notes may also be held through the issuance of CDIs representing the underlying Notes. The 
Common Code, the ISIN and (where applicable) the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and 
the address of CREST is Euroclear UK & Ireland, 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. The 
address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
(9) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms of each Tranche with the Relevant Competent Authority, based on the 
prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(10) For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus, the following documents will 
be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays 
excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer and available at the following 
websites: 
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer 
Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons, and the Talons) 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/debt-
investors/A48948931%20v0.0%20IPF%202022%20EMTN%20Update_Trust%20Deed_
EXECUTED%20(25.08.2022).pdf); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement 
(https://www.ipfin.co.uk/content/dam/ipf/corporate/documents/investors/debt-
investors/Oct%202020%20EMTN_Agency%20Agreement_Execution%20Version.pdf); 
(iii) 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Prospectus; 
(iv) 
any reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements by any expert any part 
of which is extracted or referred to in this Prospectus or any Supplement to this 
Prospectus; 
(v) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer and the Guarantors. For more detail, see (v), (viii), 
(xi), (xiv) and (xvii) under the section headed “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
This Prospectus and the Final Terms for EU Notes will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at: https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
This Prospectus and the Final Terms for UK Notes will be published on the website of the 
Regulatory News Service operated by the London Stock Exchange at: 
http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html. 
(11) The consolidated accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 contained in this Prospectus do not constitute statutory accounts within the meaning of 
Section 434 of the Companies Act. Statutory accounts for the financial years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022 have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in England 
and Wales. The Issuer’s auditors have made a report under Section 495 of the Act on the last 
statutory accounts that was not qualified within the meaning of Section 539 of the Act and did 
not contain a statement made under Section 498(2) or Section 498(3) of the Act. The report of 
the Issuer’s auditors contained the following statement: “This report is made solely to the 
company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members 
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than 
the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the 
opinions we have formed.” 
(12) Statutory accounts for the Guarantors for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in England and 
Wales. The Guarantors’ auditors have made a report under Section 495 of the Act on the last 
statutory accounts that was not qualified within the meaning of Section 539 of the Act and did 
not contain a statement made under Section 498(2) or Section 498(3) of the Act. The report of 
the Guarantors’ auditors contained the following statement: “This report is made solely to the 
company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members 
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than 
the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the 
opinions we have formed.” 
(13) Deloitte LLP of 1 City Square, Leeds LS1 2AL (registered to carry on audit work in the UK by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales) have audited, and rendered

--- Page 171 ---
[ 
1 l 
 
171 
unqualified audit reports on, the accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022 and on the accounts of the Guarantors for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
(14) The yield for any particular Series of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
will be calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant Notes were 
to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. Set out below is 
an example formula for the purposes of calculating the yield of Fixed Rate Notes or Zero 
Coupon Notes. The Final Terms in respect of any Floating Rate Notes will not include any 
indication of yield. 
 
 
1 
Issue Price = Rate of Interest* 
 
1 
 
( 1+ Yield)
 
Yield 
 
 
+ Final Redemption Amount* 
 
 
 
Where: 
“Rate of Interest” means the Rate of Interest expressed as a percentage as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and adjusted according to the frequency (and in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes, means “0”) i.e. for a semi-annual paying Note, the rate of interest is half the 
stated annualised rate of interest in the Final Terms; 
“Yield” means the yield to maturity calculated on a frequency commensurate with the 
frequency of interest payments as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and in the case of 
Zero Coupon Notes, means the Amortisation Yield as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
and 
“n” means the number of interest payments to maturity. 
Set out below is a worked example illustrating how the yield on a Series of Fixed Rate Notes 
could be calculated on the basis of the above formula. It is provided for purposes of illustration 
only and should not be taken as an indication or prediction of the yield for any Series of Notes; 
it is intended merely to illustrate the way which the above formula could be applied. 
Where: 
N = 6 
Rate of Interest = 3.875% 
Issue Price = 99.392 
Final Redemption Amount = 100 
 
 
1 
99.392= 3.875* 
 
1 
 
( 1+ Yield) 
 
Yield 
 
 
= 100* 
 
Yield = 3.99% (calculated by iteration) 
The yield specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes will not be an 
indication of future yield. 
(15) The Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI) of the Issuer, IPF Holdings Limited, International Personal 
Finance Investments Limited, IPF International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limited are: 
• 
IPF: 213800II1O44IRKUZB59 
• 
IPF Holdings Limited: 213800HUU3B1SDA55136 
• 
International Personal Finance Investments Limited: 213800AWWPEBJ2AVAO38 
• 
IPF International Limited: 213800W52VZ5HDX1JW09 
• 
IPF Digital Group Limited: 213800N3POX3DN5FAM26 
 
( 1+ Yield) 
 
( 1+ Yield)

--- Page 172 ---
172 
(16) Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, the 
contents of the Issuer’s website, any website mentioned in this Prospectus or any website 
directly or indirectly linked to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of 
this Prospectus and investors should not rely on such information. 
(17) The language of this Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or 
within this Prospectus has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form 
part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
The following is an index that indicates the location in this Prospectus where certain terms have been 
defined. 
 
$ 4 
$m ....................................................................... 4 
£ 4 
£m ....................................................................... 4 
€ 4 
30/360 ............................................................. 121 
30E/360........................................................... 121 
30E/360 (ISDA) .............................................. 122 
360/360 ........................................................... 121 
Acceptance Statement ..........................18, 102 
Act ..................................................................... 97 
Actual/360 ...................................................... 121 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ........................................ 121 
Actual/365 (Sterling) .................................... 121 
Actual/Actual ................................................ 121 
Actual/Actual – ISDA ................................... 121 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ..................................... 122 
ADR .................................................................. 27 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 107 
Alternative Clearing System ...................... 140 
Alternative Performance Measures ............... 52 
APM ................................................................... 52 
APR .............................................................25, 78 
Arranger ............................................................. 1 
Authorised Offeror Contract ....................... 102 
Authorised Offeror Terms .......................... 100 
Authorised Offerors ..................................... 102 
Bank ............................................................... 130 
Bank Rate ...................................................... 115 
Bearer Notes ................................................. 107 
BNPL ................................................................. 51 
Board ................................................................ 50 
Bond Basis .................................................... 121 
business day .........................................109, 132 
Business Day ................................................ 120 
Calculation Agent(s) .................................... 107 
Calculation Period ....................................... 121 
CCD .................................................................. 78 
CDI Holders ..................................................... 40 
CDIs .................................................................. 40 
CER ................................................................... 57 
Certificates .................................................... 108 
CGNs .............................................................. 140 
Change of Control........................................ 127 
Change of Control Period ........................... 129 
Change of Control Put Date ........................ 128 
Change of Control Put Event ..................... 127 
Change of Control Put Event Notice ........ 128 
Change of Control Put Notice .................... 128 
Change of Control Put Option ................... 127 
Change of Control Put Period ................... 128 
Classic Global Notes .................................... 140 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.......................... 140 
CNB ................................................................... 91 
commercially reasonable evidence .......... 146 
Common Depositary ................................... 140 
Common Safekeeper ................................... 140 
Companies Act ................................................ 42 
Conditions .................................... 107, 149, 160 
Consolidated EBITDA ......................... 111, 135 
Consolidated Interest Payable .................. 111 
Consolidated Net Worth ............................. 111 
Consolidated Total Borrowings ................ 112 
Couponholders ............................................ 107 
Coupons ........................................................ 107 
CREST ............................................................. 40 
CREST Deed Poll ........................................... 40 
CREST Depository ......................................... 40 
CREST International Settlement Links 
Service ......................................................... 40 
CREST Manual ............................................... 40 
CREST Nominee ............................................ 40 
CREST Rules .................................................. 40 
Czech Act on Banks ...................................... 92 
Czech Capital Markets Act ........................... 91 
D1 ........................................................... 121, 122 
D2 ........................................................... 121, 122 
Day Count Fraction ..................................... 121 
Dealer Agreement .......................................... 87 
Dealers ............................................................... 1 
Definitive Notes ........................................... 142 
Designated Territory ..................................... 95 
Determination Date ............................. 123, 126 
Determination Period .................................. 122 
do .................................................................... 114 
EEA .................................................... 2, 148, 159 
EEA Member State ............................................ 2 
Electronic Consent ...................................... 146 
ERMF ................................................................ 50 
EU ....................................................................... 4 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ............ 5, 153, 165 
EU CRA Regulation ......................................... 4 
EU Member State ............................................. 4 
EU PRIIPs Regulation .................................. 148 
EU Prospectus Regulation ............... 2, 148, 159 
EUR .................................................................... 4 
euro .................................................................... 4 
Eurobond Basis ........................................... 121 
Euroclear ....................................................... 140 
Euro-zone ...................................................... 123 
Event of Default ............................................ 133 
Exchange Date ................................................ 142 
Exercise Notice ............................................ 127 
Facilities Agreement ................................... 137 
FATCA ........................................................... 130 
FCA .................................................................... 2 
FCA Announcement ...................................... 34 
Final Terms ....................................................... 2

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Financial Centres ......................................... 132 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act .. 90 
Fitch .................................................................... 4 
FSCS ............................................................. 5, 37 
FSMA .................................................................. 4 
General Consent ....................................18, 100 
Global Certificates ....................................... 140 
Global Notes ................................................. 140 
Gross Tangible Assets ........................112, 135 
Group ........................................ 2, 110, 112, 135 
Guarantee ........................................... 2, 10, 109 
Guarantor .................................................... 2, 10 
Guarantors ......................................... 2, 10, 107 
HMRC ............................................................... 27 
holder ............................................................. 108 
Hungarian Banking Act ................................. 93 
Hungarian Capital Markets Act .................... 92 
IFRS ................................................. 52, 112, 135 
IFRS 7 .....................................................112, 135 
IFRS 9 .....................................................112, 135 
Initial Rating .................................................. 129 
Insurance Distribution Directive ... 3, 148, 159 
interest .....................................................97, 133 
Interest Accrual Period ............................... 123 
Interest Amount ............................................ 123 
Interest Commencement Date ................... 123 
Interest Determination Date ....................... 123 
Interest Period .............................................. 123 
Interest Period Date ..................................... 123 
Investor ............................................................ 99 
Investor’s Currency ....................................... 39 
IPF ................................................................. 2, 10 
IPFIL ................................................................. 17 
ISIN ................................................................. 143 
Issue Date ...................................................... 107 
Issuer ................................................... 2, 10, 102 
Issuer” ............................................................ 107 
Issuing and Paying Agent .......................... 107 
London Banking Day ................................... 114 
M1 ...........................................................121, 122 
M2 ...........................................................121, 122 
Material Subsidiary ...................................... 136 
Mexico .............................................................. 94 
MiFID II .............................................. 2, 148, 159 
Moneys Borrowed ........................................ 112 
Moneys Borrowed”....................................... 136 
Moody’s” ....................................................4, 129 
n 171 
NBH .................................................................. 92 
NBR .............................................................. 5, 94 
Negative Rating Event ................................. 129 
NGN ................................................................ 140 
ni 115 
Noteholder ..................................................... 108 
Notes ..........................................................2, 102 
Observation Look-back ............................... 115 
Offer Period ....................................................... 99 
ORB .................................................................. 39 
p 115 
Paying Agents .............................................. 107 
Permanent Global Note ............................... 140 
Permitted Security Interest......................... 110 
principal ......................................................... 133 
Proceedings ................................................. 139 
Programme ........................................................ 2 
Prospectus ....................................................... 2 
Prospectus” ................................... 102, 149, 160 
Provident Mexico ........................................... 27 
Rate of Interest ..................................... 123, 171 
Rating Agency .............................................. 129 
Record Date .................................................. 130 
Reference Banks ......................................... 123 
Reference Rate ............................................. 123 
Register ......................................................... 108 
Registered Notes ......................................... 107 
Registrar........................................................ 107 
Relevant Announcement Date” ................. 127 
Relevant Date ............................................... 133 
Relevant Financial Centre .......................... 123 
Relevant Group ............................................ 136 
Relevant Indebtedness ................................ 110 
Relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement......................................... 129 
Relevant Screen Page ................................ 124 
Relevant State ................................................ 88 
Relevant Time .............................................. 124 
RFSA ................................................................ 93 
Rolling Twelve Months ............................... 112 
Romanian Banking Law ................................ 94 
Romanian Capital Markets Laws ................ 93 
Rules .............................................................. 100 
S&P ................................................................ 129 
SAT ................................................................... 27 
Securities Act ............................................. 6, 87 
Security Interest .......................................... 109 
Semi-Annual Date ........................................ 112 
Slovak Act on Banks ..................................... 92 
Slovak Bonds Act .......................................... 92 
Slovak Securities and Investment Act ........ 92 
Slovak Stock Exchange Act ........................ 92 
SONIA ...................................................... 36, 115 
SONIAi-pLBD ................................................ 115 
Specific Consent ................................... 18, 100 
Specified Currency...................................... 124 
sterling .............................................................. 4 
Subsidiary ..................................... 110, 112, 135 
Substitute Rating Agency ........................... 129 
T2 .................................................................... 124 
Talons ............................................................ 107 
TARGET Business Day ............................... 120 
TCFD ................................................................. 50 
Temporary Global Note .............................. 140 
Tranche ......................................................... 107 
Transfer Agents ........................................... 107 
Trust Deed .............................................. 18, 107 
Trustee .................................................... 18, 107 
UK Benchmarks Register ............................... 5 
UK Benchmarks Regulation .......... 5, 153, 165 
UK CRA Regulation ......................................... 4 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ......... 6 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ............................. 4, 159 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................... 2 
UK Public Offer .................................. 3, 89, 102 
UK Public Offers ............................................ 99 
UKIAS ............................................................... 52 
Underlying Notes ........................................... 40

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Y1 ............................................................121, 122 
Y2 ............................................................121, 122 
Year-End Date .............................................. 112 
Yield ............................................................... 171

--- Page 176 ---
Registered Office of the Issuer 
International Personal Finance plc 
26 Whitehall Road 
Leeds LS12 1BE 
 
 
 
Registered Office of the Guarantors 
IPF Holdings Limited 
 
International Personal 
IPF International Limited 
26 Whitehall Road 
Finance Investments Limited 
 
26 Whitehall Road 
Leeds LS12 1BE 
 
 26 Whitehall Road 
 
Leeds LS12 1BE 
Leeds LS12 1BE 
IPF Digital Group Limited 
26 Whitehall Road 
Leeds LS12 1BE 
 
Arranger 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London 
E14 5HQ 
 
 
Dealers 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
WH Ireland Limited 
8 Canada Square 
24 Martin Lane 
London E14 5HQ 
London EC4R 0DR 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar, Planta Baja, 28660, 
Boadilla del Monte, Madrid, 
Spain

--- Page 177 ---
Issuing and Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, 
Calculation Agent and Registrar 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
 
 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
8th Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
 
 
Auditors to the Issuer and the Guarantors 
Deloitte LLP 
1 City Square 
Leeds LS1 2AL 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer and the Guarantors 
 To the Dealers and the 
as to English law 
Trustee as to English law 
 
DLA Piper UK LLP 
Linklaters LLP 
160 Aldersgate Street 
One Silk Street 
London EC1A 4HT 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
 
 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 178 ---
International 
Personal 
Finance