--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 22 DECEMBER 2020 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Euro 20,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
unsecured and unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal 
by 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
The Euro 20,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme (the 
Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) has been established by Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. (in its capacity as issuer of the Covered Bonds, as herein defined below, Intesa 
Sanpaolo, the Bank or the Issuer) for the issuance of obbligazioni bancarie garantite (Covered Bonds 
which term includes, for avoidance of doubt the Registered Covered Bonds as defined below) 
guaranteed by ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. pursuant to Article 7-bis of Law no. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as 
subsequently amended, the Law 130) and regulated by the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance no. 310 of 14 December 2006 (the MEF Decree) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank 
of Italy relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 
2013, containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended 
(the BoI OBG Regulations). 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. (the Covered Bonds Guarantor) issued a first demand (a prima richiesta), 
autonomous, unconditional and irrevocable (irrevocabile) guarantee (garanzia autonoma) securing the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (the Covered Bonds Guarantee), in 
accordance with the provisions of Law 130 and of the MEF Decree. The obligation of payment under 
the Covered Bonds Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the Portfolio and the Available Funds (as 
defined herein). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
CSSF), which is the competent authority under Regulation EU 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as a base prospectus for the purpose of article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the Covered 
Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus. Potential investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in Covered Bonds. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
“Glossary” included herein, unless otherwise defined in the single section of this Base Prospectus in 
which they are used.

--- Page 2 ---
Where Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less 
than Euro 100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currencies, including 
Euro, US Dollar, Japanese Yen, Swiss Franc and UK Sterling. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall 
accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, annually or on such other basis as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below), in arrear at fixed 
or floating rate, increased or decreased by a margin. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a 
discounted price with no interest accruing and repayable at nominal value (zero-coupon Covered 
Bonds). 
The terms of each Series will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Series prepared in 
accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if listed, to be delivered to the CSSF and 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Series.  
Application has been made for Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 (twelve) months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU. In addition, the Issuer and each Relevant Dealer (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds”) named under “Subscription and Sale” may agree to make an application to list 
a Series on any other stock exchange as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Programme also 
permits Covered Bonds to be issued on an unlisted basis. 
As referred to in Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019, by 
approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and 
solvency of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from the date of approval in relation to Covered 
Bonds (until 22 December 2021) which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Covered bonds may be issued in dematerialised form or in registered form also as German governed 
registered covered bonds (Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung) (the Registered Covered Bonds). 
The terms and conditions of the Registered Covered Bonds (the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions), which will differ from the terms and conditions set out in the section headed Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds, will specify the minimum denomination for Registered Covered 
Bonds, which might not be listed. This Base Prospectus does not relate to the Registered Covered 
Bonds, which may be issued by the Issuer under the Programme pursuant to either separate 
documentation or the documents described in this Base Prospectus after having made the necessary 
amendments. The approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF does not cover any Registered 
Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, or to LIBOR, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ICE 
Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR) and the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI as administrator of EURIBOR) are included in the register of administrators and benchmarks

--- Page 3 ---
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the BMR). 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form to be issued on or after the date hereof will be held 
on behalf of their ultimate owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(Monte Titoli) for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression Monte 
Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depositary banks appointed 
by Euroclear Bank S.A. / N.V. as operator of the Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, B-1210 Bruxelles (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855, Luxembourg (Clearstream). Each Series of Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form is and 
will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds” below). Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. The 
Covered Bonds will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be 
evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (Financial Law) and implementing regulation and with the joint regulation of the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 
2018and published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical 
document of title is and will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Before the Maturity Date the Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in 
whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set out in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Each Series may, upon the relevant issue, be assigned a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
by Moody’s France S.A.S. (Moody’s or the Rating Agency) and/or any other rating agency which may 
be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the 
remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant time provides ratings 
in respect of any series of Covered Bonds. Conditions precedent to the issuance of any Series include 
that the rating letter assigning the rating to such Series of Covered Bonds is issued by the Rating 
Agency. Whether or not the credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom 
(UK) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the CRA Regulation) will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (or is endorsed and published or distributed 
by subscription by such a credit rating agency in accordance with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK but endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) is obliged to 
maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of 
credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject 
to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agency. 
For a discussion of certain risks and other factors that should be considered in connection with 
an investment in the Covered Bonds, see the section entitled “Risk Factors” of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
the section headed “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to

--- Page 4 ---
which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Arranger and Dealer 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 December 2020.

--- Page 5 ---
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information containted in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect the importance of such information. 
The Covered Bonds Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base 
Prospectus in the section headed “Description of the Covered Bonds Guarantor” and any other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor those parts of this Base Prospectus for which the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
is responsible are in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the importance of 
such information. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered 
Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto along 
with any document incorporated herein by reference (see section “Documents incorporated by 
reference”) and in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, with the combination of the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
Documents Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
section headed “Glossary”, unless otherwise defined in the single section of this Base Prospectus 
in which they are used.  
The Issuer and, with respect to the information relating to itself only, the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
have confirmed to the Dealer (as defined herein) that this Base Prospectus contains all information with 
regard to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds which is material in the context of the Programme and the 
issue and offering of Covered Bonds thereunder; that the information contained herein is accurate in all 
material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed by it herein are 
honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the 
Issuer, the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or any statement therein or 
opinions or intentions expressed therein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable 
enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding 
markets and market share of the Issuer or the Group are either derived from, or are based on, internal 
data or publicly available data from external sources. In addition, the sources for the rating information 
set out in the sections headed “Ratings” of this Base Prospectus are the following rating agencies: Fitch 
Ratings Limited, Moody’s France S.A.S., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and DBRS Rating 
GmbH (each as defined below). In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted 
from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the

--- Page 6 ---
Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the 
information provided by such sources. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor to disclose any 
information or to make any representation which is not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied 
by the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealer or any 
party to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Conditions).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following its date of approval and it and any supplement 
hereto as well as any Final Terms filed within these twelve months reflects the status as of their 
respective dates of issue. The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as an 
implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to 
their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the 
Issuer since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealer to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete and 
has further agreed with the Dealer to furnish a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds and which 
arises or is noted between the time when this Base Prospectus has been approved and the final closing 
of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading 
of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on a regulated market begins, in respect of Covered Bonds 
issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, with exception 
of the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Asset Monitor (only with respect to the section 
“Description of the Asset Monitor”), is responsible for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference, or any supplement thereof, or any Final 
Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted 
by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy 
and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
Neither the Dealer, nor the Arranger have separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Dealer or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the 
Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealer that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential 
purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. None of the Dealer or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealer or the Arranger. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted

--- Page 7 ---
by law. Any persons into possession of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by 
the Issuer and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. In particular, 
the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States of America or to U.S. persons.  
Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Covered Bonds to or through one or more underwriters, dealers 
and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly to purchasers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) 
constitutes an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms is required and shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Where a claim relating to the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a member State of the European Economic Area (a 
Member State), the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the Member State where the claim 
is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings 
are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to € or euro or Euro are to the single currency introduced at the 
start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing 
the European Union, as amended; references to U.S.$ or U.S. Dollar are to the currency of the Unites 
States of America; references to £ or UK Sterling are to the currency of the United Kingdom; reference 
to Japanese Yen is to the currency of Japan; reference to Swiss Franc or CHF are to the currency of 
the Swiss Confederation; references to Italy are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and 
regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references to 
billions are to thousands of millions. 
Certain monetary amounts and currency conversions included in this Base Prospectus have been subject 
to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the 
purchase of such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in 
this Base Prospectus and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its 
compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be 
responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the 
Arranger or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 8 ---
In connection with the issue of any Series under the Programme, the Dealer or the Dealers (if 
any) which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager (the Stabilising 
Manager) or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager may over-allot any such Series or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price such Series at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there may be no obligation on 
the Stabilising Manager (or any agent of the Stabilising Manager) to do this. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of 
the offer of the Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of any such Series. Such stabilising shall be in compliance with all applicable 
laws, regulations and rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Cover 
Bonds include a legend entitled Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors, the Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) or in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 (IDD), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
or the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 9 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................ 10 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 54 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 82 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus ...................................................................................................... 87 
Description of the Issuer ....................................................................................................................... 88 
Regulatory Section .............................................................................................................................. 139 
Description of the Covered Bonds Guarantor ..................................................................................... 156 
Description of the Asset Monitor ........................................................................................................ 162 
Description of the Portfolio ................................................................................................................ 163 
Collection and Recovery Procedures .................................................................................................. 166 
Credit Structure ................................................................................................................................... 179 
Accounts and Cash Flows ................................................................................................................... 189 
Cash Flows .......................................................................................................................................... 195 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 200 
Description of the Transaction Documents ......................................................................................... 201 
Selected Aspects of Italian Law .......................................................................................................... 219 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds ..................................................................................... 228 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................... 296 
Responsibility for Third Party Information ........................................................................................ 303 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy ........................................................................................................ 310 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 318 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 323 
Glossary .............................................................................................................................................. 328

--- Page 10 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section contains a general description of the Programme pursuant to Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and, as such, does not purport to be complete and 
is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any Series or Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers of Covered 
Bonds should carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making 
an investment decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered 
condition are to such condition in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below. 
Structure Diagram

--- Page 11 ---
1. 
PRINCIPAL PARTIES 
Issuer 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a bank organised as a joint stock 
company under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose 
registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, Turin, Italy and 
secondary office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, Milan, Italy, 
incorporated with Fiscal Code number and registration number 
with the Turin Register of Enterprises 00799960158, delegate 
of Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group VAT under number 
11991500015, enrolled under number 5361 in the register of 
banks held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act, holding company of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Banking Group, enrolled in the register of banking 
groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act (the Issuer or Intesa Sanpaolo or 
ISP). 
Arranger 
Intesa Sanpaolo (or the Arranger).  
Dealer 
As of the date hereof Intesa Sanpaolo (the Dealer), and any 
entity so appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the terms 
of the Dealer Agreement.  
Covered Bonds Guarantor 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. a limited liability company 
incorporated under Article 7-bis of Law 130, whose registered 
office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan, Italy, 
incorporated with Fiscal Code number and registration number 
with the Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi Register of Enterprises 
no. 05936150969, belonging to the Gruppo Bancario Intesa 
Sanpaolo, subject to the direction and coordination (direzione 
e coordinamento) pursuant to Article 2947-bis of Italian Civil 
Code, of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, as the case may be part of the group of which ISP 
is parent company (the Intesa Sanpaolo Group or the 
Group)). 
The issued capital of the Covered Bonds Guarantor is equal to 
Euro 120,000.00, 60 per cent. owned by the Issuer and 40 per 
cent. owned by Stichting Viridis 2. 
Seller 
Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as seller under the Master 
Transfer Agreement (the Seller). 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank (each an Additional Seller), other than the Seller, 
which is a member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, may sell 
Public Assets or Integration Assets (as defined below) to the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain 
conditions, and that, for such purpose, shall, inter alia, enter 
into a master transfer agreement, substantially in the form of 
the Master Transfer Agreement, a servicing agreement, 
substantially in the form of the Servicing Agreement, and a

--- Page 12 ---
subordinated loan agreement, substantially in the form of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, and shall accede to the 
Intercreditor Agreement (which will be amended in order to 
take into account the granting of additional subordinated loans) 
and the other Transaction Documents executed by the Seller. 
Servicer 
Intesa Sanpaolo, in its capacity as servicer under the Servicing 
Agreement (the Servicer). 
Successor Servicer 
The party or parties (the Successor Servicer) which will be 
appointed in order to perform, inter alia, the servicing 
activities performed by the Servicer, and any successor or 
replacing entity thereto following the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event (for a more detailed description see 
“Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing 
Agreement”). 
Administrative Services Provider  
Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as administrative services 
provider under the Administrative Services Agreement (the 
Administrative Services Provider). 
Portfolio Manager 
The entity to be appointed under the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement in order to carry out certain activities in connection 
with the sale of Public Assets, following the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event 
of Default (the Portfolio Manager). 
Asset Monitor 
BDO Italia S.p.A., a joint stock company incorporated under 
the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at 
Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Milan, Monza-
Brianza, Lodi no. 07722780967, and enrolled under 167911 in 
the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for 
Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office 
pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 39 of 27 January 2010 and 
the Ministerial decree no. 145 of 20 June 2012 (the Asset 
Monitor). 
Cash Manager 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., through its branch whose registered 
office is at Via Verdi 8, Milan in its capacity as cash manager 
under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the 
Cash Manager). 
Receivables Collection Account 
Bank 
Intesa Sanpaolo, with which the Receivables Collection 
Accounts (as defined below) are opened and held in the name 
of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, on which all the amounts 
collected or recovered by the Servicer in respect of the 
Portfolio will be transferred in accordance with the terms of 
the Servicing Agreement and the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement (the Receivables Collection Account 
Bank). 
 
The Receivables Collection Accounts will be maintained with 
the Receivables Collection Account Bank for as long as it

--- Page 13 ---
maintains the Minimum Required Receivables Collection 
Account Bank Rating provided for under the Transaction 
Documents. 
Account Bank 
Intesa Sanpaolo, with which the Securities Collection 
Accounts, the Investment Account, the Securities Account, the 
Eligible Investments Account, the Quota Capital Account, the 
Expenses Account and the Corporate Account (the Other 
Accounts and together with the Receivables Collection 
Accounts the Accounts) are opened and held in the name of 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor in accordance with the terms of 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the Account 
Bank). 
 
The Accounts will be maintained with the Account Bank for 
as long as it maintains the Minimum Required Account Bank 
Rating provided for under the Transaction Documents. 
Calculation Agent  
Banca 
Finanziaria 
Internazionale 
S.p.A. 
(formerly 
Securitisation Services S.p.A.), breviter Banca Finint S.p.A., a 
bank incorporated under the laws of Italy as a “società per 
azioni”, with a sole shareholder, having its registered office in 
Via V. Alfieri,1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, share capital 
of Euro 71,817,500.00 fully paid up, tax code and enrolment 
in the Companies’ Register of Treviso-Belluno number 
04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA FININT S.P.A.” - 
VAT number 04977190265, registered in the Register of the 
Banks under number 5580 pursuant to article 13 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and in the Register of the Banking 
groups as Parent Company of the Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale Banking Group, member of the “Fondo 
Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi” and of the “Fondo 
Nazionale di Garanzia”.  
CB Hedging Counterparty 
Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party (each, a CB Hedging 
Counterparty 
and 
together, 
the 
CB 
Hedging 
Counterparties) that, from time to time, will enter into a CB 
Swap (as defined below) with the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
for the hedging of currency risk and/or interest rate risk on the 
Covered Bonds. 
TBG 1 Hedging Counterparty 
Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party (each, a TBG 1 Hedging 
Counterparty 
and 
together, 
the 
TBG 
1 
Hedging 
Counterparties) that, from time to time, will enter into a TBG 
1 Swap (as defined below) with the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
for the hedging of currency and/or interest rate risk on the 
Portfolio. 
TBG 2 Hedging Counterparty 
Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party (each, a TBG 2 Hedging 
Counterparty 
and 
together, 
the 
TBG 
2 
Hedging 
Counterparties and jointly with the TBG 1 Hedging 
Counterparties, the TBG Hedging Counterparties and 
together with the CB Hedging Counterparties, the Hedging 
Counterparties) that, from time to time, will enter into a TBG

--- Page 14 ---
2 Swap (as defined below) with the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
for the hedging of currency and/or interest rate risk on the 
Portfolio. 
Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. a bank incorporated under the laws of 
the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza del 
Calendario no. 3, Milan, Italy, in its capacity as paying agent 
of the Covered Bonds under the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement (the Paying Agent). 
 
Any reference to the Paying Agent included in this Base 
Prospectus, shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
reference to additional paying agent and/or the N Paying Agent 
appointed by the Issuer in relation to a specific Series of 
Covered Bonds or Registered Covered Bonds. 
Swap Service Providers 
Intesa Sanpaolo and Intesa Sanpaolo Group Services S.c.p.A., 
a limited liability consortium (società consortile per azioni) 
whose registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, Turin, 
registered under the Register of Enterprises of Turin No. 
07975420154, VAT number 04932231006, belonging to the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group and under the management and 
coordination (direzione e coordinamento), pursuant to Article 
2497 bis of the Italian Civil Code, of Intesa Sanpaolo, in their 
capacity as swap service providers under the ISP Mandate 
Agreement (the Swap Service Providers). 
Registrar 
Any institution which may be appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the Registered 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (the Registrar), 
provided that if the Issuer will keep the register and will not 
delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be 
construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
N Paying Agent  
Any institution appointed from time to time by the Issuer to act 
as paying agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme (the N Paying Agent). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. a bank incorporated under 
the laws of Luxembourg, whose registered office is at 2 
Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, Luxembourg 1115, in its 
capacity as Luxembourg listing agent under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent). 
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders  
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., in its own capacity 
and as representative of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders 
(the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders). 
Rating Agency 
Moody’s France S.A.S. (Moody’s or the Rating Agency) 
and/or any other rating agency which may be appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of 
Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the

--- Page 15 ---
Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant time 
provides ratings in respect of any series of Covered Bonds. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Covered 
Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The credit ratings 
included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been 
issued by Moody’s which is established in the European Union 
and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such Moody's 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such CRA Regulation. 
Ownership or control relationships 
between the principal parties 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect 
ownership or control relationships exist between the principal 
parties described above in this Section, other than the 
relationships existing between the Issuer and the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor all of which pertain to the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. 
2. 
THE COVERED BONDS AND THE PROGRAMME 
Description 
Euro 20,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie 
Garantite) Programme. 
Programme Amount  
Up to Euro 20,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, 
and the Euro exchange rate used shall be included in the Final 
Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding (the Programme Limit). The Programme Limit 
may be increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement and, according to Article 18, letter (i), of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 
March 2019, the Issuer will publish a supplement to this 
Prospectus.  
Distribution of the Covered Bonds The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with the 
relevant selling restrictions. 
Selling Restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution of offering material in certain jurisdictions may be 
subject to certain selling restrictions. Persons who are in 
possession of this Base Prospectus are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealer and the Arranger to inform themselves about, and 
to observe, any such restriction. The Covered Bonds have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Covered Bonds may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to US 
persons. There are further restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the 
European Economic Area (including the Republic of Ireland, 
Germany, and the Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom and

--- Page 16 ---
Japan. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and 
sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” 
below. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Covered Bonds to or 
through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, 
including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly to purchasers. 
Currencies 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in Euro, UK Sterling, 
Swiss Franc, Japanese Yen and US Dollar, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or in any other currency, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) (each a 
Specified Currency), subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements, in which case the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
and/or the Issuer may enter into certain agreements in order to 
hedge inter alia its currency exchange exposure in relation to 
such Covered Bonds. Payments in respect of Covered Bonds 
may, subject to such compliance, be made in or linked to, any 
currency other than the currency in which such Covered Bonds 
are denominated. 
Denominations 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds (other 
than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal or regulatory or 
central bank requirements (see Condition 3 (Form, 
Denomination and Title)). Registered Covered Bonds will be 
issued in such denominations indicated in the applicable 
Registered Covered Bonds Conditions. 
Minimum Denomination 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bonds (other 
than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be Euro 100,000 or 
such other integral multiples of another smaller amount (or, 
where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The minimum 
denomination for the Registered Covered Bonds will be 
specified in the relevant Registered Covered Bonds 
Conditions. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series may be issued at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case, the Issue 
Price for such Series). 
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series pursuant to and in accordance with 
the Dealer Agreement (each, the Issue Date in relation to such 
Series). 
Initial Issue Date 
The date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series of 
Covered Bonds (the Initial Issue Date).

--- Page 17 ---
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the Conditions and, the relevant Final 
Terms, subject in each case, to the extent provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention (as defined in the 
Conditions) (such date, a CB Payment Date). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date 
(or, in the case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
CB Payment Date (or, in the case of the last CB Interest Period, 
the Maturity Date) (each such period, a CB Interest Period). 
Interest Commencement Date 
In relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date of 
such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as 
the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms 
(Interest Commencement Date). 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued and will be held in 
dematerialised form or as German governed registered covered 
bonds 
(Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung) 
(the 
Registered Covered Bonds), or in any other form as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. Each Series will be 
deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date. Monte 
Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. 
The Covered Bonds will, at all times, be held in book entry 
form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book 
entries in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis 
et seq. of the Financial Law and the relevant implementing 
regulations and (ii) Regulation 13 Augsut 2018. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered 
Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder in the 
form 
of 
a 
Registered 
Covered 
Bond 
(Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung), each issued with a minimum 
denomination indicated in the relevant Registered Covered 
Bond terms and conditions (the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions).  
 
The 
relevant 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung), together with the related 
Registered Covered Bond Conditions attached thereto and any 
other document expressed to govern such Series of Registered 
Covered Bonds, will constitute the full terms and conditions of 
the relevant Series of Registered Covered Bonds.

--- Page 18 ---
In the case of Registered Covered Bonds, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being set out, specified, stated, 
shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms, shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated 
or otherwise provided in the Registered Covered Bond 
(Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung), the Registered 
Covered Bond Conditions attached thereto or other related 
agreements and, as applicable, each other reference to Final 
Terms in this Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a 
reference to such Registered Covered Bond (Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung) or the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions attached thereto or the relevant Registered Covered 
Bond agreement. 
 
Any reference to a Covered Bondholder shall be referred to the 
holder of a Covered Bond and/or the registered holder for the 
time being of a Registered Covered Bond (the Registered 
Covered Bondholder) as the context may require. 
 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds is deemed to be not 
effective until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar a 
duly executed copy of the Registered Covered Bond certificate 
relating to such Registered Covered Bond along with a duly 
executed Registered Covered Bond assignment agreement. A 
transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination 
indicated in the applicable Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions or multiples thereof. 
 
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references 
in this Base Prospectus to the Conditions or a particularly 
numbered Condition shall be construed, where relevant (and 
unless specified otherwise), as references to the equivalent 
Condition in the relevant Registered Covered Bond Conditions 
as supplemented by any applicable document.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, Registered Covered Bonds are not 
and will not be subject to the generally applicable terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds (contained in the section 
headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”). No 
Final Terms will be issued in respect of Registered Covered 
Bonds. 
Types of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds may be 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds may be repayable 
in one or more instalments or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series shall be 
comprised of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds only or

--- Page 19 ---
such other Covered Bonds accruing interest on such other basis 
and at such other rate as may be so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms only. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: fixed interest on the Covered 
Bonds will be payable in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms, on such date as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the Relevant Dealers (as defined below) and on redemption, 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
will bear interest at a rate determined in accordance with the 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealers for each Series of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each CB 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer, will be payable on such CB Payment Dates, 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest. 
Rating of the Covered Bonds 
The issue of any Series of Covered Bonds (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be rated by the 
Rating Agency and/or any other rating agency which may be 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any 
issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the 
Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant time 
provides ratings in respect of any series of Covered Bonds. 
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms 
from each other, subject to the terms set out in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of such Series. Covered Bonds of 
different Series will not be fungible among themselves. Each 
Series may be issued in more than one Tranche (as defined 
under the Conditions) (excluding any Series of Registered 
Covered Bonds, which may be issued in single Series only) 
which are identical in all respects, but having different issue 
dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices, and dates for 
first interest payments and may be issued in different 
currencies (provided that Tranches issued in different 
currencies will not be fungible among themselves). The Issuer

--- Page 20 ---
will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent of the 
holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but subject to 
certain conditions (see “Conditions Precedent to the Issuance 
of a new series of Covered Bonds” below). Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the term “Series” shall mean in the case of 
Registered Covered Bonds, each Registered Covered Bonds 
made out in the name of a specific Registered Covered 
Bondholder. 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance 
with the generally applicable terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the Conditions) prior to the issue of each 
Series detailing certain relevant terms thereof which, for the 
purposes of that Series only, completes the Conditions and the 
Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus (such specific final terms, the Final Terms). The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series are the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
 
In the case of Registered Covered Bonds, each other reference 
to Final Terms in the Prospectus shall be construed and read as 
a reference to such Registered Covered Bond (Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung), the Registered Covered Bond 
Conditions and any other related agreements. 
Interest on the Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless 
otherwise specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds will be interest-bearing and interest 
will be calculated on the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. Interest will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the 
Conditions and in the relevant Final Terms. Interest may 
accrue on the Covered Bonds at a fixed rate or a floating rate 
or on such other basis and at such rate as may be so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the Issue Date and the Maturity 
Date of the relevant Series. 
Margin Step-up 
Final Terms may specify, with respect to a Series of Covered 
Bonds which are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, that, in the 
event such Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full on the 
Maturity Date (as defined under the relevant terms and 
conditions), the margin payable on such Covered Bonds 
increases in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Interest Rate Conversion 
The relevant Final Terms may specify, with respect to a Series 
of Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, that, 
in the event such Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full on 
the Maturity Date, the interest rate payable on such Covered 
Bonds converts to a floating rate index plus a conversion 
margin in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 21 ---
Redemption of the Covered Bonds The applicable Final Terms will indicate either (a) that the 
Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in specified instalments, if applicable, or 
in other specified cases, e.g. taxation reasons, or Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Events of Default), or (b) that such Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon 
giving notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
(the Covered Bondholders), or at the option of the Covered 
Bondholders upon deposit of a notice by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders with the Paying Agent, and in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) and 
of the relevant Final Terms, on a date or dates specified prior 
to such maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealers 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds will be equal to the principal amount of such Series. 
 
Covered Bonds may be redeemable in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) and the 
relevant Final Terms but in any case the redemption amount 
shall be at least equal to par value. Covered Bonds may also be 
redeemable in two or more instalments on such dates and in 
such manner as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Gross Up and Redemption for 
taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the 
Issuer will be made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed by Italy, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Taxation). 
 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made 
subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
FATCA. 
 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be 
made, the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted. In such circumstances and 
provided that such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the Covered Bonds 
will be redeemable (in whole, but not in part) at the option of 
the Issuer. See Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
 
The Covered Bonds Guarantor will not be liable to pay any 
additional amount due to taxation reasons following an Issuer 
Event of Default (as defined below). 
Maturity Date 
The Maturity Date for each Series will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the currency of the

--- Page 22 ---
Covered Bonds. Unless previously redeemed as provided in 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the Covered Bonds 
of each Series will be redeemed at their Outstanding Principal 
Balance on the relevant Maturity Date.  
Extendable Maturity  
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the 
obligations of the Covered Bonds Guarantor to pay all or (as 
applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on 
the Maturity Date may be deferred to a later date pursuant to 
Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity) (the Extended 
Maturity Date). Such deferral may occur, if so stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, automatically if: 
 
(a) 
an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred; and 
 
(b) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor has, on the Extension 
Determination Date, insufficient Available Funds (in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payments) to pay in full any amount representing the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date (the 
Extendable Maturity). 
 
In these circumstances, to the extent that the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor has sufficient Available Funds (as defined below) 
to pay in part the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor shall make partial payment of the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount, in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Default Priority of Payments (as defined below), without any 
preference among the Covered Bonds outstanding, except in 
respect of maturities of each Series. 
 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically 
until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that, any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter, 
up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid 
amount up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity). 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended 
as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 Event, 
upon termination of the suspension period and withdrawal of 
the Article 74 Notice to Pay, the Issuer shall resume 
responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under any 
Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which an Extandable 
Maturity has occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount 
shall be due for payment on the last Business Day of the month 
in which the Article 74 Notice to Pay has been withdrawn.

--- Page 23 ---
Long Dated Covered Bonds 
If the Extended Maturity Date is set at the Long Date Due for 
Payment Date in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Covered Bonds will be considered Long Dated Covered 
Bonds. 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds 
If no Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect to a Series of 
Covered Bonds (the Hard Bullet Covered Bonds) will be due 
for payment on the Maturity Date and the Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Test shall apply. 
Ranking of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer – guaranteed by the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor by means of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantee (as defined below) – and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, except in respect of 
maturities of each Series, and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the 
same maturity of each Series of the Covered Bonds, from time 
to time outstanding. 
Recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 
130 and the MEF Decree (as defined below) and with the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Transaction Documents (as 
defined below), the Covered Bondholders will benefit from 
full recourse to the Issuer and limited recourse to the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor (see Section Credit Structure). The 
obligation of the Covered Bonds Guarantor under the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the Portfolio. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may (and in 
the case of an Approved Reorganisation – as defined under the 
Conditions – shall) agree with the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) and the Covered Bonds Guarantor at any time 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders: 
 
(a) 
to the substitution in place of Intesa Sanpaolo (or of 
any previous substitute) as principal debtor under the 
Covered Bonds by a Substitute Obligor by way of an 
Issuer obligation transfer agreement without recourse 
to the Issuer (accollo liberatorio); or  
 
(b) 
to an Approved Reorganisation; or 
 
(c) 
that Intesa Sanpaolo (or any previous substitute) may, 
other than by means of an Approved Reorganisation, 
consolidate with, merge into or amalgamate with any 
successor company, 
 
provided that, inter alia:

--- Page 24 ---
(i) 
the obligations of the Substitute Obligor or the 
Resulting Entity under the Covered Bonds shall be 
irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by Intesa 
Sanpaolo (on like terms as to subordination, if 
applicable, to those of the Covered Bonds Guarantee);  
 
(ii) 
(other than in the case of an Approved Reorganisation) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is 
satisfied that the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
will not be materially prejudiced thereby; 
 
(iii) 
the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity agrees, 
in form and manner satisfactory to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, to be bound by the terms 
and conditions of the Covered Bonds and all the 
Transaction Documents in respect to any Series of 
Covered Bonds still outstanding, by means of 
executing agreements and documents substantially in 
the same form and substance of the Transaction 
Documents; and 
 
(iv) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is 
satisfied that (a) the Resulting Entity or Substituted 
Obligor has obtained all governmental and regulatory 
approvals and consents necessary for its assumption of 
liability as principal debtor in respect of the Covered 
Bonds in place of the Issuer (or such previous 
substitute as aforesaid), and (b) such approvals and 
consents are, at the time of substitution, Approved 
Reorganisation 
or 
consolidation, 
merger, 
amalgamation other than by means of an Approved 
Reorganisation, as the case may be, in full force and 
effect. 
 
Upon the assumption of the obligations of the Issuer by a 
Substitute Obligor or a Resulting Entity (as defined under the 
Conditions) a successor company, Intesa Sanpaolo shall have 
no further liabilities under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Provisions of Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all provisions of 
the Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, 
each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered 
Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound by 
the terms of each of the Transaction Documents signed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as if such Covered 
Bondholder was a signatory thereto. 
Conditions Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new Series of 
Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) at its option, on 
any date and without the consent of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds issued beforehand and of any other creditors of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor or of the Issuer, to issue further

--- Page 25 ---
Series of Covered Bonds other than the first issued Series, 
subject to: 
 
(i) 
issuance of a rating letter by the Rating Agency with 
respect to such further issue of Covered Bonds; and 
 
(ii) 
satisfaction of the Tests; and  
 
(iii) 
compliance 
with 
(a) 
the 
requirements 
of 
issuing/assigning banks (Requisiti delle banche 
emittenti e/o cedenti; see Section II, Para. 1 of the BoI 
OBG Regulations; the Conditions to the Issue) and 
(b) Limits to the Assignment, if applicable; 
 
(iv) 
no Article 74 Event (as defined below) having 
occurred; 
 
(v) 
no Issuer Event of Default or Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Event of Default (as defined below) having 
occurred; 
 
(vi) 
(1) the Reserve Funds Required Amount, the ATI 
Commingling Reserve Amount, the CB Swaps 
Accumulation Amount and the Interest Accumulation 
Amount (if and to the extent due) have been credited 
on the Investment Account, on the immediately 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date or (2) the amounts 
standing to the credit of the Accounts are sufficient, 
taking into account the amounts to be paid under 
points (i) to (iv) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments, to constitute the Reserve Funds 
Required Amount, the ATI Commingling Reserve 
Amount, the CB Swaps Accumulation Amount and 
the Interest Accumulation Amount (if and to the extent 
due), on the next Guarantor Payment Date. 
 
It is a condition precedent to the issue of Long Dated Covered 
Bonds that no Series of Covered Bonds which are not Long 
Dated Covered Bonds are outstanding. 
 
It is a condition precedent to the issue of a Series of Covered 
Bonds which are not Long Dated Covered Bonds that no Series 
of Long Dated Covered Bonds are outstanding.  
 
The payment obligations under the Covered Bonds issued 
under all Series shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets 
included in the Portfolio, through the Covered Bonds 
Guarantee (as defined below) (see also Section Ranking of the 
Covered Bonds). 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Covered Bonds (other than the Registered 
Covered Bonds) to be issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the official list and to be admitted to trading on the

--- Page 26 ---
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and references 
to listing shall be construed accordingly. As specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Series of Covered Bonds may be 
unlisted. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and, if so, on which 
stock exchange(s). The Registered Covered Bonds may not be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any regulated market. The 
approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF does not cover 
any Registered Covered Bonds which may be issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme. 
Settlement 
Monte Titoli / Euroclear / Clearstream or any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a 
clearing system.  
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered 
Bonds), the Programme and the other Transaction Documents 
will be governed by Italian law except for Swap Agreements 
and the Deed of Charge that will be governed by English law.  
 
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or by whatever law chosen 
by the Issuer (to be supplemented with the specific provisions 
required under German law in order for the Registered 
Covered Bonds to be a German law registered note (Gedeckte 
Namensschuld verschreibung)) and shall be regulated by 
separate agreements provided that, in any case, provisions 
applicable to the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders and the Portfolio shall be confirmed to be 
governed by Italian law. 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may be assigned a 
rating by the Rating Agency.  Whether or not a rating in 
relation to any Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union or in 
the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation, will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.All credit ratings 
assigned to the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Purchase of the Covered Bonds by 
the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. If the purchase is 
made by tender, tenders must be available to all holders of the 
Series which the Issuer intends to buy. 
3. 
COVERED BONDS GUARANTEE 
Security for the Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, by virtue of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantee, the Covered Bondholders will benefit from a

--- Page 27 ---
guarantee issued by the Covered Bonds Guarantor which will, 
in turn, hold a portfolio of receivables originated by the Seller 
and Additional Seller, if any, consisting of some or all of the 
following assets: (i) loans extended to, or guaranteed by (on 
the basis of “guarantees valid for the purpose of credit risk 
mitigation” – garanzie valide ai fini della mitigazione del 
rischio di credito – as defined by Article 1, paragraph 1, lett. 
h) of the MEF Decree), the public entities indicated in Article 
2, paragraph 1, lett. c) of the MEF Decree (including (a) public 
administrations of Admitted States, including therein any 
Ministries, municipalities (enti pubblici territoriali), national 
or local entities and other public bodies, which attract a risk 
weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to Bank 
of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised 
approach; (b) public administrations of States other than 
Admitted States which attract a risk weighting factor equal to 
0 per cent. under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk 
measurement, municipalities and national or local public 
bodies not carrying out economic activities (organismi 
pubblici non economici) of States other than Admitted States 
which attract a risk weight factor not exceeding 20 per cent. 
pursuant to Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - 
standardised approach (provided that such receivables and 
securities may not exceed 10 per cent. of the nominal value of 
the assets held by the Covered Bonds Guarantor) (the Loans); 
and (ii) securities issued or guaranteed by the entities 
mentioned under (i) above satisfying the requirements set forth 
under article 2, paragraph 1, letter c) of the MEF Decree (the 
Public Securities and, jointly with the securities mentioned 
under article, 2, para. 3, point 3, of the MEF Decree and any 
ancillary right thereto, the Securities). Assets under (i) and (ii) 
are jointly defined as the Public Assets and, within certain 
limits, Integration Assets (as defined below). The monetary 
claims arising out of Public Assets and Integration Assets (as 
defined below) are jointly defined as the Receivables. 
 
Under the terms of the Covered Bonds Guarantee the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor will be obliged to pay any amounts due under 
the Covered Bonds on the relevant Due for Payment Date (as 
defined herein) and in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments.  
 
In view of ensuring timely payment by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, a Notice to Pay (as defined below) will be served 
on the same as a consequence of an Issuer Event of Default.  
 
The obligations of the Covered Bonds Guarantor under the 
Covered Bonds Guarantee shall constitute a first demand, 
unconditional 
and 
independent 
guarantee 
(garanzia 
autonoma) and certain provisions of Italian Civil Code relating 
to non-autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), 
specified in the MEF Decree, shall not apply. Accordingly, 
such 
obligation 
shall 
be 
a 
direct, 
unconditional,

--- Page 28 ---
unsubordinated obligation of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, 
with limited recourse to the Available Funds (as defined 
below), irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or 
unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the 
Issuer. 
Temporary Transfer of Payment 
Obligations to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor 
If a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law is 
issued in respect of the Issuer (Article 74 Event), the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor, in accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 4, 
of the MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of 
the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds within 
the Suspension Period and each Series of Covered Bonds will 
accelerate against the Issuer. 
 
Upon the termination of the suspension period, the Issuer shall 
resume responsibility for meeting the payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to have 
been accelerated against the Issuer). 
 
Following to an Article 74 Event the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the Article 74 
Notice to Pay) on the Covered Bonds Guarantor that an Article 
74 Event has occurred. Unless and until such Article 74 Notice 
to Pay has been withdrawn: 
 
(i) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against 
the Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves against the Issuer, provided that: (a) such 
events shall not trigger an acceleration against the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor, and (b) in accordance with 
Article 4, Paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the 
Covered Bonds within the Suspension Period;  
 
(ii) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall 
exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in the context of which the Covered 
Bondholders have irrevocably delegated – also in the 
interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor – to the Covered Bond Guarantor the 
exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to enforce 
the performance of any of the payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds including any 
rights of enforcing any acceleration of payment 
provisions provided under the Conditions or under the 
applicable legislation. For this purpose, upon request 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders shall provide the Covered Bond

--- Page 29 ---
Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or 
mandates as the latter may deem necessary or 
expedient for taking all necessary steps to ensure the 
timely and correct performance of its mandate. 
 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed such 
delegation and waived any rights of the Covered 
Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take any 
such individual action against the Issuer; 
 
(iii) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor will pay any amounts 
due under the Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment 
Date in accordance with (i)(b) above (See Section 
Covered Bonds Guarantee); 
 
(iv) 
the Tests shall continue to be applied; and 
 
(v) 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test shall be deemed to be 
failed with respect to any Hard Bullet Covered Bonds 
for which the Maturity Date falls within 12 months. 
 
Upon the termination of the suspension period, the Article 74 
Notice to Pay shall be withdrawn and the Issuer shall be 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated 
against the Issuer) in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
Issuer Events of Default 
Each of the following events with respect to the Issuer shall 
constitute an Issuer Event of Default: 
 
(i) 
default is made by the Issuer for a period of 7 days or 
more in the payment of any principal or redemption 
amount, or for a period of 14 days or more in the 
payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of any 
Series when due; or 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer is in breach of material obligations under or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered 
Bonds) and such failure remains unremedied for 30 
days after the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the 
Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and specifying whether or not such 
failure is capable of remedy; or

--- Page 30 ---
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event (as defined in the Conditions) 
occurs in respect of the Issuer;  
 
(iv) 
in relation to the Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, breach 
of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test which is not 
remedied by the earlier of: 
 
(a) 
20 Business Days from the date on which the 
Issuer is notified of the breach of the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test; and 
 
(b) 
the Maturity Date of that Series of Covered 
Bonds; 
 
(ii) 
breach of the Tests which is not remedied within 6 
months from the notification of the occurrence of such 
breach. 
 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs: 
 
(a) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will 
serve a notice (the Notice to Pay”) on the Issuer and 
Covered Bonds Guarantor that an Issuer Event of 
Default has occurred; 
 
(b) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against 
the Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves against the Issuer, provided that (i) such 
events shall not trigger an acceleration against the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor, (ii) in accordance with 
Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree and 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction 
Documents, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall be 
solely responsible for the exercise of the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer;  
 
(c) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor will pay any amounts 
due under the Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment 
Date in accordance with (b) above (See Section 
Covered Bonds Guarantee);  
 
(d) 
the Tests, shall continue to be applied. 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Events 
of Default 
Following an Issuer Event of Default, each of the following 
events shall constitute a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of 
Default:  
 
(i) 
non-payment of principal and/or interest in respect of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the Covered Bonds Guarantee, subject to a period 
of 7 Business Days cure period in respect of principal 
or redemption amount and a 14 Business Days cure 
period in respect of interest payment the Covered

--- Page 31 ---
Bonds Guarantor or non-payment or non setting aside 
for payment of costs or amounts due to any Hedging 
Counterparty;  
 
(ii) 
breach of the Amortisation Test; 
 
(iii) 
breach of the other binding obligations under the 
Dealer Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantee or any other Transaction 
Document to which the Covered Bonds Guarantor is a 
party, which is not remedied within 30 days from the 
date on which the Covered Bonds Guarantor is 
notified of such breach; 
 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor. 
 
If a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default occurs and is 
continuing, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall serve a notice on the Covered Bonds Guarantor (the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice) and all 
Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, becoming immediately due and payable, and they 
will rank pari passu amongst themselves. 
Cross Acceleration 
If a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default is triggered 
with respect to a Series, each series of Covered Bonds will 
cross accelerate at the same time against the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, provided that the Covered Bonds will not otherwise 
contain a cross default provision and will thus not cross 
accelerate against the Covered Bonds Guarantor in case of an 
Issuer Event of Default. 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test 
The Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is intended to provide 
liquidity for Hard Bullet Covered Bonds when the Issuer’s 
long-term credit ratings fall below the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Required Ratings. 
 
On any Business Day (each the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test 
Date) falling during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period prior to 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Calculation 
Agent will determine if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test has 
been breached, and if so, it shall immediately notify the Issuer, 
the Seller, the Hedging Counterparties and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
 
For the purpose of this paragraph the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Test is complied with on any Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date 
if, during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, all of the Issuer’s 
credit ratings are equal to, or greater than, the Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Required Ratings. Following a breach of a Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds:

--- Page 32 ---
(i) 
the Issuer shall: 
 
(A) 
make a cash deposit for an amount equal to the 
Required Redemption Amount of the Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates on the Pre-
Maturity Test Account, opened in its name 
with a bank whose ratings are at least equal to 
the Minimum Required Account Bank 
Ratings provided for under the Transaction 
Documents and pledged in favour of the 
Covered Bondholders; and/or 
 
(B) 
obtain a first demand, autonomous guarantee 
(meeting the criteria set forth by the Rating 
Agency) for an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount of the Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test relates, by an eligible 
entity whose ratings are at least equal to the 
Minimum Required Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Guarantor Ratings; and/or 
 
(C) 
take action in the form of a combination of the 
foregoing which in aggregate adding up to an 
amount equal to the Required Redemption 
Amount of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Test relates; 
 
and/or  
 
(ii) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall direct the Servicer 
to sell Selected Assets in accordance with the 
procedures set out in the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, for an amount equal to the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount of the Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Test relates. 
 
If the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds is breached and the Issuer or the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor has not taken the required actions (as 
described above) following the breach by the earlier to occur 
of: 
 
(a) 
20 Business Days from the date on which the Issuer is 
notified of the breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Test, and 
 
(b) 
the Maturity Date of that Series of Covered Bonds,

--- Page 33 ---
an Issuer Event of Default shall occur and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders will serve a Notice to Pay to the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Ratings has the meaning 
ascribed to such expression in the Master Definition 
Agreement. 
Eligible Investments 
The Cash Manager shall invest funds standing to the credit of 
the Investment Account in Eligible Investments. 
Authorised Investments 
Following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or Issuer 
Event of Default, and service respectively of an Article 74 
Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to 
Pay, the Cash Manager shall invest funds standing to the credit 
of the Investment Account in Authorised Investments. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority 
of Payment 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an 
Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay (or following the 
withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay), the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds (as defined below) 
to make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each 
case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof any and all taxes due and 
payable by the Covered Bonds Guarantor;  
 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any Expenses, to 
the extent that such costs and expenses are not met by 
utilising any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account and/or the Corporate Account on 
the Guarantor Payment Date falling in March and 
September of each year and (b) to credit the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Disbursement Amount into the 
Expenses Account and the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Retention Amount into the Corporate Account; 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof any amount due and 
payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Account 
Bank, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, 
the Portfolio Manager, the Swap Service Providers 
and the Servicer;  
 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any Hedging 
Senior Payments, other than in respect of principal,

--- Page 34 ---
due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, 
under the TBG Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior 
Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and 
payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
CB Swaps or to credit to the Investment Account an 
amount equal to the CB Swaps Interest Accumulation 
Amount to be used for Hedging Senior Payments, 
other than in respect of principal, under the CB Swaps 
after the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; and (c) to 
credit to the Investment Account an amount equal to 
the Interest Accumulation Amount, to be used for any 
interest payment due on the CB Payment Dates falling 
during the Guarantor Interest Period starting from 
such Guarantor Payment Date, in respect of any Series 
of Covered Bonds in relation to which no CB Swaps 
have been entered into; 
 
(v) 
fifth, to credit to the Investment Account an amount 
equal to the Reserve Fund Required Amount; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, if an ATI Agent Trigger Event occurs and is 
continuing and no other ATI Agent Remedy Actions 
has been implemented, to credit to the Investment 
Account an amount equal to the ATI Commingling 
Reserve Amount; 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to credit to the Principal Receivables 
Collection Account an amount equal to the amounts 
paid under item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Default Principal 
Priority of Payment on any preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date and not yet repaid under this item (vii); 
 
(viii) 
eighth, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, 
to credit all remaining Interest Available Funds to the 
Investment Account until such Servicer Termination 
Event is either remedied by the Servicer or waived by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or a 
new servicer is appointed to service the Portfolio (or 
the relevant part thereof); 
 
(ix) 
ninth, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test or the Tests 
are not satisfied on the Calculation Date immediately 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date or an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Event of Default has occurred on or prior such 
Guarantor Payment Date or the Issuer has not paid 
interest and principal due on the CB Payment Dates in 
the immediately previous Guarantor Interest Period, to 
credit all remaining Interest Available Funds to the 
Investment Account until the following Guarantor 
Payment Date;

--- Page 35 ---
(x) 
tenth, to pay any amount arising out of any termination 
event under any Swap Agreements not provided for 
under item (iv) above; 
 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay pari passu and pro rata, any other 
amount due and payable to the Seller, the Additional 
Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction 
Document (other than the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement);  
 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof any amount due and 
payable as Minimum Interest Amount under the 
Subordinated Loan; 
 
(xiii) 
thirteenth, to pay any Premium Interest Amount under 
the Subordinated Loan.  
 
(the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payment).  
Pre-Issuer Default Principal 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an 
Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay (or following the 
withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay), the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds to make 
payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have 
been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under items 
(i) to (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of 
Payment, to the extent that the Interest Available 
Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make such payments in full;  
 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any Hedging 
Senior Payment in respect of principal due and 
payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
TBG Swaps and (b) to pay any Hedging Senior 
Payment in respect of principal due and payable on 
such Guarantor Payment Date under the CB Swaps or 
to credit to the Investment Account an amount equal 
to the CB Swaps Principal Accumulation Amount to 
be used for Hedging Senior Payment under the CB 
Swaps after the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(iii) 
third, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is satisfied, 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, (a) to pay the purchase price of the 
Public Assets and/or Integration Assets offered for 
sale by the Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any) or the 
Issuer in the context of Revolving Assignment in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer

--- Page 36 ---
Agreement or any amount due to the Seller as 
purchase price in the context of Revolving 
Assignment pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement that was not paid on the previous 
Guarantor Payment Date, (b) to credit to the 
Investment Account the Purchase Price Accumulation 
Amount;  
 
(iv) 
fourth, to deposit on the Investment Account any 
residual Principal Available Funds in an amount 
sufficient to ensure that taking into account the other 
resources available to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, 
the Tests are met;  
 
(v) 
fifth, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, all 
residual Principal Available Funds to be credited to the 
Investment Account until such event of default of the 
Servicer is either remedied by the Servicer or waived 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or 
a new servicer is appointed to service the Portfolio (or 
the relevant part thereof); 
 
(vi) 
sixth, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test or the Tests 
are not satisfied on the Calculation Date immediately 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date or an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Event of Default has occurred on or prior such 
Guarantor Payment Date or the Issuer has not paid 
interest and principal due on the CB Payment Dates in 
the immediately previous Guarantor Interest Period, to 
credit all remaining Principal Available Funds to the 
Investment Account until the following Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay any amount arising out of any 
termination event under any Swap Agreements not 
provided for under item (ii) above; 
 
(viii) 
eight, to pay pari passu and pro rata any other amount 
due and payable to the Seller, the Additional Sellers 
(if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction Document 
(other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement) not 
already provided for under item (xi) of the Pre-Issuer 
Default Interest Priority of Payment; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay the amount (if any) due to the Seller as 
principal redemption under the Subordinated Loan 
(including as a consequence of “richiesta di rimborso 
anticipato” as indicated therein) provided that the 
Tests and the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test are still 
satisfied after such payment; 
 
(the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payment).

--- Page 37 ---
Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of an 
Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a 
Notice to Pay, but prior to the occurrence of any Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Events of Default, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make payments in 
the order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to 
the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made 
in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes, 
in order to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain 
it in good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation; 
 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any amount due 
and payable to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Receivables Collection Account 
Bank, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Calculation 
Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the 
Swap Service Providers and the Servicer and (b) to 
credit the Covered Bonds Guarantor Disbursement 
Amount into the Expenses Account and the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Retention Amount into the 
Corporate Account;  
 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any Hedging 
Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due 
and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, under 
the TBG Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior 
Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and 
payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
CB Swaps or to credit to the Investment Account an 
amount equal to the CB Swaps Interest Accumulation 
Amount to be used for Hedging Senior Payments, 
other than in respect of principal, under the CB Swaps 
after the relevant Guarantor Payment Date and (c) to 
pay any interest due and payable on such Guarantor 
Payment Date or to credit to the Investment Account 
an amount equal to the Interest Accumulation 
Amount, to be used for any interest payment due on 
the CB Payment Dates falling during the Guarantor 
Interest Period starting from such Guarantor Payment 
Date, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds in 
relation to which no CB Swaps have been entered into;  
 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof,

--- Page 38 ---
(a) 
to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect 
of principal due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, under the TBG 
Swaps; 
 
(b) 
to pay any amount in respect of principal due 
and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds 
on each CB Payment Date falling on such 
Guarantor Payment Date or to credit to the 
Investment Account any amount in respect of 
principal to be paid on each CB Payment 
Dates falling during the Guarantor Interest 
Period starting from such Guarantor Payment 
Date; and 
 
(c) 
to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, in 
respect of principal, due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date under the CB Swaps 
or to credit to the Investment Account an 
amount equal to the CB Swaps Principal 
Accumulation Amount to be used for Hedging 
Senior Payments under the CB Swaps during 
the Guarantor Interest Period starting from 
such Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(v) 
fifth, to deposit on the Investment Account any 
residual amount until all Covered Bonds are fully 
repaid or an amount equal to the Required Redemption 
Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding 
has been accumulated; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount arising out of 
any termination event under any Swap Agreement not 
provided for under items (iii) and (iv) above; 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued 
under any Series have been repaid in full or an amount 
equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each 
Series of Covered Bonds outstanding has been 
accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof, any other amount 
due and payable to the Seller, the Additional Sellers 
(if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction Document 
(other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
 
(viii) 
eighth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued 
under any Series have been repaid in full or an amount 
equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each 
Series of Covered Bonds outstanding has been 
accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as

--- Page 39 ---
Minimum Interest Amount under the Subordinated 
Loan; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued 
under any Series have been repaid in full or an amount 
equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each 
Series of Covered Bonds outstanding has been 
accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as 
principal under the Subordinated Loan; 
 
(x) 
tenth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued 
under any Series have been repaid in full or an amount 
equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each 
Series of Covered Bonds outstanding has been 
accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as 
Premium Interest Amount under the Subordinated 
Loan. 
 
(the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments). 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of a 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make 
payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have 
been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amounts due and 
payable to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Receivables Collection Account 
Bank, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Calculation Agent, the Administrative Services 
Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, 
the Swap Service Providers and the Servicer and to 
credit an amount up to the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Disbursement Amount into the Expenses Account and 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor Retention Amount into 
the Corporate Account;  
 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any Hedging 
Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due 
and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, under 
the TBG Swaps, and (b) to pay any amount, other than 
in respect of principal, due and payable on each Series 
of Covered Bonds and (c) to pay any Hedging Senior 
Payments, other than in respect of principal, due and

--- Page 40 ---
payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
CB Swaps;  
 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay any Hedging 
Senior Payment in respect of principal due and 
payable on such Guarantor Payment Date, under the 
TBG Swaps, (b) to pay any amount in respect of 
principal due and payable under each Series of 
Covered Bonds on such Guarantor Payment Date and 
(c) to pay any Hedging Senior Payments in respect of 
principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date under the CB Swaps; 
 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount arising out of 
any termination event under any Swap Agreements 
not provided for under items (iii) and (iv) above;  
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any other amount due and 
payable to the Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any) or 
the Issuer under any Transaction Document (other 
than the Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due as 
Minimum Interest Amount under the Subordinated 
Loan; 
 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amounts due as 
principal under the Subordinated Loan; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due as 
Premium Interest Amount under the Subordinated 
Loan; 
 
(the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payment). 
4. 
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
Transfer of the Portfolio 
The Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor entered into a 
master transfer agreement pursuant to which the Seller (a) 
transferred to the Covered Bonds Guarantor an initial portfolio 
comprising Public Assets (the Initial Portfolio) and (b) may 
assign and transfer further portfolios comprising Public Assets 
and/or Integration Assets, satisfying the Criteria (each a New 
Portfolio and jointly with the Initial Portfolio and any other 
Integration Assets and Eligible Investments purchased by the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Portfolio), to the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor from time to time (the Master Transfer

--- Page 41 ---
Agreement), in the cases and subject to the limits on the 
transfer of further Public Assets referred to below.  
 
The 
Covered 
Bonds 
Guarantor 
may 
acquire 
the 
aforementioned further Public Assets or Integration Assets, as 
the case may be, in order to: 
 
(a) 
collateralise and allow the issue of further series of 
Covered Bonds by the Issuer, subject to the Limits to 
the Assignment of further Public Assets (the Issuance 
Collateralisation Assignment); 
 
(b) 
invest the Principal Available Funds, subject to the 
Limits to the Assignment, provided that no Issuer 
Event of Default or Covered Bonds Guarantor Event 
of 
Default 
have 
occurred 
(the 
Revolving 
Assignment); or  
 
(c) 
comply with the Tests, and prevent the breach of the 
Tests, in accordance with the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement (the Integration Assignment), subject to 
the limits referred to in the following provision 
“Integration Assets”. 
 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, and subject to the 
conditions provided therein, the Seller shall also be allowed to 
repurchase Receivables and/or Securities which have been 
assigned to the Covered Bonds Guarantor.  
 
The Public Assets and the Integration Assets will be assigned 
and transferred to the Covered Bonds Guarantor without 
recourse (pro soluto) in accordance with Law 130 and subject 
to the terms and conditions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Representations and Warranties of 
the Seller 
Under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller has 
made certain representations and warranties regarding itself 
and the Receivables or Securities including, inter alia:  
 
(i) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the 
Transaction Documents and assume the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it therein; 
 
(ii) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability 
of the obligations assumed by it; 
 
(iii) 
the existence of the Receivables or Securities, the 
absence of any lien attaching the Receivables or 
Securities; subject to the applicable provisions of laws 
and of the relevant agreements, the full, unconditional, 
legal title of the Seller to the Initial Portfolio; 
 
(iv) 
the validity and enforceability, subject to the 
applicable provisions of laws and of the relevant

--- Page 42 ---
agreements, against the relevant Debtors of the 
obligations from which the Initial Portfolio arises. 
General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables forming part of the Portfolio shall 
comply with all of the following criteria (the General 
Criteria): 
 
(i) 
Receivables whose debtors or guarantors (pursuant to 
a “guarantee valid for the purpose of credit risk 
mitigation” (garanzie valide ai fini della mitigazione 
del rischio di credito), as defined by Article 1, 
paragraph 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree) are (a) public 
administrations of Admitted States, including therein 
any 
Ministries, 
municipalities 
(enti 
pubblici 
territoriali), national or local entities and other public 
bodies, which attract a risk weighting factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to Bank of Italy's 
prudential regulations for banks - standardised 
approach; (b) public administrations of States other 
than Admitted States which attract a risk weighting 
factor equal to 0 per cent. under the “Standardised 
Approach” 
to 
credit 
risk 
measurement; 
(c) 
municipalities and national or local public bodies not 
carrying out economic activities (organismi pubblici 
non economici) of States other than Admitted States 
which attract a risk weight factor not exceeding 20 per 
cent. pursuant to Bank of Italy's prudential regulations 
for banks - standardised approach; 
 
(ii) 
Receivables arising out of Loan Agreements which 
have been fully disbursed or, only in respect of the 
Multi-tranche Agreements, the Receivables arising 
out from each credit line or tranche which have been 
fully disbursed; 
 
(iii) 
Receivables in respect of which as of the Cut-off Date 
(a) there are no amounts due and payable to the Seller 
by the relevant debtors, both as repayment of any 
instalments and as interest, which have not been paid 
and (b) neither the termination of the Loan Agreement 
nor the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del 
termine) of the payment obligations have been 
requested or declared nor the withdrawal (recesso) has 
occurred; 
 
(iv) 
Receivables arising out of fixed rate loans or floating 
rate loans; 
 
(v) 
Receivables in respect of which the relevant 
amortisation plan for principal and interest provides 
that the payments have to occur at or within previously 
fixed payment dates.

--- Page 43 ---
The term “Loan Agreement” used in these General Criteria is 
referred to each of the following agreements: 
 
(a) 
loan and financing agreements, including loan 
agreements for a relevant purpose; 
 
(b) 
loan and financing agreements “multi-tranche” which 
provide for disbursement of singles credit lines or 
tranches which differ each other in the interest rate, the 
amortisation plan or the final reimbursement date 
(hereinafter, the “Multi-tranche Agreements”); 
 
(c) 
acknowledgement 
and 
consolidation 
acts 
or 
agreements, related to loans disbursed on the basis of 
a credit opened agreement (contratto di apertura di 
credito) pursuant to article 205-bis of the Legislative 
Decree no. 267 of 18 August 2000 (also denominated 
master credit opened agreement), by means of which 
are ruled, inter alia, interest rate, amortisation plan and 
the final reimbursement date; 
 
(d) 
disbursement and receipt acts or agreements (however 
denominated) – related to loans disbursed on the basis 
of a credit opened agreement (contratto di apertura di 
credito) (however denominated) – by means of which, 
inter alia, the interest rate, the amortisation plan, the 
disbursement date and the final reimbursement date 
are ruled; 
 
(e) 
loan and financing agreements (which provide for, 
inter alia, an indication of loan amount, interest rate, 
amortisation plan, guarantees, disbursement date and 
final reimbursement date) on the basis of a plafond 
made available by means of an adjudication of a 
competitive bid and/or the relevant agreement, or by 
means of a specific loan agreement (convenzione 
speciale di finanziamento) or a treasury agreement 
(convenzione di tesoreria) (which provide for the 
disbursement of singles loans up to a predetermined 
maximum amount (id est a plafond); 
 
(f) 
receivables purchase agreements with predetermined 
principal and interest reimbursement dates or 
receivables purchase agreements in which the 
receivables have been settled by means of fixing of 
principal and interest reimbursement dates. 
 
The term “Receivables” used under points from (i) to (v) of 
these General Criteria is referred to any receivable arising from 
a Loan Agreement, also, if the case, renegotiated jointly or 
separately with other Loan Agreements or, exclusively with 
reference to Multi-tranche Agreements, the receivables arising 
from each credit line or tranche which differ each other in the

--- Page 44 ---
interest rate, the amortisation plan, the disbursement date or 
the final reimbursement date. 
 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific Criteria.  
 
Specific Criteria means the criteria for the selection of the 
Receivables to be included in the Portfolio to which such 
criteria are applied, set forth in Annex 2 (I Criteri Specifici) to 
the Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial Portfolio and in 
the relevant offer for New Portfolios. 
 
Criteria means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria.  
Integration Assets 
In accordance with Article 2 paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree 
and paragraph 3 of the BoI OBG Regulations, Integration 
Assets shall include: 
 
(i) 
deposits with banks residing in Eligible States; 
 
(ii) 
securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States 
with residual maturity not longer than one year; 
 
The Integration Assets calculated for the purpose of the Tests 
shall meet the Integration Assets Rating Requirements. 
 
Integration through the inclusion of Integration Assets shall be 
allowed up to but not exceeding the Integration Assets Limit. 
Integration (whether through Integration Assets or through 
originally eligible Public Assets) shall be allowed for the 
purpose of complying with the Tests.  
Excluded Assets 
On the basis of the information provided by the Servicer and 
in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement the Calculation Agent shall identify 
(a) the Integration Assets in excess of the Integration Assets 
Limit to be excluded from the Eligible Portfolio, (b) the 
aggregate of Integration Assets which do not meet the 
Integration Assets Rating Requirements (the assets mentioned 
in (a) and (b) above, the Excluded Assets), and (c) the 
corresponding portion of the hedging arrangements, if any, to 
be excluded from the calculation of the Tests (the Excluded 
Swaps) with the objective of obtaining a combination of 
Integration Assets included in the Eligible Portfolio, net of 
exclusions, that would allow the compliance with the Tests, if 
possible.  
 
On the basis of the information provided by the Calculation 
Agent, the Servicer may sell the Excluded Assets and the Cash 
Manager shall invest the amounts deriving from such selling 
in Public Assets, Integration Assets (only in the case described 
under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement) or 
Authorised Investments or Eligible Investments.

--- Page 45 ---
Tests 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement 
and the provisions of the MEF Decree, for so long as the 
Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer and the Seller 
shall procure on a continuing basis and on each Calculation 
Date, or any other date on which the verification of the tests is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, that: 
 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
the OC Adjusted Eligible Portfolio shall be equal to, 
or greater than, the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Covered Bonds (the Asset Coverage Test) or, 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, and service of the Notice to Pay by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Amortisation Test Adjusted Eligible Portfolio shall be 
equal to, or greater than, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds (the Amortisation 
Test); 
 
(ii) 
the Net Present Value of the Eligible Portfolio shall be 
equal to, or greater than, the Net Present Value of all 
Series of the outstanding Covered Bonds (the NPV 
Test); 
 
(iii) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio 
shall be equal to, or greater than, the Interest Payments 
and the Annual Net Interest Collections from the 
Eligible Portfolio shall be equal to, or greater than, the 
Annual Interest Payments (the Interest Coverage 
Test);  
 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the Tests). 
 
Compliance with the Tests will be verified by the Calculation 
Agent, and internal risk management functions of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group (under the supervision of the management 
body of the Issuer) on each Calculation Date and on any other 
date on which the verification of the Tests is required pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents, and subsequently checked by 
the Asset Monitor on a semi-annual basis. In addition to the 
above, following the occurrence of a breach of the Tests, based 
on the information provided by the Servicer with reference to 
the end of the previous month and with reference to the last 
day of each calendar month (starting from the date on which 
such breach has been notified, and until 6 (six) months after 
the date on which such breach has been cured the Calculation 
Agent shall verify compliance with the Tests not later than the 
fifth Business Day of the following calendar month. For a 
detailed description see section “Credit Structure – Tests”. 
Breach of the Tests 
In order to cure the breach of the Tests:

--- Page 46 ---
(i) 
the Seller shall sell, as soon as possible, and in any 
case within 6 (six) months from the notification of 
such breach, sufficient Public Assets or Integration 
Assets to the Covered Bonds Guarantor in accordance 
with the Master Transfer Agreement and, to this 
extent, shall grant the funds necessary for payment of 
the purchase price of the assets to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement or, if necessary, increasing the Maximum 
Amount of the Subordinated Loan, or 
 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of one of the events indicated 
in Clause 15.1 (Cause di estinzione dell'obbligo di 
acquisto), of the Master Transfer Agreement, 
paragraph (i) (Inadempimento di obblighi da parte del 
Cedente), (ii) (Violazione delle dichiarazioni e 
garanzie da parte del Cedente), (iii) (Mutamento 
Sostanzialmente Pregiudizievole) and (iv) (Crisi), the 
Issuer shall sell, as soon as possible, and in any case 
within 6 (six) months from the notification of such 
breach, sufficient Public Assets or Integration Assets 
to the Covered Bonds Guarantor in accordance with 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement and, to this 
extent, shall grant the funds necessary for payment of 
the purchase price of the assets to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor in accordance with the subordinated loan 
agreement to be entered into pursuant to the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement; 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Tests are 
met as soon as practicable.  
 
A breach of the Tests which is not remedied within 6 (six) 
months from the notification of the occurrence of such breach 
constitutes an Issuer Event of Default. 
 
A breach of the Amortisation Test constitutes a Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Event of Default.  
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will, subject to receipt of the relevant 
information from the Calculation Agent, test the calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests on 
a semi-annual basis and more frequently under certain 
circumstances. The Asset Monitor will also perform the other 
activities provided under the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Sale of Public Assets following the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event 
or an Issuer Event of Default 
Following the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which 
has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay and prior to the 
occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default, 
if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the 
Covered Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Portfolio Manager, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor shall direct the Servicer to sell Selected Assets in

--- Page 47 ---
accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the Seller 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement or any other 
Transaction Documents. The proceeds of any such sale shall 
be credited to the Investment Account and invested in 
Authorised Investments. 
5. 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master Transfer Agreement 
On 20 May 2009, the Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
entered into a Master Transfer Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented, pursuant to which the Seller assigned and 
transferred the Initial Portfolio to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, without recourse (pro soluto), in accordance with 
Law 130. Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor has agreed to pay the Seller a 
purchase price of Euro 3,790,358,323.04. Furthermore, the 
Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor agreed that the Seller 
may, from time to time, assign and transfer Public Assets 
and/or Integration Assets satisfying the Criteria to the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor (See Sections “The Portfolio” and 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - Description of 
the Transfer Agreement”). 
Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement 
On 20 May 2009, the Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
entered into a warranty and indemnity agreement (as amended 
and 
supplemented, 
the 
Warranty 
and 
Indemnity 
Agreement), pursuant to which the Seller made certain 
representations and warranties in favour of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor (See Section “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Description of the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement”). 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 20 May 2009, the Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
entered into a subordinated loan agreement (as amended and 
supplemented, the Subordinated Loan Agreement), pursuant 
to which the Seller granted a subordinated loan to the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor (the Subordinated Loan) with a maximum 
amount equal to the Maximum Amount, as amended from time 
to time. Under the provisions of such agreement, the Seller 
shall make advances to the Covered Bonds Guarantor in 
amounts equal to the relevant price of the Portfolio transferred 
from time to time to the Covered Bonds Guarantor. The 
Subordinated Loan shall be remunerated by way of the 
Subordinated Loan Interest Amount. 
Covered Bonds Guarantee 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (as amended and 
supplemented, 
the 
Covered 
Bonds 
Guarantee), 
in 
accordance with the provisions of Law 130 and of the MEF 
Decree (See Sections “Transaction Summary – Covered Bonds 
Guarantee” and “Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description of the Covered Bonds Guarantee”).

--- Page 48 ---
Servicing Agreement and 
Collection Policies 
Pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement entered into on 
20 May 2009 (as amended and supplemented, the Servicing 
Agreement), the Servicer has agreed to administer and service 
the Portfolio, on behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor in 
accordance with the Collection Policies.  
 
The Servicer has also agreed to be responsible for verifying 
that the transaction complies with the law and this Base 
Prospectus, in accordance with the requirements of Law 130. 
 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit quarterly 
reports to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Administrative 
Services Provider and the Calculation Agent, in the form set 
out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to 
all the Collections, as a result of the activity of the Servicer 
pursuant to the Servicing Agreement during the preceding 
Collection Period. The reports will provide the main 
information relating to the Servicer’s activity during the 
period, including without limitation: a description of the 
Portfolio (outstanding amount, principal and interest), 
information relating to delinquencies, defaults and collections 
during the Collection Period as well as a performance analysis 
(See Section “Description of the Transaction Documents -
Description of the Servicing Agreement” and “Collection and 
Recovery Procedures”). 
Administrative Services 
Agreement 
Pursuant to an administrative services agreement entered into 
on 20 May 2009 (as amended and supplemented, the 
Administrative Services Agreement), the Administrative 
Services Provider has agreed to provide the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor with a number of administrative services, including 
the keeping of the corporate books and of the accounting and 
tax registers (See “Description of the Transaction Documents 
- Description of the Administrative Services Agreement”). 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on 
or about the Initial Issue Date (as amended and supplemented, 
the Intercreditor Agreement) among the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor and the Secured Creditors, the parties agreed that all 
the Available Funds of the Covered Bonds Guarantor will be 
applied in or towards satisfaction of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the Covered 
Bondholders as well as the Secured Creditors, in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders will, subject to a Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Event of Default having occurred, ensure that all the 
Available Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the 
Covered Bondholders as well as the Secured Creditors, in

--- Page 49 ---
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of 
Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
 
The obligations owed by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to each 
of the Covered Bondholders and each of the Secured Creditors 
will be limited recourse obligations of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor. The Covered Bondholders and the Secured 
Creditors will have a claim against the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each 
case subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (See 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - Description of 
the Intercreditor Agreement”).  
Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement 
In accordance with a cash management and agency agreement 
entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as amended and 
supplemented, among, inter alios, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the 
Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Servicer, the Administrative 
Services 
Provider, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement), the Account Bank, 
the Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Paying Agent, 
the 
Luxembourg 
Listing 
Agent, 
the 
Servicer, 
the 
Administrative Services Provider and the Calculation Agent 
will provide the Covered Bonds Guarantor with certain 
calculation, notification and reporting services together with 
account handling and cash management services in relation to 
moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Accounts (See “Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description 
of 
the 
Cash 
Management 
and 
Agency 
Agreement”). 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
In accordance with an asset monitor agreement entered into on 
or about the Initial Issue Date, among the Asset Monitor, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent (as 
amended and supplemented, the Asset Monitor Agreement), 
the Asset Monitor will conduct independent tests in respect 
of the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent for 
the Tests, as applicable on a semi-annual basis with a view 
to verifying the compliance by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor with such tests (See “Description of the 
Transaction Documents - Description of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement”). 
Portfolio Administration 
Agreement 
By a portfolio administration agreement entered into on or 
about the Initial Issue Date, among, inter alia, the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Cash 
Manager and the Asset Monitor (as amended and 
supplemented, the Portfolio Administration Agreement), the

--- Page 50 ---
Seller and the Issuer have undertaken certain obligations for 
the replenishment of the Portfolio in order to cure a breach of 
the Tests. (See “Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description of the Portfolio Administration Agreement”). 
Quotaholders Agreement 
The quotaholders’ agreement entered into on or about the 
Initial Issue Date, among the Covered Bonds Guarantor, Intesa 
Sanpaolo and Stichting Viridis 2 (as amended and 
supplemented, the Quotaholders’ Agreement), contains 
provisions and undertakings in relation to the management of 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor. In addition, pursuant to the 
Quotaholders’ Agreement, Stichting Viridis 2 will grant a call 
option in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo to purchase from Stichting 
Viridis 2 and Intesa Sanpaolo will grant a put option in favour 
of Stichting Viridis 2 to sell to Intesa Sanpaolo the quota of the 
Issuer quota capital held by Stichting Viridis 2 (See 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - Description of 
the Quotaholders Agreement”). 
Deed of Pledge 
By a deed of pledge (as amended and supplemented, the Deed 
of Pledge) executed by the Covered Bonds Guarantor on or 
about the Initial Issue Date, the Covered Bonds Guarantor will 
pledge in favour of the Covered Bondholders and the Secured 
Creditors all monetary claims and rights and all amounts 
payable from time to time (including payment for claims, 
indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to 
which the Covered Bonds Guarantor is entitled pursuant or in 
relation with the Transaction Documents (other than the 
English law Transaction Documents and the Deed of Pledge), 
including any monetary claims and rights relating to the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts and any other 
account established by the Covered Bonds Guarantor in 
accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents, 
but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the Public Assets and 
Integration Assets. (See “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Description of the Deed of Pledge”). 
Deed of Charge 
By a deed of charge executed by the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
on or about the Initial Issue Date (as amended and 
supplemented, the Deed of Charge), the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor will assign by way of security to and charge in 
favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(acting in its capacity as security trustee for itself and on trust 
for the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors; in 
such capacity the Security Trustee), all of its rights, title, 
interest and benefit from time to time in and to the Swap 
Agreements (See “Description of the Transaction Documents 
- Description of the Deed of Charge”). 
Dealer Agreement 
By a dealer agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue 
Date among the Issuer, the Representative of Covered 
Bondholders and the Dealer, (as amended and supplemented, 
the Dealer Agreement), the Dealer has been appointed as

--- Page 51 ---
such. The Dealer Agreement contains, inter alia, provisions 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealer and for the appointment of additional or other dealers 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Series (See “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Description of the Dealer Agreement”). 
Subscription Agreement 
By a subscription agreement entered or to be entered into on 
or about each Issue Date among the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer(s), the Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds and pay the Issue Price 
subject to the conditions set out therein (as amended and 
supplemented, 
the 
Subscription 
Agreement) 
(See 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - Description of 
the Subscription Agreement”). 
Swaps 
In order to hedge the currency and/or interest rate exposure in 
relation to its floating or fixed rate obligations under the CB, 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor entered and will enter into one 
or more swap transactions with the CB Hedging Counterparty 
on each Issue Date as confirmed by a confirmation (a CB 
Swap Confirmation) evidencing the terms of any such 
transaction (each a CB Swap), subject to a 1992 International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross Border), including 
Schedule, 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – 
Transfer)(ISDA Agreements Subject to English law) (the 
Credit Support Annex) and CB Swap Confirmation (the CB 
Master Agreement).  
 
In addition, in order to hedge the interest rate and/or currency 
risks related to the transfer of each Portfolio, the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor entered and will enter into one or more swap 
transactions with the TBG Hedging Counterparty, on the date 
of each transfer as confirmed by a confirmation (a TBG Swap 
Confirmation) evidencing the terms of each such transaction 
(each a TBG Swap), subject to a 1992 International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement 
(Multicurrency - Cross Border), including Schedule, Credit 
Support Annex and TBG Swap Confirmation (the TBG 
Master Agreement) (See “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Description of the Swaps”). 
ISP Mandate Agreement 
By a mandate agreement entered into on 28 February 2014 
between Intesa Sanpaolo, as Swap Service Provider, and the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor, Intesa Sanpaolo has agreed to 
provide the Covered Bonds Guarantor with certain services 
due under the Swap Agreements pursuant to the EMIR 
Regulation (the ISP Mandate Agreement). 
Provisions of Transaction 
Documents  
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all provisions of 
the Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, 
each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered

--- Page 52 ---
Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound by 
the terms of each of the Transaction Documents signed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as if such Covered 
Bondholder was a signatory thereto.

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the 
Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Certain risks which it currently deems not to be material as at the date of this Base Prospectus may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor's control. The Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor have identified in this Base 
Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to 
make payments due under the Covered Bonds.  
In addition, risks which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the risks described below are the main risks inherent in the holding of Covered 
Bonds of any Series issued under the Programme but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or repay 
principal on the Covered Bonds of any Series may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not 
represent that the above statements of the risks of holding Covered Bonds are exhaustive. While the 
various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks 
for holders of Covered Bonds of any Series, there can be no assurance that these measures will be 
sufficient or effective to ensure payment to the holders of Covered Bonds of any Series of interest or 
principal on such Covered Bonds on a timely basis or at all. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and obtain 
a better appreciation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the 
Covered Bonds issued and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer deems that the following 
risk factors could affect the ability of the same to satisfy its obligations arising from the Covered Bonds. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the financial situation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group; 
Risks related to legal proceedings; 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation on 
the solution of banking crises; and 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles.

--- Page 55 ---
Risks related to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Risk exposure to debt Securities issued by sovereign States 
As at 30 June 2020, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to approximately € 90 billion, 
increased compared to approximately € 86 billion as at 31 December 2019. On the same date, the 
investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU Countries corresponded to € 125 billion, 
compared to € 120 billion at the end of 2019.  
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as Italy's rating 
downgrading or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, might have negative effects on the 
assets, the economic and/or financial situation, the operational results and the perspectives of the Bank. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group results is and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to Italy and 
certain major European Countries. 
As at 30 June 2020, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to approximately € 90 billion  
(10.4% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately € 10 billion  
represented by investments. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by 
EU Countries corresponded to € 125 billion (14.6% of the total assets of the Group), to which should 
be added approximately € 12 billion represented by loans.  
At the end of 2019, the exposure to securities issued by Italy corresponded to approximately €86 billion 
(10.5% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately €11 billion represented 
by investments. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU Countries 
corresponded to €121 billion (14.8% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added 
approximately €12 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, 
central banks and other public entities represented approximately 46% of the total financial assets. 
At the end of 2018, the exposure to securities issued by Italy corresponded to approximately € 76 billion 
(9.6% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added approximately 12 billion represented 
by investments. On the same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU Countries 
corresponded to € 101 billion (12.8% of the total assets of the Group), to which should be added 
approximately € 13 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, 
central banks and other public entities represented approximately 44.4% of the total financial assets. 
The tensions in the market of Government Bonds and their volatility, in particular with reference to the 
spread of the performance of Italian bonds compared to other benchmark government bonds may have 
negative effects on the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. 
Furthermore, the downgrading of Italy's rating, or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, could 
make the markets unstable and have negative impacts on the operational results, financial conditions 
and perspectives of the Bank. 
For further information please refer to Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial 
statements for 2019, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
As at 30 June 2020, there were a total of about 26,000 disputes pending, other than tax disputes, 
(excluding those involving Risanamento S.p.A. and Autostrade Lombarde S.p.A., which are not subject 
to management and coordination by Intesa Sanpaolo) with a total remedy sought of 5,622 million euro.  
This amount includes all outstanding disputes, regardless of the estimated risk of a disbursement of 
financial resources resulting from a potential negative outcome and therefore also includes disputes 
with a remote risk.

--- Page 56 ---
The risks associated with the above disputes have been thoroughly analysed by the parent company and 
Group companies involved. Specific and appropriate provisions have been made to the Allowances for 
Risks and Charges in the event of disputes for which there is an estimated probability of a disbursement 
of more than 50% and where the amount of the disbursement may be reliably estimated (disputes with 
likely risk).  
These disputes amount to around 11,600 with a remedy sought of 1,815 million euro and provisions of 
589 million euro. The part relating to the parent company is around 5,100 disputes with a remedy 
sought of 1,451 million euro and provisions of 441 million euro, the part relating to other Italian 
subsidiaries is around 500 disputes with a remedy sought of 254 million euro and provisions of 93 
million euro, and the part relating to the international subsidiaries is around 6,000 disputes with a 
remedy sought of 110 million euro and provisions of 55 million euro. 
The risk arising from legal proceedings consists of the possibility of the Bank being obliged to pay any 
sum in case of unfavourable outcome. 
The most common legal disputes are related to invalidity, cancellation, inefficacy actions or 
compensation for damages as a consequence of transactions related to the ordinary banking and 
financial activity carried out by the Bank. 
For any individual assessment regarding legal disputes please refer to the paragraph titled "Legal 
Proceedings" on page 108 of this Base Prospectus. Such paragraph also includes information 
concerning the disputes on the marketing of convertible and/or subordinated shares/bonds issued by 
Banca Popolare di Vicenza or Veneto Banca, which filled against respectively Banca Nuova and Banca 
Apulia (both subsequently merged by incorporation in Intesa Sanpaolo). 
In this respect, the Bank would like to highlight that, as of 31 December 2018, the Arbitrator for 
Financial Controversies accepted no. 88 appeals from Banca Nuova’s clients, whose claims aimed the 
shares of Banca Popolare di Vicenza, as well as no. 108 appeals submitted by the clients of Banca 
Apulia whose claims aimed the shares of Veneto Banca. Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (both now 
Intesa Sanpaolo) have not executed the decisions as – in compliance with the provisions of Decision 
C(2017) 4501 of the European Commission on State Aid – every liability in relation to the marketing 
of shares of ex Venetian banks shall be borne exclusively by Veneto Banca S.p.A. in compulsory 
administrative liquidation and Banca Popolare di Vicenza in compulsory administrative liquidation. 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the macro-
economic context 
The future development in the macro-economic context may be considered as a risk as it may produce 
negative effects and trends in the economic and financial situation of the Bank and/or the Group. 
Any negative variations of the factors described hereafter, in particular during periods of economic-
financial crisis, could lead the Bank and/or the Group to suffer losses, increases of financing costs, and 
reductions of the value of the assets held, with a potential negative impact on the liquidity of the Bank 
and/or the Group and its financial soundness. 
The trends of the Bank and the Group are affected by the general, national and economic situation of 
the Eurozone, the dynamics of financial markets and the soundness and growth prospects of the 
economy of other geographic areas in which the Bank and/or the Group operates. 
In particular, the profitability capacity and solvency of the Bank and/or the Group are affected by the 
trends of certain factors, such as the investors’ expectations and trust, the level and volatility of short-
term and long-term interest rates, exchange rates, financial markets liquidity, availability and cost of

--- Page 57 ---
capital, sustainability of sovereign debt, household incomes and consumer spending, unemployment 
levels, business profitability, inflation and housing prices. 
The macro-economic framework is currently characterised by significant profiles of uncertainty, in 
relation to: (a) the outbreak of COVID-19, which caused a major decline in economic activity in 2020 
and may originate further economic downturns in the near future, in addition to more persistent effects 
on default rates, unemployment rates and country risk; (b)  the future developments of ECB monetary 
policies in the Euro area and of the FED in the dollar area; (c) the tensions observed, on a more or less 
recurrent basis, on the financial markets; (d) the risk that in the future holders of Italian government 
debt lose confidence in the credit standing of Republic of Italy, owing to the uncertainty of budgetary 
policies and the high debt ratio; (e) the exit of the United Kingdom from the single market on 1 January 
2021. 
With specific reference to point (e), the relationship of the UK with the EU may affect the business of 
the Issuers. On 29 March 2017, the UK invoked Article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union and 
officially notified the EU of its decision to withdraw from the EU. On 31 January 2020, the UK 
withdrew from the EU. According to Articles 126 and 127 of the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement 
(approved by the European Parliament on 29 January 2020), the UK entered an implementation period 
during which it will negotiate its future relationship with the EU. During such implementation period – 
which is due to operate until 31 December 2020 – most EU rules and regulations shall continue to apply 
in the UK. During the transition period, the UK and the EU may not reach an agreement on the furture 
relationship between them or may reach a significantly narrower agreement than that envisaged by the 
political declaration of the European Commission and the UK Government. To minimise the risks for 
firms and businesses the UK Government continues preparations (including the UK Government 
publishing further draft secondary legislation under powers provided in the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020)) to 
ensure that there is a functioning statute book at the end of the transition period.. Due to the on-going 
political uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship between UK and EU, the precise 
impact on the business of the Issuer is difficult to determine. As such, no assurance can be given that 
such matters would not adversely affect the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the 
secondary market. 
Credit risk 
We would like to remark that, as of 30 September 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo recorded a gross NPL ratio 
(based on EBA metrics) of 5.9%. On 31 December 2019, the same data corresponded to 6.8%, 
compared to 7.5% recorded on 31 December 2018. The credit institutions which recorded a gross NPL 
ratio higher than 5% are required – on the grounds of the "Guidelines on management of non 
performing and forborne exposures" of EBA – to prepare specific strategic and operative plans for the 
management of such exposures. 
Taking into consideration the pattern of the main credit risk indicators in 2018–2019, in the first nine 
months of 2020 and the assignment of non-performing loans mentioned hereafter, Intesa Sanpaolo 
deems that the risk related to credit quality is not significant. 
The economic and financial activity and soundness of the Bank depend on its borrower’s 
creditworthness. 
The Bank is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity. Therefore, the clients' breach of 
the agreements entered into and of their underlying obligations, or any lack of information or incorrect 
information provided by them as to their respective financial and credit position, could have negative 
effects on the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank.

--- Page 58 ---
Furthermore, any exposures in the bank portfolio towards counterparties, groups of connected 
counterparties and counterparties of the same economic sector, which perform the same activity or 
belong to the same geographic area, could increase the Bank concentration risk. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the Bank by 
reason of bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other reason. The bankruptcy 
of an important stakeholder, or any concerns about its default, could cause serious liquidity issues, 
losses or defaults by other institutions, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank. The Bank may 
also be subject to the risk, under specific circumstances, that some of its credits towards third parties 
are no longer collectable. Furthermore, a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties, including 
sovereign States, of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, might cause losses and/or negatively 
affect the ability of the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for 
liquidity purposes. A significant decrease of the creditworthiness of the counterparties of the Bank 
might, therefore, have a negative impact on the results of the same Bank’s performance. Albeit, in many 
cases, the Bank could require further guarantees to the counterparties which are in financial difficulties, 
certain disputes may arise with respect to the amount of guarantee that the Bank is entitled to receive 
and the value of the assets which are object of guarantee. The default rates, counterparties rating 
deterioration and disputes in relation to counterparties on the guarantee appraisal could be significantly 
increased during periods of market tensions and illiquidity. 
In compliance with the provisions of the "ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans" published 
in March 2017 through which the ECB calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies 
to work towards a holistic approach regarding the problem of NPLs, Intesa Sanpaolo submitted to the 
ECB a plan for the reduction of its non-performing loans.  
Subsequently, building on the overall strategy and targets outlined in the 2018-21 Business Plan 
published in February 2018, Intesa Sanpaolo has developed a solid 4-year plan, at no costs to 
shareholders, to reach an NPL level in line with European peers, continuing to maintain a lower leverage 
and a stronger balance sheet. The 2018-21 Group NPL Plan leverages the excellent performance 
achieved in 2017, where the bank outperformed vs plan targets by the strengthening of the proactive 
management of bad loans performed by each division, by the results achieved in the recovery activities, 
by the accomplishment of the planned disposals, but also thanks to the supervision and monitoring 
activities performed by the “Group NPL Plan Control Room”. 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please refer to 
“Regulatory Section” on page 139 of this Base Prospectus. 
Italy was the first European country being hit by COVID-19 outbreak, which has been leading to a 
strong GDP contraction with negative effects in all economic sectors. Nevertheless, results for the first 
nine months of 2020 confirmed Intesa Sanpaolo’s ability to effectively face the challenging aftermath 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. Group Gross NPL stock decreased by roughly €2,3 billion from 31 
December 2019, and of approximately €23 billion from December 2017, therefore already achieving 
90% of the target set for the entire four-year period of the 2018 2021 Business Plan. 
For further information on the management of the "credit risk", please refer to Part E of the Explanatory 
Note of the consolidated financial statements for 2019, included by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Market risk 
In the first nine months of 2020, net of the UBI Group, the Group's average managerial VaR was 273.1 
million euro, up compared to 161.8 million euro in the same period of 2019. The performance of this 
indicator – mainly determined by the IMI Corporate & Investment Banking Division (which comprises 
the operations of Banca IMI, now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo) – once again derives from an increase 
in the risk measures, mainly attributable to the health emergency caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 59 ---
By analysing its composition we observe, with respect to the different factors, the prevalence of credit 
spread risk. It should be specified that in IMI Corporate & Investment Banking Division, the VaR limit 
also includes the HTCS (Held To Collect and Sell) component. 
As to the bank portfolio risks, the market risk, measured in terms of VaR, has recorded in the first six 
months of 2020 an average value of € 579 million (€103 million was the average value on 30 June 
2019). On 30 June 2020, the VaR was equal to €814 million, compared to €126 million on 30 June 
2019. On 31 December 2019, the VaR was equal to €227 million, compared to €91 million on 31 
December 2018. 
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the securities of 
sovereign States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by way of example and 
without limitation, interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), which could determine a 
deterioration of the financial soundness of the Bank and/or the Group. Such deterioration could be 
produced either by negative effects on the income statement deriving from positions held for trading 
purposes, or from negative changes in the FVOCI (Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income) 
reserve, generated by positions classified as financial Activities evaluated at fair value, with an impact 
on the overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes of the financial instruments value, including the 
securities issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates of currencies, 
prices of the securities listed on the markets, commodities and credit spreads and/or other risks. Such 
fluctuations could be caused by changes in the general economic trend, the investors' propensity to 
investments, monetary and tax policies, liquidity of the markets on a global scale, availability and 
capital cost, interventions of rating agencies, political events both at social and international level, war 
conflicts and acts of terrorism. The market risk occurs both with respect to the trading book, which 
includes the financial trading instruments and derivative instruments related thereto, and the banking 
book, which includes the financial assets and liabilities that are different from those contained in the 
trading book. 
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial 
statements, incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The ratio between the credits towards customers and the direct deposit taking, as reported in the 
consolidated financial statement ("Loan to deposit ratio") on 30 September 2020 was at 90%, 
compared to 93% on 31 December 2019. 
The "Liquidity Coverage Ratio" (LCR) on 30 September 2020 was higher than 100% against a minimum 
regulatory threshold equal to 100%. 
The "Net Stable Funding Ratio" (NSFR) on 30 September 2020 was higher than 100% against a 
minimum regulatory threshold of 100% to be respected starting from 2021. 
The participation of the Group to TLTRO funding transactions with ECB at the end of September 2020 
was equal to approximately € 82.9 billion (of which Intesa Sanapolo: € 70.9 and UBI Banca: € 12 
billion). 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the market 
situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of the Bank, possibly accompanied 
by the need to adapt the liquidity situation of the Bank to the regulatory requirements updated from 
time to time in implementation of the European rules, may have negative effects on the activities and 
the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Group.

--- Page 60 ---
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is not able to satisfy its payment obligations at maturity, both 
due to the inability to raise funds on the market (funding liquidity risk) and of the difficulty to disinvest 
its own assets (market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Bank may be prejudiced by the temporary impossibility of accessing capital markets 
by the issuance of debt securities (both guaranteed and not guaranteed), the inability to receive funds 
from counterparties which are external to or of the Group, the inability to sell certain assets or redeem 
its investments, as well as unexpected cash outflows or the obligation to provide more guarantees. Such 
a situation may occur by reason of circumstances that are independent from the control of the Bank, 
such as a general market disruption or an operational issue which affects the Bank or any third parties, 
or also by reason of the perception among the participants in the market that the Bank or other 
participants in the market are experiencing a higher liquidity risk. The liquidity crisis and the loss of 
trust in the financial institutions may increase the Bank’s cost of funding and limit its access to some of 
its traditional liquidity sources. 
Examples of liquidity risk manifestation are the bankruptcy of an important participant to the market, 
or concerns about its possible default, which may cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults of 
other banks which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank; and a decrease of the creditworthiness of 
third parties of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, that may determine losses and/or negatively 
affect the ability of the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for 
liquidity purposes. 
The participation of the Group to the TLTRO funding transactions with the ECB as at 31 December 
2019 is equal to approximately Euro 49 billion. In particular, the Group has participated to 7 TLTRO 
funding transactions, starting from 24 June 2016. As at 30 September 2020, such transactions amounted 
to approximately Euro 70,9 billion (excluding the contribution of Euro 12 billion of UBI Banca), 
consisting entirely of TLTROs III.  
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial 
statements, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Due to the financial market crisis, followed also by the reduced liquidity available to operators in the 
sector, in March 2019 ECB announced a new series of quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing 
operations (TLTROIII) to be launched in September 2019 to March 2021, each with a maturity of two 
years, recently shifted by an additional 1 year. On March 2020 new long term refinancing operations 
(LTROs) were announced to provide a bridge until the TLTRO III window in June 2020 and ensure 
liquidity and regular money market conditions. These measures were integrated with temporary 
collateral easing measures. 
Operational risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of operational risk which are intrinsic to its business, among 
which those mentioned herein, by way of example and without limitation: frauds by external persons, 
frauds or losses arising from the unfaithfulness of the employees and/or breach of control procedures, 
operational errors, defects or malfunctions of computer or telecommunication systems, computer virus 
attacks, default of suppliers with respect to their contractual obligations, terrorist attacks and natural 
disasters. The occurrence of one or more of said risks may have significant negative effects on the 
business, the operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. The capital 
absorption amounts to 2,103 million euro as at 30 September 2020 and represents approximately 7% 
of the total value of the ISP Group requirement. The increase compared to 1,781 million euro as at 30 
June 2020 is due to the addition of the operational risk requirements of the acquired UBI Group. 
The operational risk may be defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk and

--- Page 61 ---
compliance risk, model risk, ICT risk and financial reporting risk; strategic and reputational risk are not 
included. 
The Bank has defined a framework for the operational risks management which consists of the 
following phases: 
• Identification: the detection and description of potential operational risk areas (e.g. 
operational events, presence of issues, applicability of risk factors, significant risk 
scenarios);  
• Assessment and measurement: determination of operational risk exposure;  
• Monitoring and control: continuous management of changes in the operational risk 
exposure, also to prevent the occurrence of harmful events and to promote active risk 
management;  
• Mitigation: operational risk containment through appropriate mitigation actions and 
suitable risk transfer strategies, based on a risk-driven approach;  
• Reporting: preparation of information flows related to operational risk management, 
designed to ensure adequate knowledge of the exposure to this risk.  
Although the Bank constantly supervises its own operational risks, certain unexpected events and/or 
events out of the Bank's control may occur (including those mentioned above by way of example and 
without limitation), with possible negative effects on the business and the economic and/or financial 
situation of the Bank and the Group, as well as on its reputation. 
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial 
statements for 2018, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of foreign exchange risk which are intrinsic to its business 
and are lied in foreign currency loans and deposits held by customers, purchases of securities, equity 
investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies, conversion to domestic currency of 
assets, liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries abroad, trading of foreign currencies and 
banknotes, and collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs 
in foreign currencies. Although the Bank constantly monitors its exposure to foreign currencies, any 
negative development of the foreign rates may have negative effects on activities and the economic 
and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Group.  
“Foreign exchange risk” is defined as the possibility that foreign exchange rate fluctuations produce 
significant changes, both positive and negative, in the Group’s balance sheet aggregates. The key 
sources of exchange rate risk lie in: 
• 
foreign currency loans and deposits held by corporate and/or retail customers; 
• 
purchases of securities, equity investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies; 
• 
conversion into domestic currency of assets, liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries 
abroad; 
• 
trading of foreign currencies and banknotes;

--- Page 62 ---
• 
collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs in foreign 
currencies. 
More specifically, “structural” foreign exchange risk refers to the exposures deriving from the 
commercial operations and the strategic investment decisions of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Foreign exchange transactions, spot and forward, are carried out mostly by IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking Division (which comprises the operations of Banca IMI, now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo), 
which also operates in the name and on behalf of the Intesa Sanpaolo with the task of guaranteeing 
pricing throughout the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group while optimizing the proprietary risk profile 
deriving from brokerage of foreign currencies traded by customers.  
The main types of financial instruments traded include spot and forward exchange transactions in 
foreign currencies, forex swaps, domestic currency swaps, and foreign exchange options. 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation 
on the solution of banking crises 
The Bank is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed 
by the relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). 
Both aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous 
updates and practice developments. 
Furthermore, as a listed Bank, the Bank is required to comply with further provisions issued by 
CONSOB. 
The Bank, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the 
financial and banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and 
consumer protection. 
Although the Bank undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the rules 
and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities 
could give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Bank, with possible negative impacts on the 
operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. 
Regulatory framework 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the Supervisory Rules has been amended on the grounds of the 
Directions deriving from the so called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly 
strengthen the minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction 
of policies and quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation 
levels. In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal 
to 7% of the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a 
Total Capital ratio equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include 
the so called "capital conservation buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
As known, Intesa Sanpaolo, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is 
subject to direct supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB). Following the Supervisory Review 
and Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital 
requirement that Intesa Sanpaolo must comply with a consolidated level. On 8 February 2019, Intesa 
Sanpaolo received the final decision of the ECB concerning the capital requirement that must be 
respected in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio starting from 1 March 2019, which was fixed at

--- Page 63 ---
8.88% according to the transitional criteria in force for 2019 and at 9.35% according to the criteria 
currently in force. 
The following requirements match the determination of the requirement related to the Common Equity 
Tier 1 ratio for 2019: a) the SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio equal to 9.5%, which 
includes the Pillar I minimum requirement of 8%, in whose context a 4.5% in terms of Common Equity 
Tier 1 ratio and 1.5% of additional requirement of Pillar II, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 
ratio; b) the additional requirement related to the Capital Conservation Buffer, equal to 2.5% according 
to the criteria in force in 2019 and the O-SII Buffer (Other Systematically Important Institutions Buffer) 
additional requirement, equal to 0.38% according to the transitional criteria in force for 2019 and 0.75% 
according to the criteria in force in 2021. 
It should be noted that, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of the 
coronavirus (COVID-19), announced certain measures aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct 
supervision, are still able to provide credit support to the real economy. 
Considering that the European banking sector acquired a significant amount of capital reserves (with 
the aim of enabling banks to face with stressful situations such as the COVID-19), the ECB allows 
banks to operate temporarily below the capital level defined by the "Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G)" and the 
"capital conservation buffer (CCB)". Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be 
further improved by an appropriate revision of the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the 
competent national authorities. 
Moreover, due to the COVID -19 outbreak, with the recommendation of March 27, 2020 the ECB 
recommended that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no irrevocable 
commitment to pay out dividends is undertaken by the credit institutions for the financial year 2019 and 
2020 and that credit institutions refrain from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders. ECB 
has decided to extend the recommendation on dividends until 1 January 2021with the New 
recommendation BCE/2020/35 that repeals Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of March 27. 
By taking into account the additional requirement made by the Institution specific Countercyclical 
Capital Buffer, the requirement of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio to be respected by Intesa Sanpaolo is 
equal to 8.96% according to the transitional criteria in force for 2019 and to 9.36% according to the 
criteria currently in force. 
As at 31 December 2019, by taking into account the transitional treatment adopted to mitigate the impact 
of the IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Transitional), the total solvency coefficient of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (Total 
Capital Ratio) is at 17.7%; and the ratio between the Class I Capital (Tier 1) of the Group and the set of 
risk-weighted assets (Tier 1 ratio) is at 15.2%. The ratio between the Primary Capital of Class 1 (CET1) 
and the risk-weighted assets (Common Equity Tier 1 ratio) is equal to 13.5%. 
By taking into consideration the full inclusion of the impact of IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Fully Loaded), the 
solvency coefficients as of 31 December 2019 are the following: Total capital ratio 17.00%; Tier 1 ratio 
14.3%; and Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 13.00%.  
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio or LCR), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the 
bank for a period of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net 
Stable Funding Ratio or NSFR) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that 
the assets and liabilities have a sustainable maturity structure. 
Both indicators of the Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the Rules.

--- Page 64 ---
The slowdown in economic activity caused by lockdowns across Europe and the measures the 
Governments have taken to face the effects of the current health and economic emergency impacted the 
Group operations in the different countries of its perimeter. The business continuity management plans 
were activated in order to ensure the regular execution of Treasury activities and the proper information 
flows to the senior management and the Supervisors. 
Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is more than safe and under constant control, some 
risks may materialize in the coming months, depending on the length of the current lockdown and 
expected economic recovery. An important mitigating factor to these risks are the contingency 
management policies in place in the Group system of rules and the measures announced by the European 
Central Bank, which have granted a higher flexibility in the management of the current liquidity 
situation by leveraging on the available liquidity buffers.  
Furthermore, the Prudential Basel III Regulation introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, 
which measures the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the 
Bank Group. Such index is calculated by considering the assets and exposures out of the 
budget. The objective of the indicator is to contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance 
sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%. 
Although the above-mentioned regulatory evolution (further described under the "Regulatory Section" 
on page 125 of this Base Prospectus) envisages a gradual adaptation to the new prudential requirements, 
the impacts on the management dynamics of the Bank could be significant. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU 
(Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, – so called SRMR), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and 
financial position of the Bank and the Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds 
with financial resources that shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the 
credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, BRRD, as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, BRRD II), which, inter alia, 
introduced the so called "bail-in", Regulation 2019/876/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, 
which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR II") and the Directive of the Parliament and the 
Council 2019/878/EU, which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD V") must be taken into 
consideration and put in force by Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended 
to enable a wide range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of 
failing (i.e. the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of 
any action under the BRRD towards the Intesa Sanpaolo Group could materially affect the value of, or 
any repayments linked to the Covered Bonds. 
Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as 
implemented in Italy by Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015, resolution 
authorities shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, 
including covered bonds or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may 
be exercised in relation to any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related 
hedging instruments), that exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is 
secured.

--- Page 65 ---
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions 
(the SSM Regulation) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism or SSM). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction 
with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct 
supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone.  
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which(i) the 
total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – 
the ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds  20%; (ii) is one of the three 
most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient 
of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability 
Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established 
banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities 
represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant 
criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each national competent authority or upon 
request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution significant to ensure the consistent 
application of high-quality supervisory standards. Intesa Sanpaolo and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have 
been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group within 
the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 
establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the 
European Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national designated authorities 
(the SSM Framework Regulation) and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the 
ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework 
Regulation. 
For further details, please see the "Regulatory Section" on page 139 of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the 
applied accounting principles 
The Bank is exposed, as well as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects deriving 
from both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the existing ones, in 
particular with respect to the international IAS/IFRS accounting principles, as approved and adopted 
within the European legal system. On the date of first implementation of the IFRS 9 principle (31 March 
2018), the main impacts for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the application of the new 
impairment accounting model (based on the "expected loss" concept instead of the "incurred loss" 
approach, which was previously envisaged by IAS 39), which has led to an increase of the value 
adjustments. The first implementation of the IFRS 16 principle, on 31 March 2019, caused an impact 
on the CET 1, equal to -8 base points. 
It is important to highlight that a particular attention should be given towards other interventions on the 
accounting regulations, particularly the new international principle IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments", 
which replaced the IAS 39 as per the classification and measurement of the financial instruments. Such 
principle, which has been approved by means of Regulation (EU) 2067/2016, entered into force on 1 
January 2018. 
For an in depth analysis of the IFRS 9, the relevant implementation project and the effects of its first 
application (FTA) we refer to the chapter on "The transition to the international accounting principle 
IFRS 9" included in the balance sheet as of 31 December 2018. We would like to underline that, upon 
the first application of the principle, the main impacts for Intesa Sanpaolo Group arised from the 
enforcement of the new impairment accounting model (based on the concept of "expected loss" instead 
of the approach of the "incurred loss", previously envisaged by IAS 39), which caused an increase of 
the value adjustments.

--- Page 66 ---
Also with reference to the application of the IFRS 9, we observe that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as 
mainly a banking financial conglomerate, has decided to avail itself of the option of application of the 
so called "Deferral Approach" (or Temporary Exemption), by virtue of which the financial assets and 
liabilities of the insurance subsidiary Companies continue to be registered on the balance sheet under 
the provisions of IAS 39, awaiting the entry into force of the new international accounting principle on 
insurance agreements (IFRS 17), which is scheduled for 2022.1 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle please refer to the specific qualitative and 
quantitative information included in the chapter “Criteria for the preparation of the Annual Report as of 
31 December 2019”. 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Risks related to the Guarantor; 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
Risk related to the market. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered 
Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments 
is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
                                                 
1 Please note that in June 2019 IASB published the Exposure Draft Amendments to IFRS 17 which includes the proposal to postpone the 
date of first application to 2022

--- Page 67 ---
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds 
which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the value of the Covered Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking 
pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, 
unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential arrangement 
granted by the Issuer. The Covered Bonds Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
payable under the Covered Bonds Guarantee until the service on the Covered Bonds Guarantor of an 
Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay. Failure by the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor to pay amounts due under the Covered Bonds Guarantee in respect of any Series or 
Tranche would constitute a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice 
and accelerate the obligations of the Covered Bonds Guarantor under the Covered Bonds Guarantee 
and entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bonds Guarantee. 
The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not constitute a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of 
Default. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Dealers, the 
Arranger, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction 
Documents, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than 
the Issuer and, upon service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice 
to Pay, the Covered Bonds Guarantor. The Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor will be liable solely 
in their corporate capacity and, as to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, limited recourse to the Available 
Funds, for their obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the 
obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or 
incorporators.  
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds Guarantee 
With respect to the Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extendable Maturity is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, if the Covered Bonds Guarantor is obliged under the Covered Bonds 
Guarantee to pay a Guaranteed Amount and has insufficient funds available under the relevant Priority 
of Payments to pay such amount on the Maturity Date, then the obligation of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor to pay such Guaranteed Amounts shall automatically be deferred to the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date. However, to the extent the Covered Bonds Guarantor has sufficient moneys available to 
pay in part the Guaranteed Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor shall make such partial payment in accordance with the relevant Priorities of 
Payments, as described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) on the relevant Maturity Date and 
any subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Payment of the 
unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date. Interest 
will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid Guaranteed Amount on the basis set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not set out therein, in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), mutatis 
mutandis. In these circumstances, except where the Covered Bonds Guarantor has failed to apply money 
in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase), failure by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to pay the relevant Guaranteed Amount on the 
Maturity Date or any subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the 
relevant later date following any applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Covered Bonds

--- Page 68 ---
Guarantor Events of Default. However, failure by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to pay any guaranteed 
amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and/or pay 
any other amount due under the Covered Bonds Guarantee will (subject to any applicable grace period) 
constitute a Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in which 
case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in which case they 
will constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with 
each other in all respects and will share equally in the security granted by the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
under the Covered Bonds Guarantee. If an Issuer Event of Default and/or a Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Event of Default occurs and results in acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all Series will accelerate at 
the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Under no circumstances 
shall the interest payments for the Covered Bondholder be less than zero. Set out below is a description 
of the most common of such features: 
(a) 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from 
their nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered Bonds are characterised by 
the circumstance that the relevant covered bondholders, instead of benefitting from periodical interest 
payments, shall be granted an interest income consisting in the difference between the redemption price 
and the issue price, which difference shall reflect the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon 
covered bond is exposed to the risk that the price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in 
the market interest rate. Prices of zero coupon Covered Bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate 
Covered Bonds and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest 
bearing Covered Bonds with a similar maturity. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such 
Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the 
interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds since the Issuer 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If 
the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered

--- Page 69 ---
Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Certain decisions of Representative of the Covered Bondholders taken without the consent or 
sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders  
Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders concur 
with the Issuer and/or the Covered Bonds Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making or 
sanctioning any modifications to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents: 
(i) 
provided that in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders such 
modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of 
any Series; or 
(ii) 
which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are made to correct a 
manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or of a formal, minor or technical nature, or are made to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law. 
In establishing whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers 
reasonable to rely on, and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to all or any of the following: 
(i) 
a certificate from a Relevant Dealer, stating the intention of the parties to the relevant 
Transaction Document, confirming nothing has been said to, or by, the investors or any other 
parties which is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention and stating the modification 
to the relevant Transaction Document that is required to reflect such intention; 
(ii) 
confirmation from the Rating Agency that, after giving effect to such modification, the Covered 
Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those assigned to them immediately 
prior to the modification. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolutions 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and 
interests of Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (i) instructing the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take enforcement action against the Issuer and/or the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor; (ii) reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment 
or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; (iii) alteration of the currency in which payments 
under the Covered Bonds are to be made; (iv) alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and (v) any amendments to the Covered Bonds Guarantee or the Deed of Pledge (except in

--- Page 70 ---
a manner determined by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series). 
Certain decisions of Covered Bondholders shall be taken at a Programme level by means of Programme 
Resolution. A Programme Resolution will bind all Covered Bondholders, irrespective of whether they 
attended the meeting or voted in favour of the Programme Resolution. No Resolution, other than a 
Programme Resolution, passed by the holders of one Series of Covered Bonds will be effective in 
respect of another Series unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary 
Resolution, as the case may require, of the holders of that other Series. Any Resolution passed at a 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders of a Series shall bind all other holders of that Series, irrespective 
of whether they attended the meeting and whether they voted in favour of the relevant Resolution.  
It should also be noted that after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of the 
Covered Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Covered Bonds Guarantor (or 
the Representative of the Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders 
may only be exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
In addition, after the delivery of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the protection and 
exercise of the Covered Bondholders’ rights against the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the security 
under the Covered Bonds Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence 
proceedings against the Covered Bonds Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders the power to determine in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may commence any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders' powers may affect the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict 
between these interests, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard solely to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or 
more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered 
Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of 
at least 75 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series. 
Credit rating of the Covered Bonds may not reflect all risks 
The rating assigned to the Covered Bonds address, inter alia: 
• 
the likelihood of full and timely payment to Covered Bondholders of all payments of interest on 
each CB Payment Date; 
• 
the likelihood of timely payment of principal in relation to the Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the 
Maturity Date; and 
• 
the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal in relation to Covered Bonds on (a) the Maturity 
Date thereof, or (b) if the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms, the Extended Maturity Date thereof.

--- Page 71 ---
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom (UK) and registered under the 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The credit ratings included or referred 
to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by Moody's France S.A.S.. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(or is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA or the UK but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA or the UK which is certified under the CRA Regulation. The European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(the 
ESMA) 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Certain information with respect to the 
credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
The expected rating of the Covered Bonds is set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of 
Covered Bonds. The Rating Agency may lower its ratings or withdraw its rating if, in its sole judgement, 
the credit quality of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question, and the Issuer has 
not undertaken to maintain a rating. In addition, at any time the Rating Agency may revise its relevant 
rating methodology with the result that, amongst other things, any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds 
may be lowered. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value 
of the Covered Bonds may reduce. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered 
Bonds. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees 
charged by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or 
institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of one or more investment accounts, transfers 
of Covered Bonds, custody services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential 
investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the 
relevant Covered Bonds. Certain information in that respect are available under the section headed 
"General Information". 
Law 130 
Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of covered bonds in 
2005. Law 130 was further amended during the following years. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of Law 130 as it relates to 
covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for 
(i) the MEF Decree setting out the technical requirements of the guarantee which may be given in 
respect of covered bonds, (ii) the BoI OBG Regulations concerning guidelines on the valuation of assets, 
the procedure for purchasing integration assets and controls required to ensure compliance with the 
legislation, and (iii) the clarifications, provided for by the Bank of Italy, to certain queries concerning 
the OBG Regulations submitted to the such authority by Italian banks and the Italian Banking 
Association (Associazione Bancaria Italiana). Consequently, it is possible that such or different 
authorities may issue further regulations relating to Law 130 or the interpretation thereof, the impact of 
which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 72 ---
Change of law 
The structure of the Programme and, inter alia, the issue of the Covered Bonds and the rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds are based on the relevant law, tax and administrative practice in effect at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, and having due regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities 
under such law and practice. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to the 
law (including any change in regulation which may occur without a change in primary legislation), tax 
or administrative practice or its interpretation will not change after the Issue Date of any Series or that 
such change will not adversely impact the structure of the Programme and the treatment of the Covered 
Bonds. This Base Prospectus will not be updated to reflect any such changes or events. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked 
to such “benchmarks” 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other 
indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to such a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment fund became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The 
Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation and such 
changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “Benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “Benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
"benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017 the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the 
LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and, on 12 July 2018, announced that the LIBOR benchmark may cease 
to be a regulated benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation. Such announcements indicate  that the 
continuation of LIBOR on the current basis(or at all)  cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021.In 
addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, 
its Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based 
transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) over the next four years across sterling 
bond, loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate 
benchmark by the end of 2021. 
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-
free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short- 
term rate (€STR) as the new risk free rate for the area euro. The €STR was published for the first time 
on 2 October 2019. The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of

--- Page 73 ---
guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, 
new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles 
indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without 
robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
Actually, although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to system how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. It is not possible to 
predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards.  
This may cause LIBOR and EURIBOR to perform differently than they have done in the past and may 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the 
following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bond 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred 
(including, but not limited to, a Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) ceasing to be provided or 
upon a material change of a Reference Rate), if applicable, then the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 6(f) (Fallback Provisions) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or 
cannot select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the 
replacement rate, provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds shall apply. In certain circumstances, including but not limited to where the Issuer is 
unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page, 
the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the rate of interest of the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in effective 
application of a fixed rate of interest for Covered Bonds initially designated to be Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have 
been made on the Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. 
Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the 
Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to 
determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it 
is presented with a conflict of interest. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to 
be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the 
application of the Adjustment Spread to the Covered Bonds may not do so and may result in the Covered 
Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do 
if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.

--- Page 74 ---
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation or any of the international or national reforms 
and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds, 
investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI OBG Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see paragraph 
headed "Controls over the transaction" under the section headed “Selected aspects of Italian law”), 
aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer believes that it has implemented the 
appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the relevant requirements, investors should note 
that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually performed 
and that any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and controls could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s or the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the Guarantor 
Covered Bond Guarantor only obliged to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date 
The Covered Bonds Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the 
Covered Bonds Guarantee until service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders: 
(i) 
on the Covered Bonds Guarantor, following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer 
Event of Default, respectively, of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) 
or a Notice to Pay; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default, on the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice.  
An Article 74 Notice to Pay can only be served if an Article 74 Event occurs and results in service by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Article 74 Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor. A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs and 
results in service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer 
and the Covered Bonds Guarantor. A Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice can only be served 
if a Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default occurs. 
Following service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay on 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor (provided that (a) an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred and (b) no Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice has been served) under the terms of 
the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Covered Bonds Guarantor will be obliged to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts as on the Due for Payment Date. Such payments will be subject to and will be made in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments. In these circumstances, other than the 
Guaranteed Amounts, the Covered Bonds Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount, for example 
in respect of broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest or interest on interest 
which may accrue on or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Guarantee, following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer 
Event of Default and service, respectively, of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, but prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of 
Default, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the 
Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in

--- Page 75 ---
such circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the 
Scheduled Principal from the Covered Bonds Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In 
consideration of the substitution of the Covered Bonds Guarantor in the performance of the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds Guarantor (directly or through 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the 
Available Funds. 
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by either the MEF Decree or 
contractual agreements between the parties of the Covered Bonds Guarantee, and there is no case-law 
or other official interpretation on this issue. Therefore, we cannot exclude that a court might uphold a 
Covered Bondholder’s right to act directly against the Issuer. 
Limited resources available to the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
The Covered Bonds Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds Guarantee will 
depend on the realisable value of the Portfolio, the amount of principal and revenue proceeds generated 
by the Portfolio and/or the Eligible Investments and Authorised Investments and the timing thereof and 
amounts received from the Hedging Counterparties, the Receivables Collection Account Bank and the 
Account Bank. The Covered Bonds Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds Guarantee. 
If a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Portfolio, the Eligible 
Investments and Authorised Investments and the amounts received from the Hedging Counterparties, 
the Receivables Collection Account Bank and the Account Bank, may not be sufficient to meet the 
claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured Creditors have 
not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they 
may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the 
Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test have been 
structured to ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of the assets included in the Portfolio shall be 
greater than or equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. In addition the MEF 
Decree and the BoI OBG Regulations provide for certain further tests aimed at ensuring that (a) the net 
present value of the Eligible Portfolio (net of certain costs) shall be greater than or equal to the net 
present value of the Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the 
assets included in the Portfolio (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the interest and 
costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (for a full description of the Tests see Section "Credit 
Structure"). 
However there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall in the amounts available to the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds Guarantee. 
Reliance of the Covered Bonds Guarantor on third parties 
The Covered Bonds Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have 
agreed to perform services for the Covered Bonds Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the 
Servicer has been (and Successor Servicer may be) appointed to service, in accordance with the terms 
of the Servicing Agreement, Public Assets and Integration Assets included in the Portfolio and the Asset 
Monitor has been appointed to monitor compliance with the Tests. 
In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to 
which it is a party, the realisable value of the Portfolio or any part thereof may be affected, or, pending 
such realisation (if the Portfolio or any part thereof cannot be sold), the ability of the Covered Bonds

--- Page 76 ---
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bonds Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the 
Servicer has failed to adequately administer the Portfolio, this may lead to higher incidences of non-
payment or default by Debtors. The Covered Bonds Guarantor is also reliant on the Hedging 
Counterparties to provide it with the funds matching its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
Guarantee. 
If an event of default occurs in relation to the Servicer pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, 
then the Covered Bonds Guarantor with the prior notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Servicer and with the prior consent of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and prior notice to the Rating Agency will be entitled 
to appoint a Successor Servicer in its place. There can be no assurance that a successor with sufficient 
experience in carrying out the activities of the Servicer would be found and would be willing and able 
to carry out the relevant activities on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The ability of a Successor 
Servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, 
software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a 
Successor Servicer may affect the realisable value of the Portfolio or any part thereof, and/or the ability 
of the Covered Bonds Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bonds Guarantee.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer 
or to monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Hedging Counterparties 
To provide a hedge against interest rate risks and/or currency risk in respect of each Series of the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Covered Bonds Guarantor may enter into CB Swaps 
with the CB Hedging Counterparties. Additionally, to provide a hedge against interest rate risk and/or 
currency risk on the Portfolio, the Covered Bonds Guarantor will enter into TBG Swaps in respect of 
each assigned portfolio (together the TBG Swaps and the CB Swaps, the Swap Agreements) with the 
TBG Hedging Counterparties (together the TBG Hedging Counterparties and the CB Hedging 
Counterparties, the Hedging Counterparties). 
If the Covered Bonds Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap 
Agreement, then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under 
that Swap Agreement. A Hedging Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Master 
Agreement) only obliged to make payments to the Covered Bonds Guarantor as long as the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. In 
circumstances where non-payment by the Covered Bonds Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not 
result in a default under that Swap Agreement, the Hedging Counterparty may be obliged to make 
payments to the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Master Agreements as if payment had been 
made by the Covered Bonds Guarantor. Any amounts not paid by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to a 
Hedging Counterparty may in such circumstances incur additional amounts of interest by the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor, which would rank senior to amounts due on the Covered Bonds. If the Hedging 
Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments of 
amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
on the payment date under the Master Agreements, the Covered Bonds Guarantor will be exposed to 
changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of 
interest.  
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Covered Bonds Guarantor may be obliged to make a 
termination payment to the relevant Hedging Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant 
Swap Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Covered Bonds Guarantor will be able to 
enter into a replacement swap agreement, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the 
replacement hedging counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current

--- Page 77 ---
ratings of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency. In addition, the Master Agreements may provide 
that notwithstanding any relevant Hedging Counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and 
it failing to take the remedial action set out in the relevant Master Agreement, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor may not terminate the Master Agreement until a replacement hedging counterparty has been 
found. There can be no assurance that the Covered Bonds Guarantor will be able to enter into a 
replacement swap agreement with a replacement hedging counterparty with the requisite ratings and at 
the same terms and conditions subsequent swap agreement. 
If the Covered Bonds Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Master Agreement, 
such termination payment may rank ahead of amounts due on the Covered Bonds and with amounts due 
under the Covered Bonds Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may 
adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bonds Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee. 
No Gross-up for Taxes by the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of 
Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Covered Bonds Guarantor will make the 
required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the 
Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to 
the Covered Bondholders. 
Risks related to the underlying 
Limits to the integration 
Under the BoI OBG Regulations, any integration, whether through Public Assets or Integration Assets, 
shall be carried out in accordance with the modalities, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI OBG 
Regulations (see paragraph headed “Tests set out in the MEF Decree” under the section headed 
“Selected aspects of Italian law”). 
More specifically, under the BoI OBG Regulations, integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose 
of (i) complying with the tests provided for under the MEF Decree; (ii) complying with any contractual 
overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements or (iii) complying 
with the Integration Assets Limit. 
Investors should note that the integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the 
BoI OBG Regulations and specified above. 
Limited description of the Portfolio 
Covered Bondholders may not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Public Assets 
and Integration Assets included in the Portfolio, because it is expected that the constitution of the 
Portfolio will frequently change due to, for instance: 
(i) 
the Seller selling further Public Assets and Integration Assets,  
(ii) 
the Seller repurchasing certain Public Assets and Integration Assets in accordance with the 
Master Transfer Agreement; and 
(iii) 
the Seller (as long as it is the Servicer in the context of the Programme) being granted by the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor with a wide power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of Public 
Assets and Integration Assets included in the Portfolio.

--- Page 78 ---
However, each Receivable and Security being, from time to time, part of the Portfolio, will be required 
to meet the Criteria and/or the characteristics (as applicable) set out in the Master Transfer Agreement 
and to conform to the representations and warranties granted by the Seller under the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement (see paragraph headed “Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” under the section 
headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”). In addition, the Tests are intended to ensure, inter 
alia, that the ratio of the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s assets to the Covered Bonds is maintained at a 
certain minimum level and the Asset Cover Report to be provided by the Calculation Agent on each 
Calculation Date will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the Tests. 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, any Additional Seller may sell to the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor, and the latter shall purchase, Public Assets and Integration Assets, subject 
to, inter alia: (i) the execution of a master transfer agreement substantially in the form of the Master 
Transfer Agreement, and (ii) the granting of a subordinated loan by such Additional Seller for the 
purpose of financing the purchase of Public Assets or Integration Assets from it, in accordance with the 
provision of a subordinated loan agreement to be executed substantially in the form of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
Sale of Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or 
an Issuer Event of Default 
Following the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or of a Notice to 
Pay and prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default, if necessary in order 
to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Portfolio Manager, then the Covered Bonds Guarantor, shall direct the Servicer 
to sell Selected Assets (selected on a random basis) and/ or Integration Assets, provided that no 
representations and warranties will be given by the Covered Bonds Guarantor in respect of the Selected 
Assets sold (see “Description of the Transaction Documents — Portfolio Administration Agreement”). 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets at 
the times required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be 
obtained for such Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets, which may affect payments under the 
Covered Bonds Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets may not be sold by 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor (through the Servicer) for an amount lower than the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds until 6 (six) months prior to the Maturity 
Date in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Extended Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds. If, inter alia, Selected Assets 
and/or Integration Assets have not been sold (in whole or in part) in an amount equal to the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount by the date which is 6 (six) months prior to the Maturity Date or 
Extended Maturity Date of a Series of Covered Bonds which are not Long Dated Covered Bonds, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor (through the Servicer), is obliged to sell the Selected Assets and/or 
Integration Assets for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such price may be less 
than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount (see paragraph headed "Portfolio Administration 
Agreement" under the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”).  
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default occurs and a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice is served on the Covered Bonds Guarantor, then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, direct the Servicer to sell the Selected 
Assets and/or the Integration Assets as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market 
conditions at that time (see paragraph headed "Portfolio Administration Agreement” under the section 
headed “Description of the Transaction Documents”).

--- Page 79 ---
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Portfolio will be in an amount sufficient to 
repay all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and 
the Transaction Documents. If a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served on the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not 
at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Portfolio or the ability of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bonds Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and 
on the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the realisable value of the assets included in the Portfolio may be 
reduced (which may affect the ability of the Covered Bonds Guarantor to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds Guarantee) by, inter alia: 
(i) 
default by the Debtors on amounts due in respect of Public Assets and Integration Assets; 
(ii) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Public Assets and Integration Assets included in the 
Portfolio; 
(iii) 
limited recourse to the Covered Bonds Guarantor; 
(iv) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory authorities;  
(v) 
adverse movement of the interest rate; 
(vi) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure; and 
(vii) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Public Assets and Integration Assets 
being unenforceable. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the 
Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Public Assets and 
Integration Assets in the Portfolio and monies standing to the credit of the Accounts to enable the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds following an Issuer Event of Default, service of 
a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Covered Bonds Guarantor and accordingly it is expected 
(although there is no assurance) that Selected Assets and/or Integration Assets could be realised for 
sufficient values to enable the Covered Bonds Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee. 
Default by Debtors in paying amounts due on Receivables or Securities 
Debtors may default on their obligations due under the Receivables or the Securities for a variety of 
reasons. The Public Assets and Integration Assets are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. 
Various factors influence delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate 
payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, 
regional economic conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, 
yields on alternative investments, political developments and government policies. Certain factors may 
lead to an increase in default by the Debtors, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability 
of the Debtors to repay the Receivables or the Securities.  
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
Each of the Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance with its lending 
criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Loans sold to the Covered Bonds Guarantor by the Seller,

--- Page 80 ---
but originated by a person other than the Seller (an Originator), will have been originated in accordance 
with the lending criteria of such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller’s or 
the relevant Originator’s, as the case may be, lending criteria will generally consider term of loan, 
indemnity guarantee policies, status of applicants and credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer 
of any Loans to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Seller will warrant that (a) such Loans as were 
originated by it were originated in accordance with the Seller’s lending criteria applicable at the time 
of origination and (b) such Loans as were originated by an Originator, were originated in accordance 
with the relevant Originator’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. The Seller retains 
the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time subject to the terms of the Master Transfer 
Agreement. An Originator may additionally revise its lending criteria at any time. However, if such 
lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Loans, that may lead to 
increased defaults by Debtors and may affect the realisable value of the Portfolio and the ability of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bonds Guarantee. However, Defaulted 
Assets in the Portfolio will be given a zero weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the Tests. 
Loans disbursed by lenders in pool (ATI and Convenzioni in Pool) 
The Portfolio includes certain Loans disbursed by lenders in pool both by means of ATI (as defined in 
this Base Prospectus) or Convenzioni in Pool (as defined in this Base Prospectus).  
Pursuant to Italian law, should a pool of banks participate in a public auction for the granting of a loan 
towards a public entity, such banks are requested to form an ATI, such a temporary association of 
enterprises, and give an irrevocable mandate (an in rem propriam mandate) to one of them acting as 
agent bank. The agent bank is entitled, inter alia, to enter into the loan agreement and perform all the 
recovery and collection activity towards the Debtor. In particular, the agent bank is, among the lenders, 
the only entity entitled to exercise the enforcement, recovery and collection activities towards the 
Debtor, provided that the agent bank shall, in accordance with an intercreditor agreement, distribute to 
each of the lender the relevant reimbursement amount. The lenders constituting the pool are therefore 
subject to the timing of payment by the agent bank and to the due fulfillment of its obligation under the 
intercreditor agreement. 
Certain Loans included in the Portfolio are loans disbursed by lenders in the pool both by means of ATI 
or Convenzioni in Pool and, in respect to some of such loans, Intesa Sanpaolo (former Banca 
Infrastrutture Innovazione e Sviluppo S.p.A.) acts as agent bank otherwise Intesa Sanpaolo acts as 
principal. 
Where Intesa Sanpaolo acts as agent bank in an ATI, Intesa Sanpaolo may, in accordance with the 
provisions regulating the ATI, assign its rights against the Debtor, but nevertheless will remain the only 
recognised counterparty for the public entity Debtor and, accordingly, the only entitled to perform, also 
in the interest of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the enforcement and recovery procedures vis-à-vis such 
Debtor. 
In the event that Intesa Sanpaolo is not the agent bank, but acts solely in its capacity as a lender in the 
pool, Intesa Sanpaolo would, following the assignment of the Loan and the Portfolio, not be able to 
supervise the enforcement, recovery and collection activities, which are performed by the relevant agent 
bank.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall only be able to rely on the relevant 
agent bank fulfilling its obligations in a timely and orderly fashion. 
The Transaction Documents contain certain provisions aimed at mitigating the risks mentioned above. 
In particular, in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and the Portfolio Administration Agreement, 
upon the occurrence of an ATI Agent Trigger Event, the Issuer and the Servicer are required to 
implement certain ATI Agent Remedy Actions. (For a complete description see “Credit Structure”).

--- Page 81 ---
Risk related to the market 
Limited secondary market  
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally would have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In addition, Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme might not be rated or listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these 
circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices 
of such Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able 
to sell his Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds 
might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the 
Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (iii) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as 
some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal and/or tax 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (ii) 
Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply 
to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors 
or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 82 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which 
have previously been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
which have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as at 30 September 2020; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20201202_Trimestrale3Q20_uk.pdf; 
(b) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the half-year 
2020, with auditors’ limited review report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20200917_Semestrale_uk.pdf  
(c) 
the Issuer's audited consolidated annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2019; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2019/20200430_BILANCI_2019_Def_uk.pdf  
(d) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements, including the auditors' report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles, in respect of the year ended on 
and as at 31 December 2018; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2018/CNT-05-000000052A83D/CNT-05-000000052F133.pdf  
(e) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s unaudited interim condensed financial statements, including the 
auditors’ limited review report, in respect of the half-year 2020; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20201104_Semestrale_ISP
_CB_PUBBLICO_300620_uk.pdf    
(f) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor audited annual financial statements, including the auditor’s 
report thereon, in respect of the year ended on and as at 31 December 2019; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20200811_ISP_CB_PUBB
LICO_bilancio_31122019_uk.PDF   
(g) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor audited annual financial statements including the auditor’s report 
thereon, in respect of the year ended on and as at 31 December 2018; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20191220_ISP_CB_PUBB
LICO_Financial_Statements_2018.pdf   
The table below sets out the relevant page references for, inter alia (i) the notes, the balance sheet, the 
income statement and the accounting policies relating to the unaudited condensed financial statements

--- Page 83 ---
of the Issuer as at 30 September 2020 and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer in respect of the half-year ended on 30 June 2020, with auditors’ limited review report; (ii) 
the notes, the balance sheet, the income statement, the auditor’s report and the accounting policies 
relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended on and as at 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018, (iii) the notes, the balance sheet, the income statement and the 
accounting policies relating to the interim financial statements of the Covered Bonds Guarantor in 
respect of the half-year ended on 30 June 2020, with auditors’ limited review report, and (iv) the notes, 
the balance sheet, the income statement, the auditor’s report and the accounting policies relating to the 
financial statements of the Covered Bonds Guarantor for the years ended on and as at 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018. 
The audited consolidated financial statements referred to above, together with the audit reports thereon, 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the half-year 2020 and 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as at 30 September 2020 are 
available both in the original Italian language and in English language. The English language versions 
represent a direct translation from the Italian language documents. The Issuer and the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, as relevant, are responsible for the English translations of the financial reports incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and declare that such is an accurate and not misleading translation 
in all material respects of the Italian language version of the Issuer's and Cover Bonds Guarantor's 
financial reports (as applicable). Any part of the documents listed under items from (1) to (7) above not 
listed in cross reference list below but contained in such documents, is not incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Cross-reference List 
The following table shows where the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
including the information required under Annex 7 of the Prospectus Regulation (in respect of the Issuer) 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor, can be found in the above mentioned financial statements 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Interim statements of the Issuer as at 30 September 2020 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .....................................................................................  
42-43 
Consolidated income statement ..............................................................................  
44 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .................................................  
45 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ........................................................  
46-47 
Economic results.....................................................................................................  
51-68 
Balance sheet aggregates .......................................................................................  
69-86 
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area .............................................  
87-104 
Risk management ....................................................................................................  
105-120 
Accounting policies.................................................................................................  
121-125 
Declaration of the Manager responsible for preparing the Company's financial 
reports pursuant to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 ..........................  
126 
Attachments ............................................................................................................  
127 - 149 
Half-yearly report of the Issuer as at 30 June 2020

--- Page 84 ---
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .....................................................................................  
60-61 
Consolidated income statement ..............................................................................  
62 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .................................................  
63 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ........................................................  
64-65 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ....................................................................  
66 
Explanatory Notes ..................................................................................................  
67- 169 
Accounting policies ................................................................................................  
69-76 
Subsequent events ..................................................................................................  
77 
Economic results ....................................................................................................  
78-96 
Balance sheet aggregates ........................................................................................  
97-130 
Breakdown of results by business area and geographical area ...............................  
131-158 
Risk management ...................................................................................................  
159-189 
Shareholder base, related party transactions and other information .......................  
190-196 
Certification of the half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements 
pursuant to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 ......................................  
197-198 
Independent Auditors' Report .................................................................................  
199-202 
Attachments ............................................................................................................  
203-226 
 
Audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended on 31 December 
2019 
 
 
Page number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ..................................................................................  
172-173 
Consolidated income statement ...........................................................................  
174 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income ..............................................  
175 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ......................................................  
176-177 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ..................................................................  
178 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ....................................................  
179-534 
– Part A – Accounting policies ............................................................................  
181-257 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet ...................................  
258-343 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement ............................  
344-367 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income .................................................  
368 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies .............................  
369-504 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital ....................................................  
505-509 
– Part G – Business combinations ........................................................................  
510-515 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties ...  
516-522 
– Part I – Share-based payments ..........................................................................  
523-526 
– Part L – Segment reporting ...............................................................................  
527-529 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ............................................................................  
530-534 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 ...............................................................................  
535

--- Page 85 ---
Page number(s) 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements..............  
537-545 
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements .......................................  
547-572 
 
Audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year 
ended on 31 December 2018 
Audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Pages 192-193 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 194 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income  
Page 195 
Statement of changes in consolidated shareholders’ equity 
Pages 196-197 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
Page 198 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 199-544 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 
Page 545 
Independent Auditors’ Report on the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 547- 557” 
 
Covered Bond Guarantor half-yearly report as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2020 
 
Unaudited half-year condensed financial statements 
Page number(s) 
Statement of financial position 
11-12 
Income Statement 
13 
Statement of comprehensive income 
14 
Statements of changes in equity  
15 
Statement of cash flows 
16-17 
Notes to the financial statements 
18-46 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
First 2 pages of 
the PDF version 
of the document 
 
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor for the year ended on 31 
December 2019 
Audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
Page number(s) 
Statement of financial position 
–23-24 
Income Statement 
25 
Statement of comprehensive income 
26 
Statements of changes in equity 
27 
Statement of Cash Flows  
28 
Notes to the financial statements 
30-63 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
First five pages 
of the PDF 
version of the 
document

--- Page 86 ---
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor for the year ended on 31 
December 2018 
Audited annual financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Page number(s) 
Statement of financial position 
14 - 15 
Income Statement 
16 
Statement of comprehensive income 
17 
Statements of changes in equity 
18 
Statement of Cash Flows  
19 
Notes to the financial statements 
20-53 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
First five pages 
of the PDF 
version of the 
document 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting 
principles issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and the relative interpretations of 
the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee, as adopted by the European Union 
under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. 
The information not included in the cross-reference lists above is not incorporated by reference. Part of 
the documents in the cross-reference list above has not been incorporated by reference and is considered 
either not relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may also be obtained from 
the registered office of the Issuer; the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements as at 31 September 2020, the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
in respect of the half-year 2020 and the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer, 
including the auditor’s report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of 
the years respectively ended on as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, on the Issuer's website 
(http://www.group.intesasanpaolo.com/scriptIsir0/si09/salastampa/eng_comunicati_stampa.jsp  and 
http://www.group.intesasanpaolo.com/scriptIsir0/si09/investor_relations/eng_bilanci_relazioni.jsp#/in
vestor_relations/eng_bilanci_relazioni.jsp). 
Copies of all documents incorporated by reference herein may be obtained without charge at the head 
office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu/programme/Programme-IntesaSanpaolo/13643). Written or 
oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent.

--- Page 87 ---
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the listing of the Covered Bonds on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, that if there shall occur any adverse change in the business or financial 
position of the Issuer or any change in the information set out under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds”, that is material in the context of issuance of Covered Bonds under the Programme, 
the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case 
may be, publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer 
of Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 88 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and organisation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Intesa Sanpaolo Origins 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the result of the merger by incorporation of Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. with Banca Intesa 
S.p.A. (effective 1 January 2007). 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. was originally established in 1925 under the name of La Centrale and invested in 
the business of the production and distribution of electricity. After the nationalisation of companies in 
this sector in the early 1960s, the company changed its name to La Centrale Finanziaria Generale, 
acquiring equity investments in various companies in the banking, insurance and publishing sector. The 
company merged by incorporation with Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano in 1985 and assumed its name and 
constitutional objects. Following the acquisition of Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde S.p.A. 
(Cariplo) in January 1998, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to Gruppo Banca Intesa. 
Then, in 2001, Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A. was merged into the Gruppo Banca Intesa and the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to "Banca Intesa Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A.". On 
1 January 2003 the corporate name was changed to "Banca Intesa S.p.A.". 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. (Sanpaolo IMI) was formed in 1998 through the merger of Istituto Mobiliare 
Italiano S.p.A. (IMI) and Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino S.p.A. (Sanpaolo). 
Sanpaolo originated from the "Compagnia di San Paolo" brotherhood, which was set up in 1563 to help 
the needy. The "Compagnia di San Paolo" began undertaking credit activities and progressively 
developed into a banking institution during the nineteenth century, becoming a public law credit 
institution (Istituto di Credito di Diritto Pubblico) in 1932. Between 1960 and 1990, Sanpaolo expanded 
its network nationwide through a number of acquisitions of local banks and medium-sized regional 
banks, ultimately reaching the level of a multifunctional group of national importance in 1991 after its 
acquisition of Crediop. On 31 December 1991, Sanpaolo became a stock corporation (società per 
azioni) with the name Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino Società per Azioni. 
IMI was established as a public law entity in 1931 and during the 1980s it developed its specialist credit 
and investment banking services and, with Banca Fideuram, its professional asset management and 
financial consultancy services. IMI became a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) in 1991. 
The merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI and the creation of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
The boards of directors of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI unanimously approved the merger of 
Sanpaolo IMI with Banca Intesa on 12 October 2006 and the merger became effective on 1 January 
2007. The surviving entity changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the parent company of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group. 
Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo is a company limited by shares, incorporated in 1925 under the laws of Italy and 
registered with the Companies' Registry of Turin under registration number 00799960158. It is also 
registered on the National Register of Banks under no. 5361 and is the parent company of "Gruppo 
Intesa Sanpaolo". Intesa Sanpaolo operates subject to the Banking Law.

--- Page 89 ---
Registered Office 
Intesa Sanpaolo's registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy) and its telephone 
number is +39 0115551. Intesa Sanpaolo's secondary office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan 
(Italy). The LEI Code of the Issuer is 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08. 
Website 
The website of the Issuer is www.intesasanpaolo.com. 
The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained 
therein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Objects 
The objects of Intesa Sanpaolo are deposit-taking and the carrying-on of all forms of lending activities, 
including through its subsidiaries. Intesa Sanpaolo may also, in compliance with laws and regulations 
applicable from time to time and subject to obtaining the required authorisations, provide all banking 
and financial services, including the establishment and management of open-ended and closed-ended 
supplementary pension schemes, as well as the performance of any other transactions that are incidental 
to, or connected with, the achievement of its objects. 
Ratings 
The credit ratings assigned to Intesa Sanpaolo are the following: 
• BBB (high) by DBRS Rating GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar");• BBB- by Fitch Ratings Limited 
("Fitch Ratings"); 
• Baa1 by Moody’s France S.A.S. ("Moody’s"); and 
• BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings”). 
Each of DBRS Morningstar, Fitch Ratings, Moody’s and S&P Global Ratings is established in the EEA 
or in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the CRA 
Regulation) and appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA 
website https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Share Capital 
As at 9 December 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo's issued and paid-up share capital amounted to 
€10,084,445,147.92, divided into 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares without nominal value. Since 9 
December 2020, there has been no change to Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital.The Issuer is not aware of 
any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change 
of control of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change of control of the Issuer. 
Organisational Structure of the Divisions as at 22 December 2020

--- Page 90 ---
Banca dei 
Territori(*) 
Division  
 
 S. Barrerse 
IMI Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking  
Division 
M. Micillo  
International 
Subsidiary Banks 
Division 
 
M.E. Rottigni 
Private Banking 
Division 
 
 
T.Corcos 
Asset 
Management 
Division 
 
S. Perissinotto 
Insurance 
Division 
 
 
N.M. Fioravanti 
 
 
 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Banca 5 
Banca Intesa (**) 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Ireland 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Luxembourg 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Brasil 
Banca Intesa 
Beograd 
Bank of Alexandria 
CIB Bank 
Eximbank 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank (***) 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Albania 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Romania 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina 
Pravex Bank 
Privredna Banka 
Zagreb 
VUB Banka 
Fideuram 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Private 
Banking 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Private Bank 
(Suisse) Morval 
SIREF 
Fiduciaria 
 
Eurizon  
Fideuram Vita 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Assicura 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Life 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo RBM 
Salute 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo Vita 
 
 
 
Managing Director 
and CEO 
Carlo Messina

--- Page 91 ---
(1) UBI Banca (CEO Gaetano Miccichè) has been temporarily considered as a separate business 
area 
(*) Domestic commercial banking 
(**) Russian Federation 
(***) Slovenia 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is one of the top banking groups in Europe and is committed to 
supporting the economy in the countries in which it operates, specifically in Italy where it is 
also committed to becoming a reference model in terms of sustainability and social and cultural 
responsibility. 
In Italy, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has 14.6 million customers and approximately 5,360 
branches.  
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is the leading provider of financial products and services to both 
households and enterprises in Italy. 
The Group has a strategic international presence, with approximately 1,000 branches and 7.2 
million customers. It is among the top players in several countries in Central Eastern Europe 
and in the Middle East and North Africa, through its local subsidiary banks: the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group ranks first in Serbia, second in Croatia and Slovakia, fourth in Albania, fifth 
in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Egypt and sixth in  Moldova, Slovenia and Hungary. 
As at 30 September 2020, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group had total assets of €996,848 million, customer 
loans of €489,148 million, direct deposits from banking business of €547,328 million and direct 
deposits from insurance business and technical reserves of  €169,690 million. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates through six divisions: 
a) 
The Banca dei Territori division: focuses on the market and centrality of the territory for 
stronger relations with individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and non-profit entities. 
The division includes the activities in industrial credit, leasing and factoring, –as well as in 
instant banking trough the partnership between the subsidiary Banca 5 and SisalPay. 
b) 
The IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division: a global partner which taking a 
medium-long term view, supports corporates,financial institutions and public administration, 
both nationally and internationally. Its main activities include capital markets and investment. 
The division is present in 25 countries where it facilitates the cross-border activities of its 
customers through a specialist network made up of branches, representative offices and 
subsidiary banks focused on corporate banking.  
c) 
The International Subsidiary Banks division: includes the following commercial banking 
subsidiaries: Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania in Albania, Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Privredna Banka Zagreb in Croatia, the Prague branch 
of VUB Banka in the Czech Republic, Bank of Alexandria in Egypt, Eximbank in Moldova, 
CIB Bank in Hungary, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania in Romania, Banca Intesa Beograd in 
Serbia, VUB Banka in Slovakia,Intesa Sanpaolo Bank in Slovenia and Pravex Bank in Ukraine. 
d) 
The Private Banking division: serves the customer segment consisting of Private clients and 
High Net Worth Individuals with the offering of products and services tailored for this segment. 
The division includes Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking with 5,785 private bankers.

--- Page 92 ---
e) 
The Asset Management division: asset management solutions targeted at the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's customers, commercial networks outside the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, and the 
institutional clientele. The division includes Eurizon with €263 billion of assets under 
management. 
f) 
The Insurance division: insurance and pension products tailored for the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's clients. The division includes Intesa Sanpaolo Vita, Intesa Sanpaolo Life, Fideuram 
Vita,Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura and Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute with direct deposits and 
technical reserves of €170 billion. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the last two years 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2019 – Highlights 
During the first nine months of 2019, the corporate simplification process envisaged by the business 
plan continued according to the established schedule. 
Specifically, the deed of merger by incorporation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group Services into Intesa 
Sanpaolo was signed on 11 January. The merger took effect with respect to third parties on 21 January 
2019, while the operations conducted by the incorporated company were posted to the financial 
statements of the absorbing company, including for tax purposes, effective from 1 January 2019. 
On 1 February 2019, the merger between Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking (Suisse) S.A. and Banque 
Morval S.A. was completed. After obtaining the authorisations from the competent supervisory 
authorities, the new bank was renamed Intesa Sanpaolo Private Bank (Suisse) Morval S.A.. It was 
created to contribute to the strategic initiative outlined in the 2018-2021 business plan of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Private Banking Division. The new company, which the London branch also reports to, is 
continuing the process of international expansion already begun by Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private 
Banking. The main branches (Geneva and Lugano) and the international network of private bankers 
will enable the expansion of the geographical footprint to high-potential countries, particularly in the 
Middle East and South America. 
On 5 February 2019, the deeds were also signed for the merger by incorporation of Cassa di Risparmio 
di Pistoia e della Lucchesia into Intesa Sanpaolo, with an increase in the absorbing company’s share 
capital of €64,511.72 through the issue of 124,061 ordinary shares without nominal value, and for the 
merger by incorporation of Cassa di Risparmio in Bologna and Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze. The legal 
effects of the transactions started from 25 February 2019, while the accounting and tax effects started 
from 1 January 2019. 
On 15 January 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo published a press release with the following wording: 
“With reference to recent news in the press regarding communication from the ECB to the banks 
supervised about their gradual reaching in the next few years of a coverage ratio of NPL stock in line 
with that set for inflows in the Addendum to the ECB Guidance on NPLs as of 1 April 2018, Intesa 
Sanpaolo does not envisage any significant impact in respect of targets and forecasts concerning its 
income statement and balance sheet for the 2018 financial year and the 2018-2021 Business Plan, 
already disclosed to the market.” 
On 8 February 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo received notification of the ECB’s final decision concerning the 
capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 March 2019, following 
the results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The overall capital requirement 
ISP has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.96% under the transitional arrangements 
for 2019 and 9.38% on a fully loaded basis.

--- Page 93 ---
The overall capital requirement ISP has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 8.96% under 
the transitional arrangements for 2019 and 9.38% on a fully loaded basis. 
In February 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo announced the invitation to the holders or beneficial owners of the 
following series of notes outstanding: (i) U.S.$1,000,000,000 5.25% Section 3(a)(2) Notes Due 2024, 
(ii) U.S.$1,250,000,000 3.875% Rule 144A Notes Due July 14, 2027, (iii) U.S.$1,000,000,000 3.875% 
Rule 144A Notes Due 2028, and (iv) U.S.$500,000,000 4.375% Rule 144A Notes Due 2048 or the 
global receipts representing beneficial interests in any Series of Notes issued through Citibank N.A. as 
the receipt issuer, to tender their notes for the cash purchase by the Issuer, as described in the Tender 
Offer Memorandum of 7 February 2019. The offers, not subject to any future issue on the capital 
markets, form part of the liability management transactions carried out by the Issuer. At the close of the 
transaction, the total nominal amount tendered and accepted was USD 2,100,761,000. 
On 30 April 2019, the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo – in addition to approving 
its financial statements, the allocation of the net income for the year and the distribution of the dividend 
to shareholders, the financial statements of the merged companies Intesa Sanpaolo Group Services and 
Cassa di Risparmio di Pistoia e della Lucchesia – appointed EY S.p.A. as the independent auditors for 
the financial years 2021-2029, determining their fee. The Shareholders’ Meeting also appointed the 
members of the Board of Directors and the Management Control Committee for financial years 2019-
2021 on the basis of slates of candidates submitted by the shareholders. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting then passed specific resolutions on the remuneration and own shares. 
Specifically, it: 
− 
approved the remuneration policies in respect of the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
− 
determined the remuneration of the Board of Directors; 
− 
approved the remuneration and incentive policies for 2019 and voted in favour of the procedures 
used to adopt and implement the remuneration and incentive policies, as described in the Report on 
Remuneration; 
− 
approved the increase in the variable-to-fixed remuneration cap for personnel operating exclusively 
in the Investment Management units belonging to Intesa Sanpaolo Group Asset Management 
entities, both in Italy and abroad; 
− 
authorised the purchase and disposal of own shares to service the 2018 annual incentive plan. 
Lastly, the Shareholders’ Meeting approved the proposal for the settlement of the liability action 
brought against Alberto Guareschi and Roberto Menchetti in their capacity as former Chairman and 
former General Manager of Banca Monte Parma, with proceeds of €4.35 million. 
On 2 May 2019, the Board of Directors unanimously appointed Carlo Messina as Managing Director 
and CEO, granting him the powers necessary and appropriate to ensure consistent management of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo. 
The first sell-back of high-risk loans deriving from the Venetian banks in compulsory administrative 
liquidation was launched on 11 May 2019, following notification of Intesa Sanpaolo on 11 March 2019 
from the Ministry of the Economy and Finance of the issue of the decree formalising the high-risk 
guarantee for a total of €4 billion. The high-risk positions reclassified as “bad loans” and/or “unlikely 
to pay loans” were sold back for €456 million, calculated per the contract on the basis of the gross 
carrying value of the reclassified high-risk loans, less (i) provisions at the date of execution and (ii) 
50% of the impairment losses which under IAS/IFRS the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group would have 
recognised had the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation not had the obligation to purchase.

--- Page 94 ---
Since the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group had already reclassified the loans in question as discontinued 
operations at a carrying amount consistent with the above consideration, no differences between the net 
value of the loans sold and their sell-back price emerged. As at 30 June 2019, discontinued operations 
included the residual high-risk loans classified in the interim as “bad loans” and/or “unlikely-to-pay 
loans” and to be sold back by the end of 2019. 
On 14 May 2019, the deed was signed for the merger by incorporation of Banca Apulia S.p.A. into 
Intesa Sanpaolo, with the issue of 247,398 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares bearing regular dividend 
rights, without nominal value, and an increase in share capital from 9,085,534,363.36 to 
9,085,663,010.32. The deed of merger by incorporation of Banca Prossima S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo 
was then signed on 24 May 2019. The legal effects of these two operations started on 27 May 2019 and 
were posted to the financial statements of the absorbing company from 1 January 2019 also for tax 
purposes. Lastly, the merger plan for the merger by incorporation of Mediocredito Italiano into the 
Issuer was filed on 14 June 2019. Such merger has been effective as at 11 November 2019. 
As at 30 June 2019, discontinued operations included the residual high-risk loans classified in the 
interim as “bad loans” and/or “unlikely-to-pay loans” and to be sold back by the end of 2019. 
As a result of the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities and certain legal relationships of the former 
Venetian banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and the resulting provisions of the European 
Competition Authority to the Italian government, in the agreements dated 13 July and 12 October 2017, 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group resolved to reduce staff by 4,000 resources (of which at least 1,000 
within the scope of the former Venetian banks) by 30 June 2019. 
As around 6,850 applications had been received, a number much higher than the 3,000 expected (in 
addition to the 1,000 applications regarding the former Venetian banks), also with a view to the business 
plan under preparation, the subsequent integration agreement of 21 December 2017 confirmed the 
acceptance of the “public offer” of the protocol dated 12 October 2017 for all staff that applied, 
extending the validity of the agreement for voluntary access to the Solidarity Fund to 30 June 2020. 
The postponement of the exits to 30 June 2020 and the reduction in the average time drawing on the 
Solidarity Fund made it possible to optimise the charges for voluntary exits to be borne by the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Banking Group. 
At the start of 2019, as a result of the effects of the legislative changes regarding pensions, the trade 
unions requested the assessment of the possibility of re-opening the terms for access to the Solidarity 
Fund and the retirement schemes set out in those agreements also to staff that, as a result of said 
legislative measures, could now fall within the scope of addressees of the protocol dated 12 October 
2017. 
In that context, without prejudice to the overall amounts allocated to the Solidarity Fund and the exits 
for retirement pursuant to the agreements of 13 July, 12 October and 21 December 2017, and 
considering the full completion of the process of integrating the businesses of the former Venetian banks 
which, as a result of the achievement of synergies improved the measurement of excess production 
capacity, the Group confirmed its willingness to permit the voluntary exits also of people who were 
previous excluded, as an alternative to the required professional reallocation envisaged in the business 
plan. 
In order to allow for incentives for the retirement of up to 1,000 people and for up to 600 people to 
participate in the Solidarity Fund, the agreement extended to 30 June 2021 the option to access the 
Solidarity Fund. 
In the second quarter, the Intesa Sanpaolo Banking Group carried out the voluntary realignment of some 
tax values. Specifically, Intesa Sanpaolo exercised the option set out in Law no. 145/2018 (Budget Act

--- Page 95 ---
2019) to realign tax values to their higher carrying amounts, with regard to owned real estate assets, for 
which values to realign were identified for €1,955.6 million. These mainly derive from the revaluations 
carried out starting with the 2017 financial statements, following the adoption of the criteria for 
revaluation of the value of owner-occupied properties (IAS 16) and of the fair value for investment 
property (IAS 40). These correspond to a substitute tax of €269.4 million. At consolidated level, the 
exercise of this option resulted in: i) the recognition of substitute tax of €269.4 million, of which €93.9 
million posted to the income statement for the period and €175.5 million to shareholders' equity; ii) the 
derecognition of net deferred tax liabilities of €622.6 million, of which €217.1 million through profit or 
loss and €405.5 million through shareholders' equity, with a positive impact on the income statement 
of the period of € 123.2 million and an additional €230 million in shareholders' equity. The Board of 
Directors identified the share premium reserve in the financial statements to be classified as the 
suspended tax reserves, in an amount equal to the difference between the higher values realigned and 
the substitute tax due (€1,686.2 million), which will be subject to approval by the ordinary shareholders’ 
meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo at the next possible meeting, presumably on approval of the 2019 Financial 
Statements. 
On 31 July 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo and Prelios reached a binding agreement to form a strategic 
partnership in respect of loans classified as unlikely to pay (UTP). 
The agreement reached with a leading player in the UTP segment, which adds to the strategic 
partnership with Intrum in respect of bad loans finalised in 2018, will enable the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
to focus - also thanks to the redeployment of skilled employees, in the region of a few hundred people 
- on the proactive credit management of early delinquency loan portfolio (specifically, the Pulse 
initiative) using the best external platforms for the management of subsequent stages, and to further 
accelerate the achievement of the NPL reduction target set out in the 2018-2021 Business Plan. 
The agreement consists of the two transactions outlined below.  
• 
A 10-year contract for the servicing of UTP Corporate and SME loans of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group to be provided by Prelios initially covering a portfolio worth around €6.7 billion of gross 
book value, with terms and conditions in line with market standards and a fee structure mostly 
composed of a variable component specifically aimed at maximising the return of positions to 
performing status;  
• 
the disposal and securitisation of a portfolio of UTP Corporate and SME loans of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group worth around €3 billion of gross book value, at a price of around €2 billion 
which is in line with the carrying value. Taking this disposal into consideration with reference to 
the figures as at the end of June 2019, the NPL to total loan ratio would be down from 8.4% to 
7.6% gross, from 4.1% to 3.6% net, and the NPL reduction achieved in the first 18 months of the 
2018-2021 Business Plan would be as much as around 80% of the target set for the entire four-
year period, at no extraordinary cost to shareholders. The capital structure of the securitisation 
vehicle will be the following, in order to obtain full accounting and regulatory derecognition of 
the portfolio at the closing date:  
− 
a Senior Tranche equivalent to 70% of the portfolio price, to be underwritten by Intesa 
Sanpaolo;  
− 
Junior and Mezzanine Tranches equivalent to the remaining 30% of the portfolio price, to 
be underwritten to the tune of 5% by Intesa Sanpaolo and the remaining 95% by Prelios 
and third-party investors. 
The finalisation of the transactions above is subject to authorisation being received from the competent 
authorities. The transactions are compliant with the Group’s income statement and balance sheet targets

--- Page 96 ---
and forecasts which have already been disclosed to the market for the 2019 financial year and the 2018-
2021 Business Plan. They do not affect the strategic partnership in place with Intrum. 
On 9 September 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo has received notification of the ECB’s permission to calculate 
the Group’s consolidated capital ratios applying the so-called Danish Compromise – under which 
insurance investments are risk weighted instead of being deducted from capital – as of the regulatory 
filings for 30 September 2019. 
On 18 September 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo communicated that it concluded the ordinary share buy-back 
programme launched on 17 September 2019 and announced to the market in a press release dated 16 
September 2019. The programme executes a plan that assigns, free of charge, ordinary shares of Intesa 
Sanpaolo to the Group’s employees; this covers the share-based incentive plan for 2018 reserved for 
Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in excess of the so-called “materiality threshold”, as well as for those 
who, among Managers or Professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue “relevant bonuses”. In addition, 
the programme has been implemented in order to grant, when certain conditions occur, severance 
payments to Risk Takers upon early termination of employment. The programme has been carried out 
in accordance with the terms approved at the Shareholders’ Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo on 30 April 
2019. Moreover, the Bank’s subsidiaries indicated in the aforementioned press release have concluded 
their purchase programmes of the Issuer’s shares to be assigned, free of charge, to their employees. The 
programmes were approved by their respective corporate bodies within their remits and are analogous 
to the programme approved at the Issuer’s Shareholders’ Meeting.  
In compliance with Article 113-ter of Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998, Article 5 of the 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and 
Article 2 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016, details concerning 
the purchases executed are provided below. Information is also given by Intesa Sanpaolo on behalf of 
the aforementioned subsidiaries. 
On the two days of execution of the programme (17 and 18 September 2019), the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
purchased a total of 17,137,954 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares through Banca IMI (now Corporate 
and Investment Banking Division post merger into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.) (which was responsible for 
the programme execution). These represent approximately 0.10% of the share capital of Intesa 
Sanpaolo. The average purchase price was 2.129 euro per share, for a total countervalue of 36,481,543 
euro. The Issuer purchased 12,393,958 shares at an average purchase price of 2.129 euro per share, for 
a countervalue of 26,388,935 euro. 
Purchase transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and 
following and 2359-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits of number of shares 
and consideration as determined in the resolutions passed by the competent corporate bodies. Pursuant 
to Article 132 of TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers’ Regulation and subsequent amendments, 
purchases were executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with 
trading methods laid down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases have been arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under 
Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
April 2014, and Articles 2, 3, and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 
March 2016. 
The total number of shares purchased and, therefore, the daily volume of purchases executed, did not 
exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2019, 
which was equal to 127.3 million shares.

--- Page 97 ---
On 26 November 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo has received notification of the ECB’s final decision 
concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 January 
2020, following the results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). 
The overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 9.18% 
under the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 9.38% on a fully loaded basis. 
This is the result of:  
− 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.5% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.5% made up entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio;  
− 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to:  
▫ 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% on a fully loaded basis from 2019,  
▫ 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.56% under the 
transitional arrangements for 2020 and 0.75% on a fully loaded basis in 2021,  
▫ 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.1%2 
Intesa Sanpaolo’s capital ratios as at 30 September 2019 on a consolidated basis - net of €2,648 million 
dividends accrued in the first nine months of 2019 - were as follows:  
• 
14% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio3 4 
• 
17.8% in terms of Total Capital ratio 6 7 
• 
calculated by applying the transitional arrangements for 2019, and 
• 
14.2% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis 6 5  
• 
18.2% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis 6 8 
On 3 December 2019, concerning the Prelios agreement, Intesa Sanpaolo published a press release with 
the following wording:  
"Having received the required authorisations from the relevant authorities, Intesa Sanpaolo and Prelios 
have finalised the agreement concerning the strategic partnership in respect of loans classified as 
                                                 
2  Calculated taking into account the exposures as at 30 September 2019 in the various countries where the Group has a 
presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating either to 2019-2020, 
where available, or to the latest update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 2019). 
 
3 After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 80% of net income for the first nine months of the year, and the coupons 
accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
 
4 Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 13.1% for the Common Equity 
Tier 1 ratio and 17.1% for the Total Capital ratio. 
 
5 Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2019, taking into account 
the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan adjustments, the first time adoption of 
IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285 million covering the integration and rationalisation charges 
relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, the expected absorption of 
DTAs on losses carried forward and the expected distribution of the 9M 2019 net income of insurance companies that exceeds 
the amount of reserves already distributed in the first quarter.

--- Page 98 ---
unlikely to pay (UTP), which was signed on 31 July 2019 and disclosed to the market on the same day. 
The agreement consists of a contract for servicing activities to be provided by Prelios aimed at 
maximising the return of positions to performing status and the disposal and securitisation of a portfolio, 
in respect of UTP Corporate and SME loans of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group.” 
On 19 December 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo and Nexi reached a strategic agreement which provides for: 
− 
the transfer to Nexi of the Intesa Sanpaolo business line consisting of the acquiring activities 
currently carried out for over 380,000 points of sale, with Intesa Sanpaolo retaining the sale force 
dedicated to acquiring new customers; and 
− 
a long-term partnership, with Nexi to become the sole partner of Intesa Sanpaolo in the acquiring 
activities and the latter to distribute the acquiring services provided by Nexi and maintain the 
relationship with its customers. 
The strategic agreement was finalised on 30 June 2020 after having obtained the necessary 
authorisations from the competent authorities. Pursuant to the agreement, the business line was 
transferred through contribution to a Nexi subsidiary for €1,000 million. Intesa Sanpaolo sold the shares 
received from the contribution to Nexi for a corresponding cash consideration and then used part of this 
consideration to purchase shares of Nexi from the latter’s reference shareholder, Mercury UK HoldCo 
Limited, for an amount of €653 million, equal to a 9.9% shareholding of Intesa Sanpaolo in the share 
capital of Nexi. 
The transaction enables Intesa Sanpaolo to extract proper value from the acquiring activities currently 
carried out internally, through the contribution of its business line – taking into account that operating 
efficiently in this sector, in a competitive scenario of international scope, requires greater investment 
and economies of scale – while retaining an interest in a business with significant growth prospects. In 
2018, the business activities contributed to Nexi generated operating income of around €74 million, 
operating margin of around €72 million and net income of around €48 million. 
The transaction generates a net capital gain in the region of €1.1 billion for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s 
consolidated income statement in the second quarter of 2020. This figure has been calculated including 
the effect attributable to the difference between the purchase price of the 9.9% of the Nexi share capital 
and the corresponding value resulting from the stock exchange price of the Nexi shares. This capital 
gain might not be reflected in the net income entirely if, over the course of 2020, allocations are 
identified that are appropriate to strengthen sustainable profitability. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2020 – Highlights 
Integration of the UBI Group. 
 
The acceptance period for the voluntary public purchase and exchange offer (below “Offer” or “Public 
Offer”) launched by Intesa Sanpaolo for a maximum of 1,144,285,146 ordinary shares of Unione di 
Banche Italiane S.p.A. (“UBI Banca”), representing all subscribed and paid-in share capital, ended on 
30 July 2020. The private placement of UBI Banca shares reserved for “qualified institutional buyers” 
launched by Intesa Sanpaolo in the United States also ended on that date (the “Private Placement”). 
 
Detailed information about the Offer is provided in the offer document, the information document and 
all the legally-required documentation made available, together with the individual announcements 
made regarding the progress of the Offer and its outcome. The Offer was amended on 17 July 2020 
following the increase in the consideration per share, through the establishment of a cash consideration 
of €0.57 for each UBI Banca share tendered in acceptance, and that the acceptance period was extended 
ex officio by CONSOB from 28 July 2020 to 30 July 2020, pursuant to Article 40, paragraph 4, of the 
Issuers’ Regulation, through Resolution No. 21460 of 27 July 2020.

--- Page 99 ---
Furthermore, to prevent possible antitrust concerns, on 17 February 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER 
Banca (below also “BPER”) entered into a binding agreement, conditional on the success of the Public 
Offer (“BPER Agreement”), which provides for the purchase by BPER of a going concern consisting 
of a pool of branches of the entity resulting from the combination of Intesa Sanpaolo with UBI Banca. 
The original agreement provided for the sale of around 400/500 branches of the combined entity and 
the related assets and liabilities for a consideration equal to a multiple of 0.55 times the CET 1 of UBI 
Banca allocated to the branches identified as being subject of the sale. Subsequently, to take appropriate 
account of the economic situation generated by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, and following 
discussions held between Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER, the pricing mechanism described above was 
modified by establishing a consideration for the above-mentioned going concern equal to 0.38 times 
the value of the fully-loaded CET 1 at the reference date allocated to the risk-weighted assets of the 
branches to be sold. In order to remove the specific antitrust concerns raised by the Italian Antitrust 
Authority (“AGCM”), on 15 June 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo negotiated and signed an agreement 
supplementing the BPER Agreement under which the number of branches to be transferred was 
increased (from 400/500 to 532, of which 501 of UBI Banca and 31 of Intesa Sanpaolo) with the precise 
identification of the details and consequent redefinition of the estimated values. By decision adopted at 
the meeting of 14 July 2020 and notified to Intesa Sanpaolo on 16 July 2020, AGCM approved the 
transaction for the acquisition of control of UBI Banca subject to the execution of structural sales in 
accordance with the BPER Agreement and the commitments made by Intesa Sanpaolo. Through a 
specific press release on 30 September 2020, it was announced that the parties had identified as the 
period currently envisaged for the closing of the sale to BPER the second half of February 2021 with 
regard to the UBI Banca branches and the second quarter of 2021 with regard to the Intesa Sanpaolo 
branches.  
 
Based on the final results – announced to the market on 3 August 2020 – a total of 1,031,958,027 UBI 
Banca shares were tendered in acceptance of the Offer during the acceptance period (including those 
tendered in acceptance through the Private Placement), equal to approximately 90.184% of the share 
capital of UBI Banca. As a result of the settlement of the Offer (and of the Private Placement) and on 
the basis of the results of the Offer (and of the Private Placement), the offeror came to hold a total of 
1,041,458,904 UBI Banca shares, representing approximately 91.0139% of the share capital of UBI 
Banca, given that (i) the offeror Intesa Sanpaolo held, directly and indirectly (including through 
fiduciary companies or nominees) a total of 249,077 ordinary shares of the Issuer, equal to 0.0218% 
and (ii) UBI Banca held 9,251,800 own shares equal to 0.8085% of the share capital of the Issuer. 
 
Lastly, acceptances “with reserves” were also received in respect of a total number of 334,454 UBI 
Banca shares from 103 acceptors. These acceptances have not been counted for determining the percent 
acceptance of the Offer. Based on the final results indicated above, the Percentage Threshold Condition 
(i.e. the condition that the offeror comes to hold an overall interest at least equal to 66.67% of the 
Issuer’s share capital) was fulfilled and all the other conditions precedent of the Offer were fulfilled or, 
as the case may be, waived by Intesa Sanpaolo. As a result, the Offer was effective and was able to be 
completed. 
 
On 5 August 2020, in exchange for the transfer of the ownership of the UBI Banca shares, Intesa 
Sanpaolo issued and assigned the acceptors of the Offer a total of 1,754,328,645 new Intesa Sanpaolo 
shares, representing 9.107% of the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo, based on the ratio of 1.7000 Intesa 
Sanpaolo shares to 1 UBI Banca share. In addition, on 19 August 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo paid the entitled 
parties the cash consideration (i.e. €0.57 for each UBI Banca share tendered in acceptance) which 
amounted to a total of €588,216,075.39. 
 
The interest held directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo in the share capital of UBI Banca at the end 
of the acceptance period was more than 90%, but less than 95%, which meant that the conditions were 
met for the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on 
Finance, with Intesa Sanpaolo having already declared in the offer document that it would not 
implement measures to restore the minimum free float conditions for normal trading of the UBI Banca

--- Page 100 ---
ordinary shares. Therefore, pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, 
Intesa Sanpaolo was required to purchase the remaining ordinary shares from the shareholders of UBI 
Banca who requested it, for a total amount of 112,327,119 UBI Banca shares and representing 9.8163% 
of the share capital. The consideration per remaining share, identified in accordance with the provisions 
of Article 108, paragraphs 3 and 5, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, was determined as follows: 
‒ 
a consideration equal to that offered to the acceptors of the Public Purchase and Exchange Offer, 
namely 1.7000 newly issued Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares and €0.57 for each UBI Banca share 
tendered in acceptance; or, alternatively, 
 
‒ 
only to the shareholders so requesting, a cash consideration in full whose amount for each UBI 
Banca share, calculated in accordance with Article 50-ter, paragraph 1, letter a) of the Issuers’ 
Regulations, was equal to the sum of (x) the weighted average of the official prices of the ISP shares 
recorded on the Mercato Telematico Azionario (electronic stock exchange) during the five trading 
days prior to the payment date (i.e. on 29, 30 and 31 July, and 3 and 4 August 2020) multiplied by 
the exchange ratio (€2.969) and (y) €0.57, for a total consideration of €3.539 per remaining share. 
 
The compulsory squeeze-out procedure, pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law 
on Finance, which was carried out between 24 August and 11 September 2020, resulted in sale requests 
for a total of 90,691,202 remaining shares, representing 7.9256% of the share capital of UBI Banca and 
80.7385% of the remaining shares. With reference to the 90,691,202 remaining shares: 
 
‒ 
for 87,853,597 remaining shares, the owners have requested the consideration established for the 
Public Offer; and 
 
‒ 
for the other 2,837,605 remaining shares, the owners have requested the cash consideration in full, 
i.e. 3.539 per remaining share. 
 
Taking into account (a) the 1,031,958,027 shares tendered in acceptance of the Offer, (b) the 90,691,202 
remaining shares purchased through the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the 
Consolidated Law on Finance, (c) the 131,645 ordinary shares of the Issuer held directly or indirectly 
by Intesa Sanpaolo and (d) the 8,903,302 own shares held by UBI Banca, Intesa Sanpaolo, following 
the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance, came to hold 
a total of 1,131,684,176 UBI Banca shares, equal to 98.8988% of the share capital of UBI Banca. Intesa 
Sanpaolo made the payment of the consideration for the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 
108 paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance on 17 September 2020 through: 
 
‒ 
the issuance of 149,351,114 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.77% of the bank’s share 
capital, and the payment of a consideration of €50,076,550.29 to the accepting shareholders who 
chose the consideration established for the Offer; 
 
‒ 
the payment of €10,042,284.10 for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash 
consideration in full. 
 
Subsequent to the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, 
Intesa Sanpaolo, having come to hold more than 95% of the share capital of UBI Banca, exercised its 
right of squeeze-out pursuant to Article 111 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and, at the same time, 
carried out the compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 1 of the Consolidated Law 
on Finance for the shareholders of UBI Banca that requested it, through a specific joint procedure that, 
as agreed with CONSOB and Borsa Italiana (the “Joint Procedure”), was carried out in the period 
18 - 29 September 2020. The Joint Procedure targeted a maximum of 21,635,917 UBI Banca residual 
shares. The consideration established in the Joint Procedure was the same as that paid for the shares 
purchased in the procedure pursuant to Article 108, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance. 
During the Joint Procedure, sale requests were submitted for a total of 3,013,070 remaining shares, i.e. 
13.9262% of the shares subject to the procedure.  
More specifically:

--- Page 101 ---
‒ 
for 408,474 shares, the owners requested the consideration established for the Public Offer; and 
 
‒ 
for the other 2,604,596 shares, the owners requested the cash consideration in full, i.e. 3.539 per 
remaining share.  
 
No sale requests were submitted by the owners of the 18,622,847 remaining shares. Such residual shares 
also include 8,877,911 own shares (representing 0.7758% of the Issuer’s share capital) held by UBI 
Banca and 120,985 UBI Banca ordinary shares held on own account by Intesa Sanpaolo before 17 
February 2020, the announcement date of the Offer. The UBI Banca own shares and UBI Banca 
ordinary shares held on own account by Intesa Sanpaolo were not transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo under 
the Joint Procedure. Intesa Sanpaolo made the payment of the consideration for the Joint Procedure on 
5 October 2020 through: 
 
‒ 
the issuance of 17,055,121 new Intesa Sanpaolo shares, representing 0.09% of the bank’s share 
capital and the payment of a consideration of €5,718,482.25 to the accepting shareholders who 
chose the consideration established for the Offer and to the shareholders that did not submit any 
sale requests; 
 
‒ 
the payment of €9,217,655.24 for the accepting shareholders that requested the cash consideration 
in full. 
 
Following the conclusion of the Joint Procedure, Intesa Sanpaolo came to hold 100% of the share capital 
of UBI Banca. 
 
Lastly, with resolution no. 8693 of 17 September 2020, Borsa Italiana ordered the delisting of UBI 
Banca shares from trading on the Mercato Telematico Azionario (electronic stock exchange) as of 
5 October 2020 (settlement date of the Joint Procedure), subject to suspension of the share during the 
sessions of 1 and 2 October 2020. 
Merger of Banca IMI 
Intesa Sanpaolo announced on 2 April 2020 that following authorisation given by the European Central 
Bank, the plan for the merger by incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed with 
the Companies Register of Turin. The merger, which was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa 
Sanpaolo on 5 May 2020 and by the shareholders’ meeting of Banca IMI, was completed on 20 July 
2020. 
2020 Annual General Meeting 
On 27 April 2020, the annual general meeting of the shareholders of Intesa Sanpaolo approved, inter 
alia, the parent company’s 2019 financial statements and, further to the Board of Directors’ decision to 
suspend the proposal regarding dividend distribution to shareholders, allocation to reserves of the net 
income for the 2019 financial year. The shareholders’ meeting also resolved to grant powers to the 
Board of Directors to implement a share capital increase by 31 December 2020 by a maximum total 
amount of €1,011,548,072.60 to serve the UBI Banca voluntary public exchange offer. 
Agreement with Trade Unions in respect of at least 5,000 voluntary exits and up to 2,500 new hires by 
2023 
On 30 September 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with the 
national Secretariats and Group Trade Delegations FABI, FIRST CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and 
UNISIN, which aims at enabling generational change at no social cost, while continuing to ensure an 
alternative to the possible paths for staff reskilling and redeployment as well as the enhancement of the

--- Page 102 ---
skills of people of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group resulting from the acquisition of UBI Banca finalised on 
5 August 2020.  
The agreement identifies ways and criteria to reach the target of at least 5,000 exits on a voluntary basis 
by 2023, with Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s people either to retire or access the solidarity fund.  
Furthermore, by 2023, indefinite-term employment contracts will be signed according to the proportion 
of one hire for each two voluntary exits, up to 2,500 hires, against a minimum of 5,000 envisaged 
voluntary exits, a calculation which does not include the exits of people who will be moved due to the 
transfers of business lines. The new hires will support the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s growth and its new 
activities, with a focus on the branch Network and on the disadvantaged areas of the country, including 
through the “stabilisation” of people currently on fixed-term contracts. The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
envisages that at least half of the hires will concern the provinces in which UBI Banca has its historical 
roots (Bergamo, Brescia, Cuneo and Pavia) and the South of Italy. The agreement has been signed well 
ahead of the deadline originally planned for year-end, thus highlighting the effective progress of the 
integration process.  
Specifically, the agreement provides that:  
− 
the offer relating to the voluntary exits is addressed to all the people of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s 
Italian companies which apply the CCNL Credito (bank employees National Collective Labour 
Contract), including the mangers;  
− 
people who meet the retirement requirements by 31 December 2026, including by applying the so-
called calculation rules “Quota 100” and “Opzione donna”, may subscribe to the offer in accordance 
with the ways communicated by the Group;  
− 
people who subscribed to the Intesa Sanpaolo 29 May 2019 Agreement or the UBI 14 January 2020 
Agreement but were not included in the lists can submit requests for voluntary exit under defined 
terms;  
− 
in the event that applications for retirement or access to the Solidarity Fund are in excess of the 
number of 5,000, a single list will be drawn up at Group level based on the date when the retirement 
requirement is met. The list will give priority to those people who have previously subscribed to 
the former Intesa Sanpaolo Group 29 May 2019 agreement or to the former UBI Group 14 January 
2020 agreement and have not been included among the envisaged exits, as well as to people entitled 
to provisions under art. 3, paragraph 3 of Law 104/1992 for themselves, and to disabled people with 
a disability of at least 67%.  
• 
The overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 
8.44% under the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 8.63% on a fully loaded basis. 
• 
This is the result of: 
• 
-  
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.5% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 
capital requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 
2 capital requirement of 1.5%, of which 0.844% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying the 
regulatory amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
• 
-  
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
• 
▫  a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% on a fully loaded basis from 2019,

--- Page 103 ---
• 
▫  an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.56% under the 
transitional arrangements for 2020 and 0.75% on a fully loaded basis in 2021, 
• 
▫  a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.032% under the transitional arrangements for 2020 and 
0.037% on a fully loaded basis in 2021 (1). 
• 
 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo’s capital ratios as at 30 September 2020 on a consolidated basis - net of around 
€2.3 billion dividends accrued in the first nine months of 2020 - were as follows: 
• 
• 14.7% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (2) (3) 
• 
• 19.6% in terms of Total Capital ratio (2) (3) 
• 
calculated by applying the transitional arrangements for 2020, and 
• 
• 15.2% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis (2) 
(4) 
• 
• 20.6% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis (2) (4). 
_________ 
(1) Calculated taking into account the exposures as at 30 September 2020 in the various countries where the Group 
has a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating either 
to 2020-2021, where available, or to the latest update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent 
in Italy for 2020). 
(2) After the deduction of accrued dividends, equal to 75% of net income for the first nine months of the year 
excluding the negative goodwill, and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues. 
(3) Excluding the mitigation of the impact of the first time adoption of IFRS 9, capital ratios are 14% for the 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and 19.2% for the Total Capital ratio. 
(4) Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2020, taking 
into account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan adjustments, 
the first time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285 million covering the 
integration and rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza and Veneto Banca, the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and on the sale of the 
going concern to BPER Banca in relation to the acquisition of UBI Banca, and the expected distribution of the 
9M 2020 net income of insurance companies. 
 
Disposal and state-guarantee securitization of a bad loan portfolio of the parent company 
 
On 18 December 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo finalised a securitisation of a bad-loan portfolio of the Bank, 
which was previously sold to a vehicle under Law 130/99, worth around €4.3 billion gross and 
around €1.2 billion net. This securitisation complies with the regulatory requirements for bearing 
a guarantee of the Republic of Italy (GACS). 
The securitisation vehicle has as at the date of this Base Prospectus issued senior notes equivalent 
to 81% of the portfolio price and subordinated notes for the remaining 19%. The senior notes have 
been fully underwritten, and will be retained, by Intesa Sanpaolo. These notes, which have received 
an investment grade rating from DBRS Morningstar (BBB), Moody’s (Baa2) and Scope Ratings 
(BBB), are expected to bear a GACS by the first quarter of 2021. 
 
The subordinated notes, underwritten by Intesa Sanpaolo as well, will be sold to the tune of 95% 
to third party investors with Intesa Sanpaolo retaining the remaining 5% in compliance with current 
regulatory requirements in order to obtain full accounting and regulatory derecognition of the 
portfolio at the date of 
finalisation of the notes sale, which is expected to take place by the end of 2020.

--- Page 104 ---
The transaction, which envisages a disposal price of the portfolio - also taking the disposal price of 
the notes into account - in line with the carrying value, enables Intesa Sanpaolo, one year early, to 
exceed its 2018- 2021 Business Plan target of halving, at no extraordinary cost to shareholders, 
gross NPLs to €26.4 billion and the gross NPL ratio to 6% in the four years. Considering the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group’s figures as at the end of September 2020 excluding UBI Banca, the finalisation 
of the notes sale results in gross NPLs at €24.6 billion and gross NPL ratio at 5.9%. 
Sovereign risk exposure 
As at 30 September 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo Group's exposure in securities to Italian sovereign debt - 
including the insurance business - amounted to a total of €93,353 million, in addition to receivables for 
€9,795million. The security exposures increased compared to €85,826million as at the 31 December 
2019. 
Management 
Board of Directors  
The composition of Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors as at the date hereof is as set out below.

--- Page 105 ---
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Position 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to the 
Issuer's activities 
Gian Maria Gros-Pietro 
Chairman 
None 
Paolo Andrea Colombo (#) 
(##) 
Deputy 
Chairperson 
Director of Colombo & Associati S.r.l.  
Carlo Messina (*) 
Managing 
Director 
and 
CEO 
None 
Bruno Picca(#)  
Director 
Deputy Chairman of Unione Banche Italiane S.p.A. 
Rossella Locatelli (##) 
Director 
Director of Società per la Bonifica dei Terreni Ferraresi 
e per Imprese Agricole S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Darma SGR, a 
company in administrative compulsory liquidation 
Chairwoman of B.F. S.p.A. 
Director of CAI – Consorzio Agrari d’Italia S.p.A. 
Livia Pomodoro (##) 
Director 
Director of Febo S.p.A. 
Franco Ceruti 
Director 
Chairman of Intesa Sanpaolo Expo Institutional Contact 
S.r.l. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
Chairman of Società Benefit Cimarosa 1 S.p.A. 
Daniele Zamboni (#) (##)(1) Director 
None 
Maria Mazzarella (##)(1) 
Director 
None 
Milena Teresa Motta (#) 
(##) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Strategie & Innovazione S.r.l. 
Alberto Maria Pisani (1) (#) 
(##) 
Chairman of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None

--- Page 106 ---
Maria-Cristina Zoppo (#) 
(##) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Newlat Food S.p.A. Chairwoman of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors Schoeller Allibert S.p.A, 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Coopers & Standard 
Automotive Italy S.p.A.  
Luciano Nebbia 
Director 
Deputy Chairman of Equiter S.p.A. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Casa S.p.A. 
Maria 
Alessandra 
Stefanelli (##) 
Director 
None 
Guglielmo Weber (##) 
Director 
None 
Anna Gatti (1) (##) 
Director 
Director of Fiera Milano S.p.A. 
Director of WiZink Bank S.A. 
Director of Lastminute Group 
Fabrizio Mosca (#) (##) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Deputy Chairman of Mecplast S.r.l.,  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Aste 
Bolaffi S.p.A.,  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
Metalli Preziosi S.p.A.,  
Standing Statutory Auditor of M. Marsiaj & C. S.r.l., 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Moncanino S.p.A. 
Roberto Franchini(#) (##) (3) 
(4) 
Director 
None 
Andrea Sironi (2) (##) 
Director 
Chairman of the Board of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of London Stock Exchange 
Group Holding Italia S.p.A. 
(*) 
Carlo Messina was appointed Managing Director and CEO by the Board of Directors on 2 
May 2019. He is the only executive director on the Board. 
(#) 
Is enrolled on the Register of Statutory Auditors and has practiced as an auditor or been a 
member of the supervisory body of a limited company 
(##) 
Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Article 13.4.3 of the Articles of Association, 
the Corporate Governance Code and Article 148, third paragraph, of Legislative Decree 24 
February 1998 no. 58. (1) is a representative of the Minority List

--- Page 107 ---
(2) 
was appointed as a director at the shareholders’ meeting of 27 April 2020, following co-option 
by the Board of Directors on 2 December 2019 
(3) 
was appointed as a director at the shareholders’ meeting of 27 April 2020, replacing Corrado 
Gatti who had ceased to hold office 
(4) 
Minorities representative 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the Issuers’ registered office in 
Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy). 
Conflicts of Interest  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus no member of the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo is subject 
to potential conflicts of interest between their obligations arising out of their office or employment with 
the Issuer or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and any personal or other interests.  
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee 
compliance with the relevant regulation on board member conflict of interest. 
Principal Shareholders 
As of 9 December 2020, the shareholder structure of Intesa Sanpaolo was composed as 
follows (holders of shares exceeding 1% (*)). Figures are updated based on the results from the 
register of shareholders and the latest communications received: 
SHAREHOLDER 
ORDINARY SHARES 
% OF ORDINARY 
SHARES 
Compagnia di San Paolo 
1,188,947,304 
6.119% 
BlackRock Inc. (1) 
972,416,733 
5.005% 
Fondazione Cariplo(2) 
 
767,029,267 
3,948% 
Norges Bank(3)(2) 
 
408,812,789 
2.104% 
Fondazione Cariparo(2) 
 
347,111,188 
1,786% 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
(2)(4) 
 
334,747,844 
1.723% 
Fondazione CR Firenze(2) 
 
327,138,747 
1.684% 
Fondazione Carisbo 
 
243,955,012 
1.256%

--- Page 108 ---
(*) Shareholders that are fund management companies may be exempted from disclosure up to the 5% threshold. 
(1) BlackRock Inc. holds, as a fund management company, an aggregate investment equal to 5.066%, as per form 120 B dated 4 December 
2020 
(2) The percentage held has been recalculated due to the changes in Intesa Sanpaolo’s share capital of 5 August 2020, 17 September 2020 and 
5 October 2020 as a result of the share capital increase to serve the Public Purchase and Exchange Offer for UBI Banca shares, the ensuing 
Procedure for the Compulsory Squeeze-Out pursuant to art. 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance (“TUF”) and the 
subsequent Joint Procedure for the Right of squeeze-out pursuant to art. 111 of the TUF and Compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to art. 108, 
paragraph 1, of the TUF. 
(3) Also on behalf of the Government of Norway. 
(4) The shareholder holds an aggregate investment equal to 6.580% as per form 120 B dated 24 June 2020 which has been recalculated in 
6.010% due to the changes in Intesa Sanpaolo’s share capital of 5 August 2020, 17 September 2020 and 5 October 2020 as a result of the 
share capital increase to serve the Public Purchase and Exchange Offer for UBI Banca shares, the ensuing Procedure for the Compulsory 
Squeeze-Out pursuant to art. 108, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance (“TUF”) and the subsequent Joint Procedure for the 
Right of squeeze-out pursuant to art. 111 of the TUF and Compulsory squeeze-out pursuant to art. 108, paragraph 1, of the TUF. JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. made the original disclosure on 16 July 2018 (through form 120 B) in view of the positions held in relation to the issue of 
LECOIP 2.0 Certificates, having as underlying instruments Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s employees 
received under the 2018-2021 LECOIP 2.0 Long-term Incentive Plan based on financial instruments. 
Note: figures may not add up exactly due to rounding differences. 
Legal Proceedings 
Disputes relating to anatocism and other current account and credit facility conditions, as well as 
usury 
In 2019, the disputes of this type – which for many years have been a significant part of the civil disputes 
brought against the Italian banking industry – decreased both in number and in total value of claims 
made compared to the previous year. Overall, the remedy sought with likely risk, including mediations, 
amounted to around €475 million with provisions of €134 million. As is the case for the other civil 
disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking 
into account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and case-law 
decisions, for each dispute. 
You are reminded that in 2014 and 2016, Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Banking, which 
governs the compounding of interest in banking transactions, was amended with the establishment of 
the ban on anatocism and the delegation of the CICR (Interdepartmental Committee for Credit and 
Savings) to regulate this matter. In February 2017, the Italian Antitrust Authority initiated proceedings 
against Intesa Sanpaolo for alleged unfair business practices involving, among other things, the methods 
used to request the above-mentioned authorisation from customers for the charging of the interest to the 
account imposed by the new regulations introduced in 2016. The Authority completed the proceedings 
in October 2017, ruling that Intesa Sanpaolo had implemented an “aggressive” policy aimed at 
acquiring the authorisation, by soliciting customers to provide it through various means of 
communications and without putting them in a position to consider the consequences of that choice in 
terms of the interest calculation on the compounded debt interest. As a result, the Authority issued a 
fine of €2 million against Intesa Sanpaolo. Intesa Sanpaolo has submitted an appeal with the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court, on the grounds that the ruling was unfounded. The proceedings are still 
pending. 
Disputes relating to investment services  
Disputes relating to investment services – Also in this area, the disputes decreased in terms of number 
compared to the previous year. The most significant sub-group was disputes concerning derivatives, 
which remained substantially stable in number and value, but were nevertheless not significant in 
amount overall. The total remedy sought for the disputes with likely risk for this type of litigation 
amounted to around €150 million with provisions of €51 million. As is the case for the other civil

--- Page 109 ---
disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking 
into account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and the case-law 
guidance, for each dispute 
Disputes relating to loans in CHF against the Croatian subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb Dd 
As already noted in the financial statements for the years 2013-2015, Privredna Banka Zagreb (“PBZ”) 
and seven other Croatian banks were jointly sued by the plaintiff Potrošač (Croatian Union of the 
Consumer Protection Association) , which claimed - in relation to loans denominated or indexed in 
Swiss francs granted in the past – that the defendants engaged in an unfair practice by allegedly using 
unfair contractual provisions on variable interest rate changed unilaterally by the banks and by linking 
payments in local currency to Swiss franc, without (allegedly) appropriately informing the consumers 
of all the risks prior to entering into a loan agreement. 
In September 2019, the Croatian Supreme Court rendered a ruling in the collective action proceedings, 
rejecting the appeals filed by the sued banks against the High Commercial Court ruling from 2018 and 
confirming the position of courts of lower instance that banks had breached collective interests and 
rights of consumers by incorporating unfair and null and void provisions on CHF currency clause. 
Being of the opinion that the claim does not have meritorious grounds, PBZ filed a constitutional 
complaint against the decision reached by the Supreme Court of the Republic of Croatia. In connection 
with the mentioned proceedings for the protection of the collective interests of consumers, numerous 
individual proceedings have been brought by clients against PBZ, despite the fact that most of them 
voluntarily accepted the offer to convert their CHF loans into EUR denominated loans retroactively, in 
accordance with the Act on the Amendments to the Consumer Credit Act (Croatian Official Gazette 
102/2015). 
In 2019, the number of such individual lawsuits filed against PBZ increased to a low single digit 
thousands. It cannot be excluded the possibility that additional lawsuits might be filed against PBZ in 
the future in connection with CHF loans. The amount of provisions recognized as at 31 December 2019 
is reasonably adequate – according to available information to meet the obligations arising from the 
claims filed against the subsidiary so far.  
In March 2020, the Croatian Supreme Court, within a model case proceedings (a Supreme Court 
proceedings with obligatory effect on lower instance courts with the aim of unifying/harmonising case 
law), ruled that the conversion agreements concluded between banks and borrowers under the Croatian 
Conversion Law of 2015 produce legal effects and are valid even in the case when the provisions of the 
underlying loan agreements on variable interest rate and currency clause are null and void. Such 
decision is binding on all Croatian courts and will positively impact the individual proceedings related 
to converted loans in Swiss francs (or indexed to that currency), which should be settled, then, in favour 
of the Croatian subsidiary. 
ENPAM lawsuit  
In June 2015 Fondazione ENPAM – Ente Nazionale di Previdenza ed Assistenza dei Medici e degli 
Odontoiatri (ENPAM) sued Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze (subsequently merged into Intesa Sanpaolo), 
along with other defendants including JP Morgan Chase & Co and BNP Paribas, before the Court of 
Milan. ENPAM’s claims related to the trading (in 2005) of several complex financial products, and the 
subsequent “swap” (in 2006) of those products with other similar products; the latter were credit linked 
notes, i.e. securities whose repayment of principal at maturity was tied to the credit risk associated with 
a tranche of a synthetic CDO. Due to the defaults on the CDO portfolio, the investment allegedly 
resulted in significant losses.

--- Page 110 ---
In the writ of summons, ENPAM submitted several petitions for enquiries and rulings, in particular for 
contractual and tort liability and breach of Articles 23, 24 and 30 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, 
asking for the repayment of an amount of around €222 million and compensation for damages on an 
equitable basis; the part relating to Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze’s position should be around €103 
million (plus interest and purported additional damages). Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze was sued as the 
transferee of the Italian branch of Cortal Consors S.A. (subsequently merged into BNP Paribas), which 
had provided ENPAM with the investment services within which the above-mentioned securities had 
been subscribed. 
Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze raised various objections at the preliminary stage (including a lack of 
standing to be sued and the time bar). On the merits, it argued, among other positions, that the provisions 
of the Consolidated Law on Finance cited were not applicable and that there was no evidence of the 
damages. If an unfavourable judgement is rendered, Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze has requested that 
the court determine its internal share of the total liability of the defendants and that the other defendants 
be ordered to hold it harmless. 
In February 2018, the judge ordered a court-appointed expert’s review aimed at determining, among 
other matters: 
− 
whether the securities were fit for the purpose indicated in the entity's Charter and Investment 
Guidelines; 
− 
the difference, if any, between the performance achieved by ENPAM and the performance that 
would have resulted if other investments consistent with the entity's Charter and Investment 
Guidelines had been undertaken (also considering the need for diversification of the risk). 
In December 2019, the court-appointed expert submitted the draft report, which compared the return 
generated by the securities purchased with that of a hypothetical “counterfactual scenario” of the 
purchase of securities in line with those indicated in the entity’s Charter and the Guidelines and found 
that the damage in terms of principal for the security that Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze was involved 
in trading was allegedly €14.1 million, which, together with interest, amounted to around €15 million 
or  €18.7 million (depending on the calculation method used). 
Following the filing of the court-appointed expert's report, at the hearing of 4 June 2020 the judge 
presented a settlement proposal to the parties. After negotiations between the parties, the Chairman of 
ENPAM's Board of Directors informed JP Morgan Chase, BNP Paribas and Intesa Sanpaolo that he 
was willing to settle the dispute for an amount slightly lower than that proposed by the judge. This 
solution was accepted by the three banks; Intesa Sanpaolo's share was limited to  the amount that had 
been provisioned the previous year precisely in view of a possible settlement. 
As a consequence, the judge adjourned the case until 21 October 2020 to allow the settlement agreement 
to be finalised. 
Florida 2000  
In 2018, Florida 2000 s.r.l. (together with two directors of the company) challenged the legitimacy of 
the contractual terms and conditions applied to the accounts held with the Bank, requesting that the 
latter be ordered to pay back  €22.6 million in interest and fees that were not due, plus compensation 
for damages quantified as an additional amount of  €22.6 million. 
Based on the results of the court-appointed expert review and case-law, it appears likely that the claim 
for repayment of the sums involved will be upheld, but only for a very small amount, whereas the claim 
for damages is unlikely to be upheld.

--- Page 111 ---
The case is now pending a decision by the court. 
Alitalia Group: Claw-back actions 
In August 2011, companies of the Alitalia Group – namely Alitalia Linee Aeree, Alitalia Servizi, 
Alitalia Airport and Alitalia Express – brought five bankruptcy claw-back proceedings against the Bank 
before the Court of Rome, requesting the repayment of a total of  €44.6 million. 
When the proceedings were initiated, a line of defence was adopted based mainly on the grounds that 
the actions were invalid due to the vagueness of the claims, that the condition of knowledge of the 
Alitalia Group’s state of insolvency (subject first of the Air France plan and then of the subsequent 
rescue conducted by the Italian Government) did not apply, and that the credited items were not eligible 
for claw back, due to the specific nature of the account movements. 
In March 2016, the Court of Rome upheld Alitalia Servizi’s petition and ordered the Bank to repay 
around €17 million, plus accessory costs. In addition to being contestable on the merits, the ruling was 
issued before the deadline for filing of the final arguments. 
Accordingly, in the appeal subsequently lodged, a preliminary objection was made regarding the 
invalidity of the judgment, together with an application for suspension of its provisional enforceability, 
which was upheld by order of 15 July 2016 of the Court of Appeal. The final arguments have been filed 
in the case and the judgment is pending. In contrast, the Bank won the Alitalia Linee Aeree and Alitalia 
Express cases at first instance and the appeal proceedings are underway, whereas for Alitalia Airport, 
which was also won at first instance, the favourable judgment has become final. 
The lawsuit against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze also ended favourably on first instance 
and is now pending an appeal. 
Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. (Extraordinary Administration): Claw-back actions  
In July 2013, Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. filed two bankruptcy claw-back actions before the Court 
of Rome against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Venezia for  €2.7 million and against the former 
Banco di Napoli for  €33.8 million. 
In both cases, the plaintiff claimed that there was knowledge of the state of insolvency for the entire 
half year prior to admission to extraordinary administration on the basis of media reports, the non-
renewal of shipping concessions, the absence of state subsidies (because they were considered state 
aid), and the information from the central credit register. 
The claim was quantified on the same basis as the so-called “return of profits” earned on Tirrenia’s 
accounts, corresponding to the difference between the maximum debt exposure and the final balance of 
the accounts generated in the half year prior to the declaration of insolvency. The case against the former 
CR Venezia was concluded at first instance in 2016 with an order for payment of  €2.8 million and is 
pending an appeal brought by the Bank. In the case against the former Banco di Napoli, the most 
significant dispute concerns a currency adjustment of  €28 million, whose recognition has a substantial 
impact on the total amounts that can be clawed back, and a court-appointed expert review is now 
underway. The hearing for the submission of the final arguments has been set for 16 April 2020. 
Discussions were initiated during the period aimed at settling both disputes. The parties have been 
requested to deposit their final conclusions and the court’s final decision on the matters remain 
outstanding. 
Dargent lawsuit (Raulet Tirmant Dispute, formerly Dargent Morange Tirmant)

--- Page 112 ---
The claim was filed before a French Court in 2001 by the trustee in bankruptcy for the bankruptcy of 
the real estate entrepreneur Philippe Vincent, which made a request to the Bank for compensation of € 
55.6 million for the alleged “improper financial support” provided to the entrepreneur.  
 
The claim of the trustee in bankruptcy has consistently been rejected by the courts of different instance 
which dealt with the case over 17 years, until the Court of Colmar, on 23 May 2018, ordered the Bank 
to pay compensation of around €23 million (equal to the insolvency liabilities, minus the bank’s credit 
claim and the proceeds from the sale of several assets). An appeal against the Court of Colmar ruling 
has been lodged with the French Court of Cassation. The amount of the payment ordered has been 
temporarily deposited with the appropriate “Caisse des Reglements Pecuniaires des Avocats”. 
 
A hearing before the Court of Cassation was held in November 2019, no significant elements arose. On 
22 January 2020, the French Supreme Court of Cassation quashed the decision of the Court of Appeal 
of Colmar and referred the matter to the Court of Appeal of Metz, because, in particular: 
 
- 
 it failed to demonstrate and, in any case, justify the reasons why it considered the entire asset 
shortfall to be reparable damage rather than only the part attributable to the Bank’s alleged fault 
and used an incorrect criterion for determining any damage that might be compensable (if need 
be); 
 
- 
even if the Bank were required to pay damages, that circumstance would not prevent it from 
being allowed to participate in the insolvency distribution for the recovery of its preferential 
claim. 
 
As a result of this, in the first quarter of 2020 the Bank requested and obtained the repayment of the 
sum of about € 23 million paid following the decision of the Court of Appeal of Colmar then annulled 
and quashed, which was deposited with the “Caisse des Reglements Pecuniaires des avocats”.  
 
Then, the bankruptcy receiver referred the dispute to the Court of Appeal of Metz and filed its brief at 
the end of July 2020, through which it requested again the payment of € 55.6 million (equal to the entire 
amount of insolvency liabilities, minus the amount obtained from the sale of the property whose 
purchase was financed by the Bank).  
 
In turn, the Bank filed its own reply brief, challenging the opposing party’s claims. This will be followed 
by the exchange of additional briefs, a hearing for discussion will be scheduled thereafter, then the court 
will rule on the dispute. 
 
Selarl Bruno Raulet (formerly Dargent Tirmant Raulet) Dispute  
During the first quarter of 2020, the Bank obtained the refund of the around €23 million paid according 
to the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Colmar in 2018, which was annulled and quashed by the French 
Court of Cassation in January this year. Subsequently, in the second quarter, the bankruptcy trustee 
informed that the dispute would have been referred to the Court of Appeal of Metz; the related brief 
shall be filed by August. 
Disputes regarding tax-collection companies  
In the context of the government's decision to reassume responsibility for tax collection, Intesa Sanpaolo 
sold to Equitalia S.p.A. now the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division, full ownership of Gest 
Line and ETR/ESATRI, companies that managed tax-collection activities, undertaking to indemnify 
the buyer against any expenses associated with the collection activity carried out up to the time of 
purchase of the equity interests.

--- Page 113 ---
In particular, such expenses refer to liabilities for disputes (with tax authorities, taxpayers and 
employees) and out-of-period expenses and capital losses with respect to the financial situation at the 
time of the sale. 
Overall, the claims made amount to  €80 million. A technical roundtable has been formed with the 
Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division in order to assess the parties’ claims. 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena  
In 2014, Fondazione Monte Paschi di Siena brought an action for compensation for the damages 
allegedly suffered as a result of a loan granted in 2011 by a pool of 13 banks and intended to provide it 
with the resources to subscribe for a capital increase of Monte Paschi di Siena. The damages claimed 
were allegedly due to the reduction in the market value of the Monte Paschi di Siena shares purchased 
with the sums disbursed by the banks. In the proceedings, Fondazione Monte Paschi di Siena summoned 
8 former directors of the foundation that were in office in 2011 and the 13 banks in the pool (including 
Intesa Sanpaolo and Banca IMI (now Corporate and Investment Banking Division post merger into 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.)). 
The banks have been charged with non-contractual liability due to their participation in the alleged 
violation by the former directors of the debt-equity ratio limit set in the charter. The claim for damages 
has been quantified at around  €286 million, jointly and severally for all the defendants. The defence 
adopted by the banks included the argument that the alleged breach of the aforementioned charter limit 
did not apply, because it was based on an incorrect valuation of the Foundation’s balance sheet items. 
In addition, in the loan agreement, Fondazione Monte Paschi di Siena itself assured the banks that the 
charter limit had not been breached and, therefore, any breach of the charter would at most give rise to 
the sole responsibility of the former directors of the Foundation. And, lastly, there was no causal link 
between the alleged misconduct and the damaging event. 
In November 2019, the Court of Florence rejected a number of the preliminary objections made by the 
banks and scheduled a hearing for March 2020 to decide on the petitions for preliminary rulings. To be 
able to make a risk assessment of the proceedings, we need to wait for the court’s decision on the matter, 
as well as the completion of any preliminary investigation. 
Private banker (Sanpaolo Invest) 
An inspection conducted by the Audit function identified serious irregularities by a private banker of 
Sanpaolo Invest. The checks carried out revealed. The checks carried out revealed serious irregularities 
affecting several customers, including misappropriation of funds and reports with false incremental 
amounts. On 28 June 2019, the company terminated the agency contract with the private banker due to 
just cause and communicated the findings to the Judicial Authority and the Supervisory Body for 
financial advisors, which first suspended and then removed the private banker from the Register of 
Financial Advisors in December 2019. 
The Judicial Authority, at the company’s request, confiscated a total amount of around €7 million from 
several customers that had unduly benefited from the sums misappropriated by the private banker from 
his other customers. At the same time, the company initiated out-of-court and legal actions against the 
unlawful beneficiaries for the recovery of the amounts misappropriated. 
Sanpaolo Invest, atthe end of June the subsidiary had received a total of 272 complaints with a total 
remedy sought of approximately €54 million. Of these, 61 complaints relate to misappropriations (with 
a remedy sought of approximately €17 million, for which the checks conducted determined the lesser 
amount of €13 million) and other types of damages (€10 million). A further 211 claims for a total 
remedy of around €27 million relate to false accounting and unauthorised transactions, as well as 
requests for reimbursement of fees. During the half-year, the subsidiary accepted and reimbursed more

--- Page 114 ---
than €4 million in claims, in addition to the amount of around €1 million already paid in 2019. At the 
same time, the company continued the out-of-court and legal actions against the unlawful beneficiaries 
for the recovery of the amounts misappropriated. 
The residual risk of disbursement resulting from the illegal acts committed by the private banker is 
covered by a provision of approximately €9 million. This provision was determined on the basis of an 
assessment of the claims for the confirmed appropriations and the claims relating to incorrect reports 
and unauthorised transactions, without considering the discovery orders issued and the coverage 
provided by the insurance policy, which the company promptly triggered in accordance with the policy 
conditions. 
Ruling of the EU Court of Justice of 11 September 2019 on credit agreements for consumers - so-
called Lexitor ruling  
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 on credit agreements for consumers states that in the event 
of early repayment of the loan the consumer is “entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, 
such reduction consisting of the interest and the costs for the remaining duration of the contract”. 
According to the Lexitor ruling, this provision must be interpreted as meaning that the right to a 
reduction in the total cost of the credit includes all the costs incurred by the consumer and therefore also 
includes the costs relating to services prior to or connected with the signing of the contract (upfront 
costs such as processing costs or agency fees). 
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 has been transposed in Italy through Article 125 sexies of 
the Consolidated Law on Banking, according to which in the event of early repayment “the consumer 
is entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, equal to the amount of interest and costs due for 
the remaining life of the contract”. On the basis of this rule, the Bank of Italy, the Financial Banking 
Arbitrator and case law have held that the obligation to repay only relates to the charges that have 
accrued during the course of the relationship (recurring costs) and have been paid in advance by the 
customer to the lender. In the event of early repayment, these costs must be repaid in the amount not 
yet accrued and the obligation to repay does not include the upfront costs. 
Following the Lexitor judgment, the question has arisen as to whether Article 125 sexies of the 
Consolidated Law on Banking should be interpreted in accordance with the principle laid down therein 
or whether the new principle requires a legislative amendment. According to the EU principle of 
“consistent interpretation”, national courts are required to interpret the rules in their own jurisdiction in 
a manner consistent with the European provisions. However, if the national rule has an unambiguous 
interpretation, it cannot be (re)interpreted by the court in order to bring it into line with the various 
provisions of a European directive: the principles recognised by European Union law prevent the 
national court from being required to make an interpretation that goes against the provisions of the 
domestic law. In this regard, we note that Article 125 sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking is 
clear in its wording and its scope: it states that, in the event of early repayment, the obligation to repay 
relates only to recurring costs and therefore does not include upfront costs. The unambiguity of the 
scope of the provision is confirmed by the fact that – as stated above – it has always been interpreted 
and applied in this way. 
However, in December 2019 the Bank of Italy issued “guidance” for the implementation of the principle 
established by the EU Court of Justice, to the effect that all costs (including upfront costs) should be 
included among the costs to be refunded in the event of early repayment, both for new relationships and 
for existing relationships. Intesa Sanpaolo has decided to follow the Bank of Italy “guidance”, even 
though it believes that the legal arguments set out above regarding the fact that Article 125 sexies of 
the Consolidated Law on Banking cannot be interpreted in a manner that complies with the Lexitor 
ruling are well founded. Accordingly, Intesa Sanpaolo reserves the right to reconsider this operational 
stance in light of future developments. A provision has therefore been made in the Allowance for Risks

--- Page 115 ---
and Charges corresponding to the estimated higher charges resulting from the decision to follow the 
Bank of Italy “guidance”. 
With regard, on the other hand, to disputes relating to terminated relationships, the few court decisions 
have been discordant and no prevailing case-law has emerged. In view of this and in light of the legal 
arguments set out above (which will be broadened and included in the defences presented in the above-
mentioned disputes), at this stage there is no evidence toconsider that a negative outcome will be likely. 
Offering of diamonds  
In October 2015, the Bank signed a partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) 
governing how diamond offerings were made by DPI to the customers of Intesa Sanpaolo. The aim of 
this initiative was to provide customers with a diversification solution with the characteristics of a "safe 
haven asset" in which to allocate a marginal part of their assets over the long-term. Diamonds had 
already been sold for several years by other leading national banking networks. 
This recommendation activity was carried out primarily in 2016, with a significant decline starting from 
the end of that year. A total of around 8,000 customers purchased diamonds, for a total of around €130 
million. The marketing process was based on criteria of transparency, with safeguards progressively 
enhanced over time, including quality controls on the diamonds and the fairness of the prices applied 
by DPI. 
In February 2017, the AGCM (the Italian Competition Authority) brought proceedings against 
companies that marketed diamonds, (DPI and other companies), for alleged conduct in breach of the 
provisions on unfair business practices. In April, those proceedings were extended to the intermediaries 
that carried out the recommendation of the services of those companies. 
At the end of those proceedings, on 30 October 2017, the AGCM notified the penalties imposed for the 
alleged breach of the Consumer Code through the conduct of DPI and of the banks which the 
proceedings had been extended to, consisting - in short - of having provided partial, deceptive and 
misleading information on the characteristics of the diamond purchases, the methods used to calculate 
the price - presented as being the market price - and the performance of the diamond market. The 
Authority issued a fine of €3 million against Intesa Sanpaolo, reduced from the initial fine of €3.5 
million, after the Authority had recognised the value of the measures taken by Intesa Sanpaolo from 
2016 to strengthen the safeguards on the offering process aimed, in particular, at ensuring proper 
information to customers. 
Following the order by the AGCM, the Bank paid the amount of the fine and filed an appeal with the 
Lazio Regional Administrative Court against the order. The proceeding is still pending. 
From November 2017, Intesa Sanpaolo: 
− 
terminated the partnership agreement with DPI and ceased the activity, which had already been 
suspended in October 2017; 
− 
started a process that provides for the payment to customers of the original cost incurred for the 
purchase of the diamonds and the withdrawal of the stones, in order to satisfy the customers' resale 
needs which, due to the illiquidity that had arisen in the market, are not met by DPI; 
− 
sent a communication in January 2018 to the diamond-holding customers reiterating the nature of 
the stones as durable goods, and also confirming the Bank's willingness to intervene directly in 
relation to any realisation needs expressed by the customers and not met by DPI.

--- Page 116 ---
As at 31 December 2019, a total of 6,595 repurchase requests had been received from customers and 
met by Intesa Sanpaolo, for a total value of € 111,9 million with the flow of requests steadily decreasing 
in the second half of 2019. The valuation of the repurchased diamonds is carried out using the values 
provided by the IDEX Diamond Retail Benchmark, one of the main online trading platforms used in 
the main markets by over 7,000 traders. 
In February 2019, an order for preventive criminal seizure of €11.1 million was served, corresponding 
to the fee and commission income paid by DPI to Intesa Sanpaolo. The preliminary investigations 
initiated by the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Milan also concern four other banks (more involved) and 
two companies that sell diamonds. In early October, the notice of conclusion of the investigation was 
served, which stated that two of Intesa Sanpaolo’s operators were currently under investigation for 
alleged aggravated fraud (in collusion with other parties to be identified) and other persons are being 
identified for allegations of self-laundering, while ISP is being charged with the administrative offence 
pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 in relation to this latter predicate offence.  
Disputes arising from the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships of Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in 
compulsory administrative liquidation 
With regard to the possible outcomes for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group of the lawsuits relating to Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca (and/or their directors and top management), the following is 
noted:  
a) 
based on the agreements between the two Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and 
Intesa Sanpaolo (sale contract of 26 June 2017 and Second Acknowledgement Agreement of 
17 January 2018), two distinct categories of disputes can be identified (also relating to the 
subsidiaries of the former Venetian banks included in the sale): 
− 
the Previous Disputes, included among the liabilities of the Aggregate Set transferred to Intesa 
Sanpaolo, which include civil disputes relating to judgements already pending at 26 June 2017, with 
some exceptions, and in any case different from those included under the Excluded Disputes (see 
the point below); 
− 
the Excluded Disputes, which remain under the responsibility of the Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation and which concern, among other things, disputes brought (also before 26 
June 2017) by shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate bondholders of one of the two 
former Venetian banks, disputes relating to non-performing loans, disputes relating to relationships 
terminated at the date of the transfer, and all disputes (whatever their subject) arising after the sale 
and relating to acts or events occurring prior to the sale; 
b) 
the relevant allowances were transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo along with the Previous Disputes; 
in any case, if and to the extent the provisions transferred prove insufficient, Intesa Sanpaolo 
will be entitled to be indemnified by the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, at the 
terms provided for in the sale contract of 26 June 2017.  
c) 
after 26 June 2017, a number of lawsuits included within the Excluded Disputes were initiated 
or resumed against Intesa Sanpaolo. With regard to these lawsuits: 
− 
Intesa Sanpaolo is pleading and will plead its non-involvement and lack of capacity to be sued, both 
on the basis of the provisions of Decree Law 99/20176 (Article 3), the sale contract signed with the 
two Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation on 26 June 2017 (Articles 3.1.1, 3.1.4 and 3.2), 
the First Acknowledgement Agreement signed on 19 December 2017, and the Second 
                                                 
6  
Published in the Official Gazette no. 146 of 25 June 2017 and converted by Law 121 of 31 July 2017.

--- Page 117 ---
Acknowledgement Agreement signed on 17 January 2018 (Article 3 and Attachment 1.1), and in 
compliance with the European Commission provisions on State Aid (Decision C(2017) 4501 final 
and Attachment B to the sale contract of 26 June 2017), which prohibit Intesa Sanpaolo from taking 
responsibility for any claims made by the shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former 
Venetian Banks;  
− 
if there were to be a ruling against Intesa Sanpaolo (and in any event for the charges incurred by 
Intesa Sanpaolo for any reason in relation to its involvement in any excluded disputes), it would 
have the right to be fully reimbursed by the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation; 
− 
the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation have contractually acknowledged their capacity 
to be sued with respect to the excluded disputes, such that, they have entered appearances in various 
proceedings initiated (or re-initiated) by various shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate 
bondholders against Intesa Sanpaolo (or in any case included in the category of excluded disputes), 
asking for the declaration of their exclusive capacity to be sued and the consequent exclusion of 
Intesa Sanpaolo from those proceedings; 
− 
pursuant to the agreements between the two banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and 
Intesa Sanpaolo, the disputes regarding the marketing of shares/convertible and/or subordinated 
bonds initiated against Banca Nuova (subsequently merged by incorporation into Intesa Sanpaolo) 
and Banca Apulia are also included in the excluded disputes (and therefore have the same treatment 
as described above, as a result of the abovementioned provisions and based on the criteria set out 
in the retransfer agreements signed on 10 July 2017, as subsequently supplemented). 
The above-mentioned disputes in the Excluded Disputes include 63 disputes (for a total remedy sought 
of around €87 million) involving claims relating to loans sold to Intesa Sanpaolo and deriving from so-
called “operazioni baciate”; this term refers to lloans granted by the former Venetian banks (or their 
Italian subsidiaries Banca Nuova/Banca Apulia) for the purpose of, or in any case related to, investments 
in shares or convertible and/or subordinated bonds of the two former Venetian Banks. 
The most recurrent claims relate to: 
− 
the violation by the former Venetian banks (or their subsidiaries) of the requirements of the rules 
on investment services; the customers claim that they were induced to purchase the shares on the 
basis of false or misleading information on the product’s risk characteristics; 
− 
the invalidity of the “baciata” transaction due to the breach of Article 2358 of the Italian Civil Code, 
which prohibits companies from granting loans for the purchase of treasury shares, except in certain 
limited cases. 
The first ruling on this matter was issued in early 2020, which declared that the loan sold was invalid; 
an appeal will be filed against this ruling. Since this is the only decision on this matter for the time 
being, it is not possible to draw any legal conclusions regarding the validity of this type of loan sold to 
Intesa Sanpaolo. 
With regard to the risks arising from these disputes, it should be borne in mind that the Sale Contract 
establishes the following: 
− 
that any liability, charge and/or negative effect that may arise to Intesa Sanpaolo from shares, 
disputes or claims made by shareholders and subordinated bondholders constitutes an Excluded 
Liability under the Contract and, as such, must be subject to indemnification by the Banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation;

--- Page 118 ---
− 
the obligation of each Bank in compulsory administrative liquidation to indemnify ISP against any 
damage arising from, or connected to, the violation or non-compliance of the Representations and 
Warranties issued by the two Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation with respect to the 
Aggregate Set transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo, and, in particular, those relating to the full propriety, 
validity and effectiveness of the loans and contracts transferred. 
On the basis of these provisions, Intesa Sanpaolo is entitled to be indemnified by the Banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation against any negative effect incurred if these loans are totally or 
partially invalid, unrecoverable, or in any case not repaid as a result of legal disputes. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has already made a formal reservation in this regard to the two Banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation for all the loans acquired and arising from loans potentially qualifying as 
“operazioni baciate”, even if they have not (yet) been formally contested by customers (see below 
“Initiatives undertaken with respect to the compulsory administrative liquidations”). 
In this regard, it should also be noted that Paragraph 11.1.9 of the Sale Contract establishes that “the 
precise and timely payment of any obligations and liabilities assumed in favour of the ISP by BPVi 
and/or VB shall be guaranteed by the issuing body (i.e. the Ministry of the Economy and Finance): (i) 
with regard to the indemnification obligations assumed by BPVi and/or VB and relating to the Previous 
Disputes, up to the maximum amount of the remedy sought for each of the Previous Disputes as 
indicated in the case documents, net of the specific risk allowances transferred to ISP with the Aggregate 
Set; and (ii) with regard to the remaining obligations and liabilities assumed by BPVi and/or VB, up to 
the maximum amount of  €1.5 billion” (the “Indemnification Guarantee”). 
This provision is consistent with and implements Article 4, paragraph 1, letter c) of Law Decree no. 
99/2017: the Ministry of the Economy and Finance “grants the Government independent first demand 
guarantee on the performance of the obligations of the entity in liquidation arising from commitments, 
representations and warranties issued by the entity in liquidation in the sale contract, for a maximum 
amount equal to the sum of  €1,500 million plus the result of the difference between the value of the 
past disputes of the entities in liquidation, as indicated in the case documents, and the related risk 
provision, up to a maximum of €491 million”. 
The Indemnification Guarantee is therefore an essential prerequisite of the Sale Contract. To date, this 
guarantee has not yet been formalised by a specific Decree from the Ministry of the Economy and 
Finance. The issuance of the guarantee by the government is a required procedure that is envisaged, not 
only by the Sale Contract of 26 June 2017, but also by the abovementioned Law Decree 99/2017. 
 In January 2018, as part of a criminal proceeding before the Court of Rome for the alleged market 
rigging and obstructing the Supervisory Authorities in the performance of their functions with respect 
to officers and executives of Veneto Banca, the preliminary hearing judge decided that Intesa Sanpaolo 
could be charged with civil liability. According to the judge, the exclusion from the sale to Intesa 
Sanpaolo of the debts, responsibilities and liabilities deriving from the sale of shares and subordinated 
bonds – envisaged by Decree Law 99/2017 – would not be objectionable by third parties, while Article 
2560 of the Italian Civil Code would be applicable in the case in question and Intesa Sanpaolo should 
therefore take on those liabilities. 
As a result of this decision, more than 3,800 civil plaintiffs joined the proceedings as shareholders or 
subordinated bondholders of Veneto Banca. Intesa Sanpaolo entered an appearance requesting its 
exclusion from the proceedings, in application of the provisions of Decree Law 99/2017, of the rules 
established for the compulsory administrative liquidation of banks and, before that, of the principles 
and rules contained in the bankruptcy law, in addition to the constitutional principles and decisions 
made at EU level. Veneto Banca in compulsory administrative liquidation intervened voluntarily 
affirming its exclusive, substantial and procedural capacity to be sued.

--- Page 119 ---
In March 2018, the preliminary hearing judge declared his lack of territorial jurisdiction, transferring 
the files to the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Treviso. The charge of civil liability and the joinders of 
the civil parties were therefore removed. On the other hand, in a criminal proceeding before the Court 
of Vicenza against the officers and executives of Banca Popolare di Vicenza, the preliminary hearing 
judge rejected the request for authorisation to charge Intesa Sanpaolo with civil liability, on the basis 
of the sale contract of 26 June 2017 and the special provisions contained in Decree Law 99/2017. 
In June 2019, Intesa Sanpaolo sent the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation a number of 
letters containing claims for compensation of already incurred or potential damages, which Intesa 
Sanpaolo is entitled to under the sale agreement (compensation obligation secured by government 
guarantee). To enable the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation to perform a more thorough 
examination of the claims made, Intesa Sanpaolo, in the letters sent in June 2019, granted an extension 
of the contractual deadline to 22 November 2019 for contesting the claims made. Subsequently, upon 
request from the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, Intesa Sanpaolo granted a further 
extension of this initial deadline up to 31 March 2020 and then to 30 November 2020. 
IMI/SIR Dispute  
Following the final judgement establishing the criminal liability of the corrupt judge Metta (and his 
accomplices Rovelli, Acampora, Pacifico, and Previti), the defendants were ordered to pay 
compensation for damages, with the determination of those damages referred to the civil courts. Intesa 
Sanpaolo then brought a case before the Court of Rome to obtain an order of compensation for damages 
from those responsible. 
In its ruling of May 2015, the Court of Rome quantified the financial and non-financial damages for 
Intesa Sanpaolo and ordered Acampora and Metta – the latter also jointly liable with the Prime 
Minister’s Office (pursuant to Law no. 117/1988 on the accountability of the judiciary) – to pay Intesa 
Sanpaolo €173 million net of tax, plus legal interest accruing from 1 February 2015 to the date of final 
payment, plus legal expenses. The amount ordered took account of the amounts received in the 
meantime by the Bank as part of the settlements with the Rovelli family and with the counterparties 
Previti and Pacifico. 
In July 2016, the Rome Court of Appeal stayed the enforcement of the judgment of first instance with 
respect to the amount in excess of €130 million, in addition to ancillary charges and expenses, and 
adjourned the hearing of the final pleadings to June 2018. As a result of this decision, in December 
2016 the Office of the President of the Council of Ministers credited Intesa Sanpaolo with the sum of  
€131,173,551.58 (corresponding to the €130 million of the order, in addition to legal interest and 
reimbursement of expenses). To avoid dispute, only the exact amount of the order, without applying 
the gross-up, was demanded and collected. 
On 16 April 2020, the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Rome was filed, which essentially upheld the 
Court's ruling, while reducing the amount of non-financial damages to €8 million (compared to €77 
million that had been quantified by the court of first instance), and set the amount to be paid at  €108 
million, to be considered net of tax, plus legal interest and expenses. A petition for the correction of a 
material error contained in the judgment of the Court of Appeal of Rome was filed by the Bank in the 
second quarter. The hearing for discussion has been set for 17 September 2020. On 3 December 2020, 
a reject ordinance has been released against such judgment of the Court of Appeal due to a material 
error. 
Judgement of the Court of Council of the European Union on derivatives with local entities 
By way of judgement no. 8770/2020, handed down by its Joint Sections on 12 May 2020, the Court of 
Cassation affirmed the nullity of several OTC derivative contracts (Interest Rate Swaps with upfront 
payments) entered into by an Italian bank and a Municipality, essentially establishing that: 1) the upfront

--- Page 120 ---
payment was a type of new debt resulting in long-term expenditure borne by the entity and, therefore, 
derivative contracts that comprise an upfront payment require the authorisation of the Municipal 
Council (not the Municipal Executive Committee), which, if lacking, shall invalidate the derivatives; 
2) swap contracts constitute a “legal bet”, permitted only in the amount in which these contracts acquire 
the form of a “rational bet”, concluded in terms which enable both parties to understand the risks 
underlying the contract, which thus, must indicate the mark to market, implicit costs and probabilistic 
scenario. 
The judgement of the Court of Cassation was issued with regard to derivative contracts governed by 
Italian law. Thus, it should not have significant effects on derivative contracts governed pursuant to the 
ISDA general agreement (subject to UK law) and referred to the jurisdiction of UK courts (as regards 
the issues of index-linking the mark to market, implicit costs and probabilistic scenarios). 
The decision has already been criticised by many authors and several lower courts have already deviated 
from the principles confirmed by the Court of Cassation. 
Nonetheless, in September, two decisions unfavourable to the Bank in this sense were issued: 1) the 
Court of Pavia ordered the Bank to refund approximately 9.3 million euro, in addition to ancillary 
charges, to the Province of Pavia, stating the grounds for the ruling of the Court of Cassation, word-for-
word; 2) the Court of Appeal of Milan rejected the appeal lodged by the Bank in the proceedings 
promoted by the Municipality of Mogliano Veneto. That ruling (which is only partially based on the 
arguments of the Court of Cassation) confirmed the first instance ruling which had ordered the Bank to 
refund the Municipality 5.8 million euro, a payment made in 2018. Both decisions are being challenged. 
In light of the evolution of case-law, a specific reassessment was conducted of risks connected with the 
disputes regarding derivative contracts entered into with local entities and, where deemed appropriate, 
specific provisions were allocated. 
UBI Group 
With regard to the UBI Group, in referring to the 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 
Interim Statements for 2020 of the acquired entity for a detailed illustration of the main disputes pending 
and their evolution, it is noted that no significant events occurred in the third quarter. 
Labour litigation  
There were no significant cases of labour litigation from either a qualitative or quantitative standpoint 
as at 30 June 2020 In general, all labour litigation is covered by specific provisions adequate to meet 
any outlays. 
Tax litigation 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group's tax litigation risks are covered by adequate provisions to the allowances 
for risks and charges. 
In addition, the suspension of trial time limits until 11 May was established, first by the so-called “Cura 
Italia” Law Decree no. 18 of 17 March 2020, and then by Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020. 
Furthermore, Law Decree no. 34 of 19 May 2020 provides that notices of assessment, settlement, 
claims, penalties and recovery of tax credits, for which the time limits are set to expire between 9 March 
and 31 December 2020, shall be issued until 31 December 2020 and validly served on the taxpayer 
during the period from 1 January to 31 December 2021. Finally, the time limits for conducting 
administrative proceedings on the petition of a party or on an ex officio basis that were pending on 23 
February 2020 or commenced after that date have been suspended until 15 May 2020.

--- Page 121 ---
As at 30 June 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo had 668 pending litigation proceedings (612 as at 31 December 
2019) for a total amount claimed (taxes, penalties and interest) of €141 million (€146 million as at 31 
December 2019, including the former Banco Sudameris Brasil dispute with a value of €35 million at 
the current exchange rate), considering both administrative and judicial proceedings at various 
instances. 
In relation to these proceedings, the actual risks were quantified for Intesa Sanpaolo at €52 million as 
at 30 June 2020 (€54 million as at 31 December 2019). 
The dispute with the Provincial Department of Florence on the VAT applied in 2014 by Infogroup 
Informatica e ServiziTelematici S.c.p.A., a consortium company wholly represented by Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group companies and sold to Engineering - Ingegneria Informatica S.p.A. on 28 December 2017, was 
resolved during the period. In 2019, a settlement agreement had been reached for the year 2014 
(approximately €2 million), whereas in the first half of 2020 the IRES, IRAP and VAT findings for the 
years 2015, 2016 and 2017 were settled by filing an amended return and paying a total of €7.7 million, 
of which €0.6 million contractually borne by Engineering, already set aside in the 2019 Financial 
Statements. The total settlement cost was €7.1 million, considering the positive effect of €2 million 
arising from the deduction of the VAT paid for the settlement, recovered from ISP, for the purposes of 
IRES and IRAP. 
With regard to the disputes still pending, in June the Attorney General filed an appeal before the Court 
of Cassation against the judgment of the court of second instance, favourable to Intesa Sanpaolo, in the 
matter of registration tax, assessed by the Italian Revenue Agency of Milan in the amount of €6.7 
million, in addition to interest (no penalty was levied). The Agency reclassified the overall transaction 
whereby Manzoni s.r.l. transferred a private equity business line that it had acquired through two 
different contributions of business lines by the Bank and the former IMI Investimenti S.p.A. to Melville 
S.r.l. through a partial, non-proportional demerger as the sale of a business line, levying registration tax 
on the transaction at 3% of the economic value declared in the de-merger deed. The Bank retained a 
major law firm to represent it at trial. 
Mention should also be made of the filing by the Regional Tax Commission of Piedmont of judgment 
no. 125/4/2020, unfavourable to Intesa Sanpaolo, regarding the lawfulness of a payment notice of €1.7 
million. This notice, served in 2016, follows the unfavourable judgment of the Court of Cassation no. 
25463/2015 regarding solely the penalties for tax periods 1986 and 1988 on IRPEG and ILOR findings 
not cancelled in the various instances of the trial on the merits, which concluded a complex, lengthy 
trial, arising from the merger of Istituto Bancario Sanpaolo di Torino with Banca Popolare 
dell’Agricoltura. 
In addition, another set of proceedings had unfolded in parallel, regarding the amnesty pursuant to Law 
413/1991, in which the Istituto had participated for the years in dispute, also disputed by the tax 
authorities, which had yielded a favourable outcome for the Bank in the first and second instances. 
Given the complexity of the matters at issue in the trial and the legal questions on the merits, it is 
currently being evaluated whether an appeal of the aforementioned unfavourable judgmentbefore the 
Court of Cassation would be tenable. The amount of the notice was already paid in full in the course of 
the trial on a provisional basis; if this claim becomes definitive, there will be no impact on the income 
statement, since the tax authorities' claim is fully covered by the allowance for tax litigation. 
With regard to the merged company Banca Nuova (formerly a member of the Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza Group), on 20 December 2019 the Italian Revenue Agency served Intesa Sanpaolo, as the 
surviving company, with a tax audit report regarding tax period 2015 containing findings for a total of 
€1.6 million of taxable profit and IRES and IRAP taxes for a total of  €0.46 million, in addition to 
penalties and interest. The alleged violations relate to: i) unlawful deduction of contingent losses on 
receivables due for invoices to be issued; ii) unlawful deduction due to decreases in the allowance for 
credit losses arising from the write-off of loans; and iii) unlawful off-balance sheet deduction of the

--- Page 122 ---
“super depreciation". As the party responsible for making decisions regarding the findings formulated 
in the tax audit report by the Italian Revenue Agency, Intesa Sanpaolo  conducted all document research 
and follow-up activities, on the basis of which it prepared defence briefs that are in the process of being 
filed. The dispute will be reported to Banca Popolare di Vicenza in compulsory administrative 
liquidation - and to the Ministry of the Economy and Finance for their consideration and in view of the 
guarantees provided under Art. 2, paragraph c), of Ministerial Decree 187 of 25 June 2017, in 
accordance with Art. 4, paragraph 1, letter c), of Decree-Law 99 of 25 June 2017 - which has the 
obligation to indemnify Intesa Sanpaolo against any liability, pursuant to Article 11 of the contract 
entered into on 26 June 2017, for the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships. 
With regard to the Intesa Sanpaolo branches located abroad, tax audits are underway in relation to: i) 
VAT on the London branch for the years 2016, 2017 and 2018; and ii) federal direct taxes at the New 
York branch for the tax periods 2015, 2016and 2017. No claims have been made for the time being. 
In addition, a general audit by the German tax authority will be launched at the Frankfurt branch in 
August 2020 with regard to the following areas relating to the tax periods from 2016 to 2018: i) income 
taxes; ii) VAT; iii) withholding taxes; iv) tax losses carried forward; v) transfer pricing; and vi) German 
trade tax. 
At the Group’s other Italian companies, tax disputes totalled  €53 million as at 30 June 2020, unchanged 
compared to 31 December 2019, covered by specific provisions of 1 million euro (1 million euro in the 
2019 financial statements). Of   these €53 million: i) €9.3 million refers to claims involving Fideuram 
concerning the failure to withhold 27% of the interest accrued in 2009, 2010 and 2011 on foreign bank 
accounts held at Fideuram Bank (Luxembourg) by two “historic” Luxembourg mutual funds (Fonditalia 
and Interfund SICAV), for which in the years assessed Fideuram was only the placement bank and 
correspondent bank. The risk has been deemed not probable; ii) €42.2 million is attributable to the IRES 
and IRAP disputes involving Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking, relating to the deduction (in 2011 and 
the following years) of the amortisation charge for the goodwill arising from the transfers of the private 
banking business lines of Intesa Sanpaolo and Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì e della Romagna in 2009, 
Banca di Trento e Bolzano and Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze in 2010 and Cassa di Risparmio Pistoia 
e Lucchesia and Cassa di Risparmio dell’Umbria in 2013, realigned by the transferee in accordance 
with Article 15, paragraph 10, of Law Decree no. 185 of 29 November 2008. The risk of incurring 
liabilities is considered to be remote. 
The amount of tax disputes involving international subsidiaries is limited and almost entirely 
provisioned. These consisted of claims for a total value of  €9 million (11 million euro at the end of 
2019) covered by provisions of €7 million (€7 million at the end of 2019). The decrease in the claimed 
amount was mainly due to a dispute involving Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania, settled without any impact 
on the income statement in 2020 (total remedy sought of €0.5 million), and the reduction in the value 
of the lawsuit involving Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil S.A., regarding direct taxes for the years 2015 and 2016, 
due to the negative performance of the Brazilian currency (-€0.6 million). The dispute in which the 
most significant amount is at issue relates to the Egypt-based Alexbank and concerns the non-payment 
of stamp duty by the branches of the Egyptian bank amounting to approximately €4.8 million for the 
tax periods from 1984 to 2006. The potential liability arising from the litigation has been provisioned. 
In addition, in March Exelia was subject to a VAT audit by the Romanian tax authority (ANAF) with 
regard to tax periods 2014 - 2019. This audit has been concluded and ANAF has determined that the 
services rendered by Exelia may be classified  as services of a financial nature for VAT purposes and 
are thus exempt, resulting in the full non-deductibility of the VAT on purchases of goods and services. 
The revenue authority thus claimed non-payment of VAT for €369 thousand, in addition to penalties of 
€146 thousand, for the tax periods subject to audit, but the company could have the penalties cancelled 
in full.

--- Page 123 ---
Finally, the tax audit on IMI SEC is still underway for the years 2015 and 2016, for which the US tax 
authorities are contesting the composition of the company’s revenues, which have a high level of 
income originating from outside the State of New York and subject to lower tax. In 2019 the audit was 
also extended to 2017. No claims have been made for the time being.

--- Page 124 ---
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER – AN OVERVIEW 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
The annual financial information below as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018 has been derived respectively from the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the 2019 Audited 
Financial Statements) and from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018 (the 2018 Audited Financial 
Statements). Certain balance sheet 2018 comparative data has been restated, in accordance with IFRS 
3, with respect to the data previously presented in the 2018 Audited Financial Statements to account for 
the final allocation of the cost of acquiring the subsidiary Autostrade Lombarde. 
Also, certain income statement 2018 comparative data has been restated, in accordance with IFRS 5, 
with respect to the data previously presented in the 2018 Audited Financial Statements to account for 
the reclassification to the item “Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations” of the income 
effects of the acquiring business line to be contributed to Nexi, pursuant to the agreement signed in 
December 2019 and finalized in the first half of 2020. 
Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
The half yearly financial information below as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2020 has 
been derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated half yearly financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2020 (the 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited 
Financial Statements) that include comparative balance sheet figures as at 31 December 2019 and 
income statement figures for the six months ended on 30 June 2019. Certain income statement 2019 
comparative data has been restated with respect to the data previously presented in the 2019 Half-Yearly 
Unaudited Financial statements in order to account for the reclassification to the item “Income (Loss) 
after tax from discontinued operations” of the income effects of the acquiring business line to be 
contributed to Nexi, pursuant to the agreement signed in December 2019 and finalized in the first half 
of 2020. 
Incorporation by Reference 
Both the audited consolidated annual and the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
referred to above are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference"). The financial information set out below forms only part of, should be read in 
conjunction with and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the above-mentioned audited 
consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements, together with the 
accompanying notes and auditors' reports. 
Accounting Principles 
The audited consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements referred 
to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board and the relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee, otherwise known as International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted 
by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. The half-yearly condensed consolidated 
financial statements referred to above  have been prepared in compliance with the IAS/IFRS issued by 
the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the relative interpretations of the 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) endorsed by the European 
Commission, as provided for by EU Regulation 1606 of 19 July 2002 and in force as at 30 June 2020.

--- Page 125 ---
In particular, the 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are prepared in compliance with 
IAS 34 requirements, which regulate interim financial reporting. 
The accounting standards adopted in preparation of these 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
Statements, with regard to the classification, recognition, measurement and derecognition of the 
financial assets and liabilities, and the recognition methods for revenues and costs, have remained 
unchanged compared to those adopted for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2019 Audited Financial 
Statements, which should be consulted for the complete details.  
In addition, the indications provided by the authorities and the IASB, together with the application 
decisions made by Intesa Sanpaolo, as described in the chapter "The first half of 2020", should be 
consulted on the consequences of the impact of the COVID-19 health emergency. Some amendments 
to existing accounting standards, endorsed by the European Commission in 2019 and 2020, are 
applicable on a mandatory basis for the first time starting in 2020, but none of them is particularly 
significant for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
A summary of the endorsing Regulations is provided below: 
− 
Regulation 2075/2019: this regulation of 29 November 2019 adopted several amendments to the 
IFRS relating to references to the Conceptual Framework. The amendments are designed to update 
the references – in the various IAS/IFRS and interpretations – to the previous framework, by 
replacing them with the references to the framework revised in March 2018. The Conceptual 
Framework is not an accounting standard and is therefore not subject to endorsement, whereas this 
particular document is subject to endorsement because it amends some IAS/IFRS; 
− 
Regulation 2104/2019: this regulation of 29 November 2019 adopts several amendments to IAS 1 
Presentation of Financial Statements and IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting 
Estimates and Errors in order to clarify the definition of material information and to improve its 
understandability. The materiality depends on the nature and significance of the information or 
both. An entity shall also verify whether an item of information, either individually or in 
combination with other information, is material in the overall context of the financial statements; 
− 
Regulation 551/2020: the Regulation dated 21 April 2020 adopted several amendments to IFRS 3 
Business Combination introduced with the IASB publication of 22 October 2018 "Definition of a 
Business (Amendments to IFRS 3)" in order to facilitate the practical application of the definition 
of the term "business". These clarifications do not entail any changes to the practices already 
followed by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group with regard to the definition of a business. 
In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has exercised the option of early adoption of Regulation (EU) 
34/2020 of 15 January 2020 for the 2019 Audited Financial Statements, which adopted the document 
issued by the IASB in September 2019 on "Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (amendments to IFRS 9 
Financial Instruments, IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and IFRS 7 
Financial Instruments: Disclosures)”, application of which is mandatory with effect from 1 January 
2020. This regulation introduced several amendments regarding hedges (hedge accounting) designed to 
prevent uncertainties about the amount and timing of the cash flows arising from the rate reform from 
resulting in the discontinuation of existing hedges and difficulties in designating new hedging 
relationships. 
As disclosed in the 2019 Audited Financial Statements, this relates to recent developments concerning 
the revision or replacement of certain interest rate benchmarks used to set interest rates in various 
jurisdictions, such as LIBOR, TIBOR and, in Europe, EONIA and Euribor, based on the indications 
from the G20 and the Financial Stability Board.The IASB is working on the possible accounting impacts 
of the IBOR Reform through a project divided into two phases: the first phase focused on the possible 
accounting impacts in the period prior to the replacement of the existing benchmark rates with new rates

--- Page 126 ---
(pre-replacement issues); and the second phase of the project, still under way, involves the analysis of 
the possible accounting impacts deriving from the application of the new rates and other less urgent 
issues (replacement issues). Phase 1 of the project, which ended with the publication of the above-
mentioned Regulation 34/2020, introduced several changes to prevent the discontinuation of existing 
hedges. The IASB considers that, in this scenario, the discontinuation of hedges solely due to the effect 
of uncertainty does not provide useful information for the readers of financial statements and has 
therefore decided to make some temporary exceptions to the existing regulations to prevent these 
distortions, which can be applied until the reform of the interest rate benchmarks has been completed.  
The IASB has identified several hedge accounting provisions that could be affected by the reform of 
the benchmarks in the “pre-replacement” phase and introduced a simplification for each of them, 
assuming that the interest rate benchmarks used to set existing interest rates will not be changed as a 
result of the interbank rate reform. The amendments are applicable on a mandatory basis from 1 January 
2020, with the option of early application, as exercised by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which applied 
these provisions when preparing its 2019 Audited Financial Statements. 
The 2020 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements, drawn up in euro as the functional currency, are 
prepared in condensed form as permitted by IAS 34, and contain the consolidated Balance sheet, the 
consolidated Income statement, the Statement of consolidated comprehensive income for the period, 
the Changes in consolidated shareholders’ equity, the consolidated Statement of cash flows and the 
explanatory notes. They are also complemented by information on significant events which occurred in 
the period, on the main risks and uncertainties to be faced in the remaining months of the year, as well 
as information on significant related party transactions. With effect from the 2018 Audited  Financial 
Statements, following the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s decision to exercise the option of adopting the 
deferral approach, also provided for banking-led financial conglomerates, specific balance sheet and 
income statement captions have been added to the consolidated financial statement layouts established 
in Circular 262 to present the valuation of assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance companies and 
the related profit or loss effects measured in accordance with IAS 39. The amounts indicated in the 
financial statements and explanatory notes are expressed in millions of euro, unless otherwise specified. 
With regard to assets held for sale, as stated above in the chapter "The first half of 2020" of this report, 
on 26 June 2020 Intesa Sanpaolo and Aleàtica S.A.U., a Spanish company specialised in infrastructure 
investments that is 100% owned by the Australian fund IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, reached an 
agreement regarding the sale of the entire equity investment held in Autostrade Lombarde (in which 
Intesa Sanpaolo holds a 55.8% interest) and its operating subsidiary Brebemi, the company that holds 
the concession to the Milan-Brescia motorway segment (A35). The transaction is expected to be 
completed by the end of 2020 and is subject to the usual authorisations from the competent authorities. 
As a result of the transaction described above, the assets and liabilities attributable to the two 
subsidiaries, controlled within the meaning given in IFRS 10 and consolidated line by line in the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's consolidated financial statements, have been reclassified with effect from the 2020 
Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements among assets and liabilities held for sale and discontinued 
operations in accordance with IFRS 5. The assets held for sale also include a residual portion of the 
non-performing credit exposures arising from leasing activity and contemplated in the agreement with 
Prelios, for which the transfer has yet to be completed in view of the inability, relating to the restrictions 
imposed by the COVID-19, to proceed with the inspections required to allow the sale deeds to be 
prepared for the properties; according to the conditions agreed between the parties, the transfer of this 
portion of the portfolio will occur within the third month from the date on which the restrictions imposed 
by the current health emergency are lifted. Assets held for sale also include the pledge lending business 
line, for which Intesa Sanpaolo reached an agreement for sale to ProntoPegno at the end of 2019, which 
was entered into on 13 July 2020. The transfer of Intesa Sanpaolo's acquiring business line, previously 
included among discontinued operations, to Nexi was completed on 30 June. For detailed information, 
see the sections "The first half of 2020" and “Balance sheet aggregates” in the Notes to the  2020 
Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements.

--- Page 127 ---
Finally, with regard to the “high-risk” loans originating from the Venetian banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation, as indicated above in the chapter "The first half of 2020" of this Report, on 
13 June 2020 the final retrocession was performed for positions reclassified as “bad loans” and/or 
“unlikely-to-pay loans”, considering that the decree whereby the Ministry of the Economy and Finance 
formalised the "high risk" guarantee and Law Decree 99/2017 (the "Venetian Banks" Law Decree) 
establish that Intesa Sanpaolo’s right to retrocede the “high risk” loans must be exercised within three 
years of the original transfer of the Aggregate Set, a transaction that was closed on 26 June 2017. The 
retrocession applied to a total portfolio with a gross value of  €201 million, for a retrocession price of  
€176 million. In the second quarter of 2020, on 18 April 2020, another retrocession event had occurred, 
involving a total portfolio with a gross value of  €121 million, for a retrocession price of  €103 million. 
Both retrocessions occurred at a price aligned with the net book value, which already incorporated the 
contractual mechanism for determining the retrocession consideration, according to which 50% of 
adjustments are borne by the Banks in compulsory administrative liquidation. Accordingly, at 30 June 
2020 there are no longer any "high risk" loans reclassified to assets held for sale in accordance with 
IFRS 5. 
The Half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2020 are complemented by 
certification of the Managing Director – CEO and the Manager responsible for preparing the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group’s financial reports pursuant to Article154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance an 
d are subject to limited review by the Independent Auditors KPMG. 
Transition to IFRS 16 
The regulations 
The new accounting standard IFRS 16, issued by the IASB in January 2016 and endorsed by the 
European Commission through Regulation no. 1986/2017, replaced IAS 17 “Leases”, IFRIC 4 
“Determining whether an arrangement contains a lease”, SIC 15 “Operating leases – Incentives” and 
SIC 27 “Evaluating the substance of transactions involving the legal form of a lease”, with effect from 
1 January 2019, and established the requirements for accounting for lease contracts. 
In accordance with the new standard, entities are required to decide whether a contract is (or contains) 
a lease, based on the concept of control of the use of an identified asset for a set period of time. As a 
result, rental, hire or free loan agreements come under the scope of the new rules. 
In view of the above, significant changes have been made to the accounting for lease transactions in the 
financial statements of the lessee/user, with the introduction of a single accounting model for lease 
contracts for the lessee, based on the right-of- use model. Specifically, the main change consists of the 
elimination of the distinction between operating and finance leases, established by IAS 17: all lease 
contracts must therefore be accounted for in the same way with the recognition of an asset and a liability. 
Unlike the standards in force until 31 December 2018, the accounting model envisages the recognition 
of the right of use of the leased asset under the Balance Sheet Assets and the liabilities for lease 
payments not yet paid to the lessor under the Balance Sheet Liabilities. The method of recognition of 
the profit or loss components has also changed: in IAS 17 lease payments were shown under the caption 
Administrative Expenses, whereas under IFRS 16 the charges relating to the amortisation of the “right 
of use” and the interest expense on the payable are recognised. 
In terms of disclosure, the minimum information required from the lessees includes: 
− 
the sub-division of the leased assets among different “classes”; 
− 
an analysis by due date of the liabilities related to the leases;

--- Page 128 ---
− 
the information that is potentially helpful for a better understanding of the entityʼs activities with 
regard to the lease contracts (for example, prepayment or extension options). 
However, there are no substantial changes, other than some additional disclosure requirements, for the 
accounting for leases by the lessors, where the current distinction is maintained between operating 
leases and finance leases. 
In addition, in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 16 and the IFRIC clarifications (“Cloud 
Computing Arrangements” document of September 2018), software has been excluded from the scope 
of IFRS 16 and is therefore accounted for in accordance with IAS 38 and its requirements. 
From 1 January 2019, the effects on the financial statements resulting from the adoption of IFRS 16 
can be identified for the lessee – with the same income and final cash flows – as an increase in the assets 
recorded in the financial statements (leased assets), an increase in the liabilities (the payable for the 
leased assets), a reduction in administrative expenses (lease payments) and an accompanying increase 
in financial costs (the remuneration of the payable recognised) and depreciation (relating to the right of 
use). With regard to the income statement, when the entire term of the contracts is considered, the 
economic impact does not change over the period of the lease, both when the former IAS 17 or the new 
IFRS 16 are applied, but its distribution over time is different. 
In 2018, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group initiated a specific project for the implementation of IFRS 16 – 
Leases, aimed at examining and determining the qualitative and quantitative impacts, and identifying 
and implementing the practical and organisational measures required for consistent, systematic and 
effective adoption within the Group as a whole and for each of its individual subsidiaries. From a 
procedural perspective, a specific application has been implemented at Group level (except for some 
companies located abroad, which have adopted a solution specific to their circumstances) for the 
determination of values according to IFRS 16. 
The choices made by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
It is worth noting some “general” choices made by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group regarding the methods 
of presentation of the effects of first-time adoption of the standard, as well as some rules to be applied 
upon full adoption for the accounting for lease contracts. 
The Intesa Sanpolo Group has chosen to carry out the first-time adoption (FTA) of IFRS 16 through the 
modified retrospective approach, which provides the option, established by the standard, of recognising 
the cumulative effect of the adoption of the standard at the date of first-time adoption and not restating 
the comparative information of the financial statements of first-time adoption of IFRS 16. As a result, 
the financial statement figures for 2019 will not be comparable with regard to the valuation of the rights 
of use and the corresponding lease liability. However, in the Report on Operations, the income statement 
and balance sheet figures affected by the standard have been restated – as at 1 January 2019 – to enable 
like-for-like comparison. 
Upon first-time adoption, the Intesa Sanpolo Group has adopted some of the practical expedients 
provided for in the standard in paragraph C10 and following. In particular, contracts with a remaining 
lease term of 12 months or less (“short term”) have not been included. The Group has not made any 
provisions for onerous leases measured pursuant to IAS 37 and recognised in the Financial Statements 
as at 31 December 2018. 
Also after full adoption, the Group has also decided not to apply the new standard to contracts with a 
total lease term of 12 months or less and to contracts with a value of the underlying asset, when new, 
of 5,000 or less (“low value”). In this case, the lease payments for these leases are recognised as an 
expense – in the same way as in the past – on a straight-line basis for the lease term or on another 
systematic basis if that basis is more representative of the pattern of the lesseeʼs benefit.

--- Page 129 ---
With regard to the sale and leaseback agreements outstanding as at the date of first-time adoption, the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group has applied to the leases resulting from these transactions, and previously 
classified as operating leases according to IAS 17 requirements, the same transition model for the other 
lease contracts as required by the IFRS 16. 
A summary is provided below of some of the choices made by the Group regarding the treatment of 
leases on the lessee side, such as, for example, the contractual term, discount rate, and lease and non-
lease components. 
Contractual term 
The lease term is determined by the non-cancellable period for which the Group has the right to use the 
underlying asset, also considering: (i) the periods covered by the option to extend the lease, if the lessee 
is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and (ii) the periods covered by the option to terminate the 
lease, if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise that option. 
At the transition date and at the commencement date of each contract entered into after 1 January 2019, 
each Group Company has established the term of the lease, based on the facts and circumstances that 
exist at that date and that have an impact on the reasonable certainty of exercising the options included 
in the lease arrangements. 
With regard to the real estate leases, the Group has decided to consider only the first renewal period for 
all new contracts (and as at the FTA date) as reasonably certain, unless there are particular contractual 
clauses, facts or circumstances that suggest that additional renewals should be considered or that 
determine the end of the lease. 
On the basis of the characteristics of the Italian lease contracts and the provisions of Law 392/1978, in 
the event of the signing of a new lease contract with a contractual term of six years and the option to 
automatically renew the contract after six years for another six years, the total term of the lease will be 
at least twelve years. This general rule is superseded if there are new elements or specific situations 
within the contract. 
For the international companies, each Legal Entity will apply the general rule of considering a renewal 
in the first period, unless local regulations and business decisions lead to different choices. In the latter 
case, the company must assess the reasonable certainty of exercising the option, taking into account 
both the requirements of the Standard and the strategy regarding the Real Estate contracts, the general 
business plan and the local laws and customs. 
In line with the choice made for the real estate contracts, for the other types of leases, in which the 
contract includes a renewal clause, the Group has decided – for all the new contracts (and also at the 
FTA date) – to assess the reasonable certainty of exercising the option, taking into account both the 
requirements of the Standard and the strategy regarding the individual contracts. 
Discount rate 
With regard to the discount rate, based on the requirements of IFRS 16, the Group uses the implicit 
interest rate for each lease contract, when it is available. For leases from the lesseeʼs point of view, in 
some cases, for example for rental agreements, the implicit interest rate cannot always be readily 
determined without using estimates and assumptions (the lessee does not have enough information 
about the unguaranteed residual value of the leased asset). In these cases, the Group has developed a 
methodology for setting the incremental interest rate as an alternative to the implicit interest rate and 
has decided to adopt the Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) method. This is based on an unsecured and 
amortising rate curve, which envisages lease payments for the lease contract that are typically constant 
over the lease term, rather than a single payment upon maturity. The FTP method takes into account the

--- Page 130 ---
creditworthiness of the lessee, the term of the lease, the Nature and quality of the collateral provided 
and the economic environment in which the transaction takes place and is therefore in line with the 
requirements of the standard. 
Lease and non-lease components 
The Group has also decided not to separate the service components from the lease components and to 
consequently recognise the entire contract as a lease, because the service components are not significant.

--- Page 131 ---
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 31.12.2019 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2018. 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Assets 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
9,745 
10,350 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
49,414 
42,115 
a) financial assets held for trading 
45,152 
38,806 
b) financial assets designated at fair value 
195 
208 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
4,067 
3,101 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
72,410 
60,469 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair 
value pursuant to IAS 39 
168,202 
149,546 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
467,815 
476,503 
a) due from banks 
49,027 
69,307 
b) loans to customers 
418,788 
407,196 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at 
amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39 
612 
952 
Hedging derivatives 
3,029 
2,993 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
1,569 
124 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control 
1,240 
943 
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties 
28 
20 
Property and equipment 
8,878 
7,372 
Intangible assets 
9,211 
9,141 
of which: 
 
 
- goodwill 
4,055 
4,227 
Tax assets 
15,467 
17,258 
a) current 
1,716 
3,320 
b) deferred 
13,751 
13,938 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
494 
1,297 
Other assets 
7,988 
8,707 
Total Assets .......................................................................................... 
816,102 
 
787,790

--- Page 132 ---
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 31.12.2019 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2018. 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
519,382 
513,942 
a) due to banks 
103,324 
107,982 
b) due to customers 
331,181 
323,900 
c) securities issued 
84,877 
82,060 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at 
amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39  
826 
810 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
45,226 
41,895 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
4 
4 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair 
value pursuant to IAS 39  
75,935 
67,800 
Hedging derivatives 
9,288 
7,221 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) 
527 
398 
Tax liabilities 
2,321 
2,391 
a) current 
455 
163 
b) deferred 
1,866 
2,228 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operations 
41 
258 
Other liabilities 
12,070 
11,670 
Employee termination indemnities 
1,134 
1,190 
Allowances for risks and charges 
3,997 
5,064 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
482 
510 
b) post-employment benefits 
232 
261 
c) other allowances for risks and charges 
3,283 
4,293 
Technical reserves 
89,136 
80,797 
Valuation reserves 
-157 
-913 
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies 
504 
9 
Redeemable shares 
-  
-  
Equity instruments 
4,103 
4,103 
Reserves 
13,279 
13,006 
Share premium reserve 
25,075 
24,768 
Share capital 
9,086 
9,085 
Treasury shares (-) 
-104 
-84 
Minority interests (+/-) 
247 
326 
Net income (loss) (+/-) 
4,182 
4,050 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
816,102 
787,790 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2019

--- Page 133 ---
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2018. 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
 
 
 
Interest and similar income 
10,193 
10,486 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate 
method 
 
10,565 
 
10,814 
Interest and similar expense 
-3,269 
-3,144 
Interest margin 
6,924 
7,342 
Fee and commission income 
9,658 
9,548 
Fee and commission expense 
-2,159 
-2,023 
Net fee and commission income 
7,499 
7,525 
Dividend and similar income 
117 
94 
Profits (Losses) on trading 
506 
445 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
-61 
-111 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
1,385 
549 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
97 
-19 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
1,218 
508 
c) financial liabilities 
70 
60 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
123 
298 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
-103 
28 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
226 
270 
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance 
companies pursuant to IAS 39 
3,991 
3,240 
Net interest and other banking income 
20,484 
19,382 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risks associated with: 
-2,201 
-2,509 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
-2,175 
-2,507 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
-26 
-2 
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to 
IAS39 
-9 
-26 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-6 
-11 
Net income from banking activities 
18,268 
16,836 
Net insurance premiums 
10,147 
8,180 
Other net insurance income (expense) 
-12,673 
-9,968 
Net income from banking and insurance activities 
15,742 
15,048 
Administrative expenses: 
-9,692 
-10,000 
a) personnel expenses 
-5,825 
-5,931 
b) other administrative expenses 
-3,867 
-4,069 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
-73 
-35 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
23 
88 
b) other net provisions 
-96 
-123 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment 
-523 
-383 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets 
-692 
-596 
Other operating expenses (income) 
774 
733

--- Page 134 ---
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Audited 
Audited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Operating expenses 
-10,206 
-10,281  
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to 
joint control 
 
53 
 
177 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets 
measured at fair value  
 
-13 
 
-9 
Goodwill impairment 
-  
-  
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments 
96 
452 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations 
5,672 
5,387 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
-1,564 
-1,363 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations 
4,108 
4,024 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations 
64 
48 
Net income (loss) 
4,172 
4,072 
Minority interests 
10 
-22 
Parent Company's net income (loss) 
4,182 
4,050 
Basic EPS – Euro 
0.24 
0.24 
Diluted EPS – Euro 
0.24 
0.24

--- Page 135 ---
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30.06.2020 
 
 
30.06.2020 31.12.2019 
 
Unaudited 
Audited  
 
(in millions of €) 
Assets 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................................  
7,784 
9,745 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ..................  
60,838 
49,414 
a) financial assets held for trading ...........................................................  
56,272 
45,152 
b) financial assets designated at fair value ..............................................  
51 
195 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value ...................  
4,515 
4,067 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ......................................................................................................  
73,778 
72,410 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair 
value pursuant to IAS 39 ..........................................................................  
165,342 
168,202 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .............................................  
497,653 
467,815 
a) due from banks .....................................................................................  
63,459 
49,027 
b) loans to customers ................................................................................  
434,194 
418,788 
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at 
amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39 ............................................................  
735 
612 
Hedging derivatives ..................................................................................  
4,210 
3,029 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) ...............  
2,565 
1,569 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ............  
1,462 
1,240 
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties ........................  
65 
28 
Property and equipment ............................................................................  
8,663 
8,878 
Intangible assets ........................................................................................  
8,394 
9,211 
of which ....................................................................................................  
 
- goodwill ..................................................................................................  
4,182 
4,055 
Tax assets ..................................................................................................  
15,805 
15,467 
a) current ..................................................................................................  
2,139 
1,716 
b) deferred ................................................................................................  
13,666 
13,751 
 
 
 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations ..................  
2,593 
494 
Other assets ...............................................................................................  
8,761 
7,988 
 
 
Total Assets..............................................................................................  
858,648 
816,102

--- Page 136 ---
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30.06.2020 
 
 
30.06.2020 
31.12.2019 
 
Unaudited 
Audited 7 
 
(in millions of €) 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ......................................  
536,565 
519,382 
a) due to banks .........................................................................................  
108,606 
103,324 
b) due to customers ..................................................................................  
349,842 
331,181 
c) securities issued ...................................................................................  
78,117 
84,877 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at 
amortised cost pursuant to IAS 39 ...........................................................  
1,779 
826 
Financial liabilities held for trading .........................................................  
55,132 
45,226 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value .............................................  
2,060 
4 
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair 
value pursuant to IAS 39..........................................................................  
72,860 
75,935 
Hedging derivatives .................................................................................  
12,625 
9,288 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) .........  
776 
527 
Tax liabilities ...........................................................................................  
2,204 
2,321 
a) current .................................................................................................  
350 
455 
b) deferred ................................................................................................  
1,854 
1,866 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operations ...........................................................................  
2,381 
41 
Other liabilities ........................................................................................  
18,949 
12,070 
Employee termination indemnities ..........................................................  
1,073 
1,134 
Allowances for risks and charges.............................................................  
3,491 
3,997 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
517 
482 
b) post employment benefits .....................................................................  
225 
232 
c) other allowances for risks and charges ...............................................  
2,749 
3,283 
Technical reserves ....................................................................................  
89,950 
89,136 
Valuation reserves ....................................................................................  
-1,441 
-157 
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies ............................  
403 
504 
Redeemable shares ...................................................................................  
-  
-  
Equity instruments ...................................................................................  
5,549 
4,103 
Reserves ...................................................................................................  
17,428 
13,279 
Share premium reserve ............................................................................  
25,078 
25,075 
Share capital .............................................................................................  
9,086 
9,086 
Treasury shares (-) ...................................................................................  
-87 
-104 
Minority interests (+/-) .............................................................................  
221 
247 
Net income (loss) (+/-) .............................................................................  
2,566 
4,182 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity ..........................................  
858,648 
816,102

--- Page 137 ---
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30.06.2020 
The half-yearly financial information below includes comparative figures as at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2019. 
 
First six 
months of 
2020 
First six 
months of 
2019 
Unaudited 
Unaudited 
(in millions of €) 
 
 
Interest and similar income ......................................................................  
4,747 
5,141 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate 
method ......................................................................................................  
4,928 
5,309 
Interest and similar expense .....................................................................  
-1,272 
-1,661 
Interest margin .......................................................................................  
3,475 
3,480 
Fee and commission income ....................................................................  
4,507 
4,605 
Fee and commission expense ...................................................................  
-1,083 
-1,011 
Net fee and commission income ............................................................  
3,424 
3,594 
Dividend and similar income ...................................................................  
60 
81 
Profits (Losses) on trading .......................................................................  
305 
319 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting ............................................  
-12 
-39 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of ..........................................  
798 
814 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost .......................................  
-29 
90 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ......................................................................................................  
620 
628 
c) financial liabilities ...............................................................................  
207 
96 
 
 
 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss ......................................................................  
109 
15 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value .......................  
141 
-70 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value .................  
-32 
85 
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance 
companies pursuant to IAS 39 .................................................................  
1,413 
2,009 
Net interest and other banking income ................................................  
9,572 
10,273 
Net losses / recoveries for credit risks associated with ............................  
-1,718 
-1,005 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost .......................................  
-1,697 
-990 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ......................................................................................................  
-21 
-15 
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to 
IAS39 .......................................................................................................  
-35 
-4 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-8 
-2 
Net income from banking activities ......................................................  
7,811 
9,262 
Net insurance premiums ..........................................................................  
4,461 
4,763 
Other net insurance income (expense) .....................................................  
-5,077 
-6,086 
Net income from banking and insurance activities .............................  
7,195 
7,939 
Administrative expenses ..........................................................................  
-4,685 
-4,746 
a) personnel expenses ..............................................................................  
-2,743 
-2,830 
b) other administrative expenses .............................................................  
-1,942 
-1,916

--- Page 138 ---
First six 
months of 
2020 
First six 
months of 
2019 
Unaudited 
Unaudited 
(in millions of €) 
 
 
Net provisions for risks and charges ........................................................  
-101 
-2 
a) commitments and guarantees given .....................................................  
-39 
39 
b) other net provisions 
-62 
-41 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment ....................  
-256 
-259 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets ................................  
-365 
-324 
Other operating expenses (income) .........................................................  
331 
420 
Operating expenses ................................................................................  
-5,076 
-4,911 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to 
joint control ..............................................................................................  
-33 
27 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets 
measured at fair value ..............................................................................  
-  
-  
Goodwill impairment ...............................................................................  
-  
-  
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments .............................................  
5 
1 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations ........................  
2,091 
3,056 
Taxes on income from continuing operations ..........................................  
-668 
-821 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations ..........................  
1,423 
2,235 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations ............................  
1,136 
30 
Net income (loss) ....................................................................................  
2,559 
2,265 
Minority interests .....................................................................................  
7 
1 
Parent Company's net income (loss) ....................................................  
2,566 
2,266 
Basic EPS – Euro ...................................................................................  
0.15 
0.13 
Diluted EPS – Euro ................................................................................  
0.15 
0.13

--- Page 139 ---
REGULATORY SECTION 
Changes in regulatory framework 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the 
Italian Securities and Exchange Commission (CONSOB), the European Central Bank (the ECB) and 
the European System of Central Banks and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB). Certain entities within the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are also subject to supervision by the 
Italian Institute for the Supervision of Insurance and the Issuer is also subject to rules applicable to it as 
an issuer of shares listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. The banking laws to which the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the 
safety and soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling 
practices. New acts of legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the European Union 
that may affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, including proposed regulatory initiatives that could 
significantly alter the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
Basel Committee).   
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory 
framework being implemented at the European Union level, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has in place 
specific procedures and internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital 
adequacy, the prevention and detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency 
and fairness in customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of 
these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, 
which could adversely affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s results of operations, business and financial 
condition. In addition, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only 
been recently approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being 
developed. 
The CRD IV Package 
The Basel III framework began to be implemented in the EU from 1 January 2014 through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD 
IV) and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the CRR and together with the 
CRD IV, the CRD IV Package). Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313. The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRRII) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 ("CRD V"). 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period 
of time (the requirements have been largely fully effective by 2019 and some minor transitional 
provisions provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the EU Banking 
Reform Package (as defined below) are provided in the paragraph “Revisions to the CRD IV Package” 
below. 
In Italy the CRD IV has been implemented by Legislative Decree no. 72 of 12 May 2015 which impacts, 
inter alia, on: 
(a) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions' holdings, shareholders and members of the 
management body requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 CRD IV);

--- Page 140 ---
(b) 
competent authorities' powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 102 and 104 
CRD IV); 
(c) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, 
Article 71 CRD IV); and 
(d) 
administrative penalties and measures (Articles 64 and 65 CRD IV). 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 
(Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the Circular No. 285)) which came into 
force on 1 January 2014, and has been amended over time in order to implement, inter alia,  the CRD 
IV Package and set out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised at EU level. 
Circular No. 285 has been constantly supdate after its first issue, the last update being the 34th update 
published on 22 September 2020. The CRD IV Package has also been supplemented in Italy by technical 
standards and guidelines relating to the CRD IV and the CRR finalized by the European Supervisory 
Authorities (ESAs), mainly the EBA and ESMA, and delegated regulations of the European 
Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following own 
funds requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio 
of 6%; and (iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8%. According to Articles from 129 to 132 of CRD IV, these 
minimum ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 capital, 
reported below as applicable with reference to 31 december 2019: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of 
the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285, as amended in October 
2016); 
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer (CCyB): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 
2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other 
Member States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent 
authority considers that the conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction 
from 1 January 2016 and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national 
authorities judge the credit growth excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, 
Title II, Chapter I, Section III of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to 
maintain, the CCyB (relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for the fourth 
quarter of 2020; 
• 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks (G-SIBs): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer ranging from 1.0% to 3.5% determined according to specific indicators (size, 
interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the services provided, global cross border activity and 
complexity); to be phased in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and 
Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285) becoming fully effective on 1 January 
2019. Based on the most recently updated list of globally systemically important institutions (G-
SIIs) published by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) on 1 November 2020, neither the Issuer 
(nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they do not need to 
comply with a G-SIB capital buffer requirement (or leverage ratio buffer); and 
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level (O-SIIs): (the category 
to which Intesa Sanpaolo currently belongs): up to 2.0% as set by the relevant competent 
authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent 
to the financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, Chapter 1, Section 
IV of Circular No. 285. Recently, the Bank of Italy identified Intesa Sanpaolo Group as an O-SII 
authorised to operate in Italy in 2020, and has imposed on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group a capital

--- Page 141 ---
buffer for O-SII of 0.75%, to be achieved according to a transitional period, as follows: 0.56% 
from 1 January 2020, 0.75% from 1 January 2021 and at 0.75% from 1 January 2022. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV each Member State may 
introduce a systemic risk buffer in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or 
macro-prudential risks not covered by the CRD IV Package. The Italian authorities have not introduced 
such a measure to date.   
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above (the Combined Buffer 
Requirement) may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum 
Distributable Amounts (MDA) and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or 
take remedial action (Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV).  
As part of the CRD IV Package transitional arrangements, as implemented by Circular No. 285, 
regulatory capital recognition of outstanding instruments which qualified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
instruments under the framework which the CRD IV Package has replaced that no longer meet the 
minimum criteria under the CRD IV Package are gradually being phased out. Fixing the base at the 
nominal amount of such instruments outstanding on 1 January 2013, their recognition was capped at 
80% in 2014, with this cap decreasing by 10% in each subsequent year (see, in particular, Part Two, 
Chapter 14, Section 2 of Circular No. 285).  
The CRD IV Package also introduced a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the LCR). This is a stress liquidity 
measure based on modelled 30-day outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 
October 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit 
institutions (the LCR Delegated Act) was adopted in October 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union in January 2015. On 10 October 2018, amendments to the LCR 
Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2018/1620 of 13 July 2018) and has applied as of April 2020. Most of these amendments are related to 
the entry into force of the new securitisation framework on 1 January 2019. The Net Stable Funding 
Ratio (NSFR) is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer time 
horizon (one year) by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of 
funding on an on-going basis. The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published 
in June 2019 and will apply from June 2021.   
Revisions to the CRD IV Package  
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to 
further strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the EU Banking Reform Package). 
The EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, 
the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals were agreed by 
the European Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission and were published in 
the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019, entering into force 20 days after, even though most of 
the provisions will apply as of 2 years from the entry into force, i.e. after the 28 June 2021, allowing 
for a smooth implementation of the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(a) 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk;  
(b) 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement, 
pending the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the of the FRTB (as defined 
below) published in January 2019 by the BCBS and the application of own funds requirements 
as of 1 January 2023;

--- Page 142 ---
(c) 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a 
backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution’s Tier 1 capital;  
(d) 
a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance 
their long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding 
(liabilities) in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the 
amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities 
and regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. 
The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating 
that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year 
period under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at 
individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless competent authorities 
waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis of two years after the date of entry 
into force of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(e) 
changes to the the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(f) 
improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the “EU Banking Reform Package” regarding the banking 
sector have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the 
amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, 
the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards 
exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments proposed better 
align the current regulatory framework to international developments in order to promote consistency 
and comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II will be applicable from 28 June 
2021, excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD 
V and BRRD 2 shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions 
which will be applicable subsequently (please see below).  
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded 
the review process of the standardised models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and 
market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of 
internal models and introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital 
requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5% of 
those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency 
and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally 
revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in 
December 2017. Prior to becoming binding on the European banking system, the European 
Commission, which conducted a public consultation (closed on 3 January 2020) is assessing the 
potential impacts on the European economy. It is expected that the future legislative proposal (CRR 
III), which should incorporate these new standards into EU legislation, will be published in the first 
half of 2021. Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative 
process (European Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented 
in the Union, these regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could 
determine changes in the capital calculation and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out 
by the European Banking Authority (EBA), published in December 2019 upon request of the European 
Commission, shows that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase 
minimum capital requirements (MCR) by 23.6%, resulting in a current capital deficit of €124 billion.

--- Page 143 ---
On 21 August 2020, the EBA has been requested by the European Commission to update further its 
figured and published the new impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is presented 
under two implementation scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the previous CfA 
reports; the second one considers the additional features requested by the European Commission in its 
CfA, i.e. applying theSME supporting factors on top of the Basel SME preferential risk weight 
treatment;maintaining EU CVA exemptions;exercising the jurisdictional discretion contemplated in the 
BaselIII framework to exclude the bank-specific historical loss component from the calculation of the 
capital for operational risk (ILM=1). Under the BaselIII scenario, the steady-state implementation of 
the overall reform scheduled for January2028 could increase the minimum required capital (MRC) 
amount, which includes Pillar2 requirements and EU-specific buffers, by +18.5% with respect to the 
December2019 baseline. Under the EU-specific scenario, steady-state implementation of the final 
BaselIII framework (i.e. 2028) could increasethe MRC amount by +13.1% with respect to the 
December2019 baseline.. 
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements 
for market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (ITS) introduced uniform reporting templates, the 
template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT 
solutions for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a 
reporting requirement. The ITS are expected to apply from September 2021. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework  
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III 
framework (known informally as Basel IV). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, 
including:  
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB 
approach and the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used.   
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution’s operational risk charge, which will be 
calculated only by using a new standardised approach;  
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and  
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution’s total risk weighted assets 
(RWA) generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the 
standardised approach.  
According to the the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 
2022, with the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 
72.5% as of 1 January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested 
implementation date for the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB to January 2022 to allow 
it to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the implementation date with the other 
Basel IV reforms.  
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector  
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV and 
the EU Banking Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of finalisation,

--- Page 144 ---
which represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have the potential to impact 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s business and operations. These initiatives include, amongst others, a 
revised EU securitisation framework. On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the Securitisation Regulation) which it entered into force in January 
2019, while a number of underlying regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the 
EBA and European Securities and Markets Authority are being adopted. The Securitisation Regulation 
introduced changes to the existing securitisation framework in relation to the nature of the risk retention 
obligation and due diligence requirements, the introduction of an adverse selection test for certain assets 
and a new framework for so-called "simple transparent and standardised securitisations" which will 
receive preferential capital treatment subject to a number of conditions.  On 9 November 2015 the 
Financial Stability Board (FSB) published its final Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) Principles 
and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs maintain significant minimum amounts of liabilities that are 
subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to liabilities excluded from TLAC, such as guaranteed 
insured deposits, derivatives, etc. and which forms a new standard for G-SIBs. The TLAC Principles 
and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of G-SIBs 
in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in the form of an internationally 
agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum TLAC requirement for each 
G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) and 18% of RWA (as of 1 January 
2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement (as of 1 January 2019), and 6.75 % 
(as of 1 January 2022). Liabilities that are eligible for TLAC include capital instruments and instruments 
that are contractually, statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain "excluded liabilities" (including 
insured deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down or converted into equity by 
relevant authorities) in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of compensation claims or 
successful legal challenges.   
With a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking Reform 
Package and the BRRD2 (as defined below) introduces minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (MREL) applicable to G-SIIs (global systematically important institutions) with the 
TLAC standard and to allow resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require 
that G-SIIs comply with a supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis 
of a given G-SII. Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has been identified 
as a G-SIB in the 2019 list of global systematically important banks published by the FSB on 11 
November 2020.  
The BRRD2 includes important changes as it introduces a new category of banks, so called top-tier 
banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group 
whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion (please see below). ISP is a top-tier bank for this purpose.At 
the same time, the BRRD2 introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as 
a Pillar 1 MREL requirement) which applies to G-SIIs and also top-tier banks. In addition, resolution 
authorities will be able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top-tier 
banks comply with a supplementary MREL requirement (a Pillar 2 MREL requirement). A 
subordination requirement is also generally required for MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD2, but 
exceptions apply.   
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, 
the BRRD2 provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its 
MREL requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would 
otherwise be counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, BRRD2 envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments, senior management of the bank and 
employees take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement.

--- Page 145 ---
On 12 March 2018, the European Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds 
(the CB Directive Proposal) laying down the conditions that these bonds have to respect in order to be 
recognised under EU law and a proposal for amendments to art. 129 of the CRR, concerning the 
prudential treatment of covered bonds. The CB Directive Proposal together with amendments to art 129 
of the CRR have been approved and published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019. Member 
States have 18 months to implement the directive. For further details, please see “Covered Bond 
Legislative Package” below. 
At national level, on 14 June 2018, the Bank of Italy issued for consultation a revision of the Circular 
No. 285 to anticipate, in part, the provisions of the CB Directive Proposal. On 1 October 2018, the 
amendment no. 23 of 25 September 2018 to the Circular no. 285 entered into force, which revises the 
rules regarding covered bonds in order to allow smaller banking institutions to issue them. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions (the SSM Regulation) for the establishment of a single supervisory 
mechanism (the Single Supervisory Mechanism or SSM). The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, in 
conjunction with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, 
with direct supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. 
"Banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of 
its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its 
total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds  20%; (ii) is one of the three most 
significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, 
direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism 
and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking 
subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent 
a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group 
pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 
16 April 2014 (the SSM Framework Regulation) and, as such, are subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo 
and its subsidiaries, for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, 
money laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB 
is exclusively responsible for the prudential supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which includes, inter 
alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of 
holdings; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking 
rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the 
conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and 
internal capital adequacy assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the 
viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise 
options and discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group.  
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the BRRD) entered 
into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity

--- Page 146 ---
of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an 
institution's failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and 
powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers 
that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and 
(c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities 
to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge 
institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
"bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) 
asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned 
asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through 
eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only) and 
(iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other 
instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible 
into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing 
interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the general bail-in tool). Such shares or other 
instruments of ownership could also be subject to any exercise of such powers by a resolution authority 
under the BRRD.  
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership at the point of 
non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss absorption). Any 
shares or other instruments of ownership issued upon any such conversion into shares or other 
instruments of ownership may also be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool.The point of 
non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution 
meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution 
or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down/converted 
or extraordinary public support is to be provided.  
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments issued 
by an institution under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the 
date on which the interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) 
and to restrict the termination rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a 
Member State, after having assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent 
possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial 
support through additional financial stabilisation tools. Resolution authorities may provide public 
equity support to an institution and/or take the institution into public ownership. Such measures must 
be taken in accordance with the EU state aid framework and will require a contribution to loss 
absorption from shareholders and creditors via write-down, conversion or otherwise, in an amount equal 
to at least 8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support 
to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of 
newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In 
the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond 
holders contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
The BRRD requires all EU Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund (reaching a 
level of at least 1 % of covered deposits by 2024). The national resolution fund for Italy was created by 
the Bank of Italy on 18 November 2015 in accordance with Article 78 of Legislative Decree No. 
180/2015 implementing the BRRD (the National Resolution Fund) and required both ordinary and

--- Page 147 ---
extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and investment firms, including the Issuer. In 
the Eurozone, the national resolution funds set up under the BRRD were replaced by the Single 
Resolution Fund in the relevant Member State (the SRF or the Fund), set up under the control of the 
SRB, as of 1 January 2016 and the national resolution funds are being pooled together gradually. The 
SRF is intended to ensure the availability of funding support while a bank is resolved and will contribute 
to resolution if, and only after, at least 8 % of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank have 
been subject to bail-in. The SRF is expected to reach a target of around €60 billion (the basis being 1 
per cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the Eurozone). Once this target level is 
reached, in principle, institutions will have to contribute only if the resources of the SRF are used up in 
order to deal with resolution action taken by the relevant authorities. The BRRD has been implemented 
in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative 
Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the BRRD Decrees), both of which were published in 
the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 
180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the provisions of BRRD relating to resolution actions, 
while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Law (Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1 September 1993, as amended) and deals principally with recovery plans, early intervention and 
changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Decrees entered into force on 16 November 2015, save 
that: (i) the bail-in tool applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a "depositor preference" granted for 
deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals 
and SME's applied from 1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution 
authorities may not exercise the bail-in powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds 
or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation 
to any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that 
exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD 
specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally.  
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 
44(2)(g) of the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to 
employees benefit from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior 
unsecured creditors in the context of liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that 
Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such that deposits of natural persons and 
micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit 
guarantee schemes created pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings 
which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. 
In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national 
insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, 
unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor 
hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution as well as 
compulsory liquidation procedures by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than 
those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will 
benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower 
than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee 
scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission 
agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the was amended 
by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and publish relevant laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the amendment to the creditor 
hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new class of so called "senior non-preferred 
debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has been implemented with 
the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the Consolidated Banking Act.

--- Page 148 ---
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory 
rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any 
creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary.  
The BRRD also established that institutions shall meet, at all times, their MREL requirement. Under 
Article 45 of the BRRD, MREL is to be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities 
expressed as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework  
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD2). BRRD2 provides that Member States are 
required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements 
relating to the implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional 
period for full compliance with MREL requirements. is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim 
targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022.The EU Banking Reform Package includes, 
amongst other things:  
(a) 
full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, 
the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions;  
(b) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities 
that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion; 
(c) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and  
(d) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in.  
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD2 will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the Regulation establishing the Single 
Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism 
(the SRM Regulation) entered into force. The SRM Regulation became operational on 1 January 2016. 
There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans 
and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered 
into force on 1 January 2015. The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the EU Banking 
Reform Package in June 2019. The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined above), 
applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, 
there will be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of 
banks being supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD2 
described above, revisions to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to 
change in due course.

--- Page 149 ---
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce non-performing exposures within 
adequate levels, worth mentioning the followings: 
 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to 
the Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL 
guidance contains recommendations and lays out the bank’s approach, processes and objectives 
regarding the effective management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all non-performing 
exposures (NPEs), as well as foreclosed assets, and also touches on performing exposures with an 
elevated risk of turning non-performing, such as “watch-list” exposures and performing forborne 
exposures. According to the guidance, the banks need to establish a strategy to optimize their 
management of NPLs based on a self assessment of the internal capabilities to effectively manage; 
the external conditions and operating environment; and the impaired portfolios specifications. 
 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out 
supervisory expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to 
nonperforming exposures (NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the ECB Addendum). In addition, the ECB's 
bank-specific supervisory expectations for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 
2018), was set out in its 2018 supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) letters and the ECB 
will discuss any divergences from these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part 
of future SREP exercises. 
 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB has decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential 
provisioning of new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the 
adoption of Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) as regards 
minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures was published in the Official Journal of the 
EU on 25 April 2019, known as the “Pillar 1 backstop Regulation”, that introduce Pillar 1 provisioning  
requirements, following principles similar to those already guiding the finalisation of the ECB 
Addendum. 
 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, 
the European Commission’s requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). Therefore, the above mentioned 
guidelines result in three “buckets” of NPEs based on the date of the exposure’s origination and the 
date of NPE’s classification: 
 
• 
Loans classified as NPEs before 31 March 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets 
for unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in 
paths as communicated in SREP letters; 
 
• 
Loans originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows) and classified as NPEs after 31 
March 2018: 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable 
property/secured by immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or 
insured by an official export credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage 
expectation of 100% is applicable to export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE 
status; 
 
• 
Loans originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows) and classified as NPEs: 
3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by 
immovable property, progressive path to 100%.  NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official export 
credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% is applicable to 
export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status.

--- Page 150 ---
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published 
by he European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four 
policy actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the 
development of secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. An 
updated Action Plan will be published in December 2020 
 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 31 
October 2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and 
frameworks in place to manage effectively their non-performing exposures (NPEs) and to 
substantially reduce the presence of NPEs in the financial statements. Only for significant credit 
institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5%, EBA asked to introduce specific strategies, in order to 
achieve a reduction of NPEs, and governance and operational requirements to support them. 
 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 17 
December 2018: in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced disclosure 
requirements and uniform disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' public disclosure of 
information regarding nonperforming exposures, forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-
performing exposures where loans were originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction from 
own funds where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The 
Regulation purpose is to encourage a timely and proactive management of the NPEs. Loans are 
divided in vintage buckets of 3/7/9 years and a progressive coverage path is applied for each bucket. 
A 100% coverage is applicable to: (i) unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification 
as NPE, (ii) exposures secured by immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible 
protection provider as defined in CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as NPE. 
 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by EBA 
on 23 October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 
(Securitisation Regulation) to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints 
imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose 
of NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the Commission, the EBA outlines the fact that the 
securitisations can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and 
larger rate than otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations’ 
structure in tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse 
investor pool with a different Risk Appetite. The European Commission tabled a legislative proposal 
on 24 July 2020, on the basis of the EBA Opinion and the BCBS draft technical amendment for the 
capital treatment of the securitisation of NPEs (please see below). The BCBS published its final 
technical amendment on 26 Novemeber 2020 and the EU legislative procedure is expected to be 
completed by the end of 2020. 
 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
In recent months, European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the 
banking and financial market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between ABI and the Business 
Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was extended to loans granted until 
31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized companies 
affected by COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments may be requested 
to be suspended for up to one year. The suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans 
(mortgages), including those concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, and to property or

--- Page 151 ---
business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the suspension concerns the implicit capital 
instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement entered into with the consumer 
associations, the moratorium was extended to credit to households, including the suspension of the 
principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and unsecured loans repayable in instalments. 
 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial  
markets, issued 4 recommendations on the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) 
market disclosure, (3) financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
 
Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be ready 
to apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory obligations. 
 
Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in 
accordance with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), as 
a disclosure obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which issuers 
are required to disclose to the public without delay any inside information directly concerning them. 
 
Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and 
potential impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative 
assessment on their business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 
year-end financial report if these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial 
reporting disclosures. 
 
Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements on 
risk management and to react accordingly.  
 
The European Central Bank (ECB), at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided 
to adopt a comprehensive set of monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, 
safeguarding liquidity conditions in the banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer-
term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, protecting the continued flow of credit to the real 
economy through a fundamental recalibration of targeted longer-term refinancing operations 
(TLTROs); and, third, preventing financing conditions for the economy tightening in a pro-cyclical 
way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP). 
 
As regards LTROs these will be carried out through a fixed rate tender procedure with full allotment. 
They will be priced very attractively, with an interest rate that is equal to the average rate on the 
deposit facility of ECB. These new LTROs will provide liquidity on favourable terms to bridge the 
period until the TLTRO III operation in June 2020. 
 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms 
during the period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that 
time. Throughout this period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 25 basis points 
below the average rate applied in the Eurosystem’s main refinancing operations. 
 
Lastly, the Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset 
purchases of  €120 billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private 
sector purchase programmes. 
 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM), 
published the first supervisory response to provide banks with a temporary capital and operational 
relief. According to the ECB statements: i) banks are allowed to operate temporarily below the level 
of capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the 
liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) the 
ECB encourages also national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical capital buffer

--- Page 152 ---
(CCyB); iii) banks are allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common 
Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 
(AT1) or Tier 2 instruments; iv) banks will discuss with the ECB further individual measures, such 
as modified timetables, processes and deadlines (e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); v) 
flexibility will be granted for the application of the ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans 
to adjust to bank’s specific situation due to Covid-19. 
 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological 
emergency due to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) 
has been adopted. The Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the 
ordinary proceeding of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access 
to the guarantee and strengthen the intervention of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the 
possibility of transforming the DTA relating to losses that can be carried forward but not yet deducted 
and to the amount of the ACE notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20% of 
the impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken 
on 12 March 2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly 
supervised banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the 
coronavirus-related economic shock to the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ 
on the measures adopted with the aim of updating it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommends 
to: 
 
• 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by 
extending to them the preferential treatment foreseen in its Guidance for NPLs for loans guaranteed or 
insured; 
 
• 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
 
• 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting 
issues due to the Covid-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and 
Governments to address the situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the 
definition of default (DoD) and forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
 
The EBA statement of 25 March explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation to 
the exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in 
accordance with IFRS 9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of 
the 
prudential framework concerning: 
 
i. 
 the classification of exposures in default; 
 
ii. 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
 
iii. 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures 
 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential 
framework, clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in 
default, (ii) forborne exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting 
Standard - IFRS9, in case of adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by 
national governments.

--- Page 153 ---
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and 
related disclosure requirements, in particular, as regards, the suspension (or deferral) of payments 
established for credit agreements (e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) under the principles set forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a 
Public Statement addressing the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly financial 
reports of listed issuers (the Public Statement). The Public Statement provided recommendations on 
areas of focus identified by ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance of providing relevant and 
reliable information, which may require issuers to make use of the time allowed by national law to 
publish half-yearly financial reports while not unduly delaying the timing of publication; ii) the 
importance of updating the information included in the latest annual accounts to adequately inform 
stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in particular in relation to significant uncertainties and 
risks, going concern, impairment of non-financial assets and presentation in the statement of profit or 
loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information on the past and expected future impact of 
COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, performance of issuers as well as any 
mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the pandemic. The Public Statement was 
conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other interim periods when IAS 34 Interim 
Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, administrative and supervisory bodies, 
including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, their auditors, to take due consideration 
of the recommendations included within the statement. 
 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and 
Heads of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity 
of banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the 
impact of the Covid19 on the global banking system. 
 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline 
of the outstanding Basel III standards: 
 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 
2018 has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant 
banks to refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders 
for the duration of the economic shock related to COVID-19. ECB has decided to extend the 
recommendation on dividends until 1 January 2021 with the New recommendation BCE/2020/35 that 
repeals Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of March 27. 
 
On 1 April 2020, the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the 
Expected Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done 
before, for applying the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate 
the First Time Application (FTA) capital impact of the new accounting principle. 
 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by 
legislative and non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged 
that Member States have implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the

--- Page 154 ---
medium- and long-term economic impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In light of this, the EBA Guidelines clarify several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do 
not automatically trigger the classification as forborne or distressed restructuring if the measures taken 
are based on the applicable national law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and 
applied broadly by the relevant credit institutions. In June 2020, the EBA further extended the 
application date of its Guidelines by three months, from until 30 September 2020, and on the 21 
September, communicated its phasing-out. However, on 2 December 2020 the Guidelines were 
reactivated until 31 March 2021.  
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity Decree) was 
issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, 
in addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of 
the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by 
redrawing its rules for  accessing,by including also companies with no more than 499 employees and 
professionals, as well as increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 
49 of the Cura Italia Decree (provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the 
Liquidity Decree makes further exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, 
which will be applicable until 31 December 2020. 
 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR 
to ease banking activity during the Covid-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households 
and businesses.. 
 
The Commission proposed exceptional temporary measures to mitigate the immediate impact of 
coronavirus-related developments, which imply: 
 
• 
a revision of transitional arrangements for the application of IFRS 9, adopted in the CRR II to 
mitigate its impact on banks’ capital (IFRS9); 
 
• 
preferential treatment for NPLs secured by public guarantees issued as a measure to address 
the COVID-19 crisis, for the purpose of the application of the prudential provisioning in line with the 
Regulation (EC) 630/2109; 
 
• 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the 
leverage ratio of systemic banks (“G-SIB buffer”); 
 
• 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio, 
as of June 2021. 
 
The Commission also proposed to advance by one year (as of 28 June 2020) the date of application 
of certain measures agreed in CRR II, i.e. the SMEs (Art. 501) and Infrastructure supporting factors 
(art.501a), as well as the preferential treatment of loans backed by pensions or salaries (Art. 123).. 
 
The Regulation (EU) 2020/873 was definitely adopted on 24 June and published on the Official Journal 
of the EU on 26 June 2020 and entered into force the day after. During the interinstitutional negotiation 
process additional measures were introduced by the co-legislators (i.e. the European Parliament and the 
Council of the EU), such as the reintroduction of the prudential filter for unrealised gain/losses from 
sovereign exposures valued at FVOCI; the exclusion of overshootings from the calculation of the back-
testing; credit risk and large exposure transitional treatment of euro-denominated public debt issued by 
non-euro Member States.  
On 24th of July 2020 the European Commission also adopted a Capital Markets Recovery Package 
regarding the Securitisation Framework, MIFID II and the Prospectus Regulation. The underlying 
rationale of these proposals is to help financial markets support Europe’s economic recovery from

--- Page 155 ---
the COVID-19 crisis.  The package is currently being under discussion among EU co-legislators and 
is expected to be approved before end 2020. Covered Bond Legislative Package  
In March 2018, the European Commission proposed a dedicated EU legal and regulatory framework 
for covered bonds, consisting of a directive and a regulation (the Covered Bond Legislative Package).  
On 18 December 2019, the Covered Bond Legislative Package was published in the Official Gazette of 
the European Union and the official entry into force of the Covered Bond Legislative Package occurred 
on 7 January 2020 – twenty days after the relevant publication. The Member States have now 18 months 
(after the entry into force) to transpose the directive into national law (indicatively, within July 2021), 
and the transposed law and the regulation will be applied throughout the European Union within the 
following 12 months. 
More in particular, the directive is aimed at providing a common definition of covered bonds, defining 
the structural features of the instrument and identifying the assets that can be considered eligible in the 
pool backing the debt obligations. The directive is also aimed at establishing a special public supervision 
for covered bonds and setting out the rules allowing the use of the ‘European Covered Bonds' label. 
The regulation is aimed at amending the CRR with the purpose of strengthening the conditions for 
granting preferential capital treatment to covered bonds, by adding further requirements. 
On 29 October 2020, the Italian Senate approved the draft European Delegated Law 2019-2020, which 
is aimed – once formally adopted – to delegate the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162. According to the draft European Delegated Law 2019: 
• 
the Bank of Italy will be the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
• 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures; and 
• 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option 
to set for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set 
out under Article 1 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets 
included in the cover pool).

--- Page 156 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BONDS GUARANTOR 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of 
guaranteeing the Covered Bonds. 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. was incorporated in the Republic of Italy as a limited liability company (società 
a responsabilità limitata) incorporated under Article 7-bis of Law 130, with Fiscal Code number and 
registration number with the Milan Register of Enterprises no. 05936150969 (in this respect please see 
the recent updates to Italian law described under the section “Selected Aspects of Italian Law”). 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., with the 60 per cent. of the quota capital of ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l., controls ISP 
CB Pubblico S.r.l. which belongs to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and is subject to the direction and 
coordination (direzione e coordinamento), pursuant to Article 2497-bis of the Italian Civil Code, of 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. was incorporated on 14 November 2007 and its duration shall be until 31 
December 2100. 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. has its registered office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan, Italy and the 
telephone number of the registered office is +39.02.8796.2973 and the fax number is +39.02.8796.3382.  
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. is Euro 120,000.00. 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Covered Bond Guarantor is 8156004F4D1A5845BC74. 
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. is to purchase from banks, against payment, receivables 
and securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, in compliance with Article 7-bis of Law 130 
and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of subordinated loans granted or guaranteed also 
by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered bonds issued by such banks or other 
entities.  
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l., indeed, has granted the Covered Bonds Guarantee to the benefit of the Covered 
Bondholders, of the counterparts of derivatives contracts entered into with the purpose to cover the risks 
inherent the purchased credits and securities and of the counterparts of other ancillary contracts, as well 
as to the benefit of the payment of the other costs of the transaction, with priority in respect of the 
reimbursement of the others loans, pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article 7-bis of Law 130.  
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. can carry out the 
ancillary transactions to be stipulated in view of the performance of the guarantee and the successful 
conclusion of the issue of covered bonds in which it participates or, however, auxiliary to the aim of its 
purpose, as well as the re-investment in other financial activities of the assets deriving from the 
management of the credits and the securities purchased, but not immediately invested for the 
satisfaction of the Covered Bondholders’ rights. 
Since the date of its incorporation, ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. has not engaged in any business other than 
the purchase of the Portfolio and the entering into of the Transaction Documents and other ancillary 
documents. 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. shall not, without the 
consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed 
moneys or engage in any business (other than acquiring and holding the assets backing the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee, assuming the Subordinated Loan, issuing the Covered Bonds Guarantee and entering

--- Page 157 ---
into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party), pay any dividends, repay or otherwise return 
any equity capital, have any subsidiaries, employees or premises, consolidate or merge with any other 
person or convey or transfer its property or assets to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in the 
Conditions or the Intercreditor Agreement) or guarantee any additional quota. 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The directors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are: 
 
Director 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Paola Fandella 
Chairman 
Professor of banking, finance and 
securities 
markets; 
Università 
Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, Milan; 
Director 
of 
the 
Master 
in 
management 
of 
museum 
and 
cultural 
activities; 
Università 
Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, Milan. 
Vanessa Gemmo 
Director 
Professor of Organization Science and 
Information 
Systems 
at 
IULM 
University, Department of Business, 
Law, 
Economics 
and 
Consumer 
Behaviour, Milan. 
Roberta Crespi 
Director 
Associate Professor of economics and 
management company - Faculty of 
Economics - Università Cattolica del 
Sacro Cuore of Milan; 
Director of EMLUX - Executive Master 
in Luxury Goods Management - 
Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, 
Milan; 
 
The statutory auditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are:

--- Page 158 ---
Statutory Auditor 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Nicola Bruni 
Chairman 
• Professor of Economics of Securities 
Market - Faculty of Economics- 
Università degli Studi of Bari Aldo 
Moro; 
• Chairman of the Statutory Auditors in 
UnipolRec S.p.A.; 
• Chairman of the Statutory Auditors in 
Compagnia 
Assicuratrice 
Linear 
S.p.A.; 
• Chairman of the Statutory Auditors in 
Alfaevolution Technology S.p.A.; 
• Chairman of the Statutory auditors in 
Unipol Reoco S.p.A.; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Incontra 
Assicurazioni S.p.A.; 
• Chairman of the Statutory auditors in 
Pronto Assistance S.p.A.; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Manucor 
S.p.A. 
• Chairman of the Statutory auditors in 
Unipol Rental S.p.A. 
• Chairman of the Statutory auditors in 
Centri Medici Dyadea S.r.l. 
Giuseppe Dalla Costa  
Statutory auditor (regular) 
 
• Chartered accountant and auditor; 
• Statutory 
auditor 
(regular) 
in 
Fidicomet; 
• Statutory 
auditor 
(regular) 
in 
Ebilforma, 
• Statutory 
auditor 
(regular) 
in 
Promo.Ter Unione – Ente per la 
Promozione 
E 
Sviluppo 
del 
Commercio,

--- Page 159 ---
Statutory Auditor 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Elena Fornara 
Statutory auditor (regular) 
• Chartered accountant and auditor; 
• Adjunt Professor School of Economics 
C. Cattaneo University – LIUC, 
Castellanza (Varese); 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Sicit 
Group S.p.A.; 
• Chairman of the Statutory auditors in 
Sicit Chemitech S.p.A.; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Lactalis 
Italia S.r.l.; 
• Statutory auditor (single) Italatte S.r.l.; 
• Statutory auditor (single) BPA Italia 
S.r.l.; 
• Statutory auditor (single) Fineurop 
Partecipazioni S.r.l.; 
• Statutory auditor (single) PromoSprint 
Holding S.r.l.; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Adriano 
Lease Sec S.r.l.; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Brera Sec 
S.r.l.;  
• Statutory auditor (regular) Clara SEC 
S.r.l.; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) Apulia 
Finance n. 4 S.r.l. 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Raimondi 
Cranes S.p.A. 
• Member of the Supervisory Board 
(ODV) Interpump Hydraulics S.p.A. 
• Member of the Supervisory Board 
(ODV) Stoccaggi Gas Italia S.p.A.; 
• Member of the Supervisory Board 
(ODV) GNL Italia S.p.A. 
Renzo Mauri 
Statutory 
auditor 
(alternate) 
• Sole director and owner in MA Service 
S.r.l.

--- Page 160 ---
Statutory Auditor 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Claudia Motta 
Statutory 
auditor 
(alternate) 
• Chartered accountant and auditor; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Grafiche 
Seven S.p.A; 
• Statutory auditor (regular) in Pietra 
S.r.l.; 
•  Chairman of the Board of Directors in 
Nuova Im.com S.r.l.; 
• Managing Director of Servizi a 
Supporto S.r.l.; 
• Liquidator in TESER S.r.l. (into 
liquidation). 
 
 
 
All the statutory auditors are registered with the Register of the Statutory Auditors (Registro dei Revisori 
Legali). 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors is 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l., Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan. 
Conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private interest 
or other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The quotaholders of ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. (hereafter together the “Quotaholders”) are as follows: 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
60 per cent. of the quota capital; 
Stichting Viridis 2 
40 per cent. of the quota capital. 
Intesa Sanpaolo, with the 60 per cent. of the quota capital controls ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l., which belongs 
to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. In order to avoid any abuse, certain mitigants have been inserted in the 
Quotaholders’ Agreement, as better described in the following Paragraph.  
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains inter alia a call option in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo to purchase 
from Stichting Viridis 2 and a put option in favour of Stichting Viridis 2 to sell to Intesa Sanpaolo, the 
quota of ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. held by Stichting Viridis 2 and provisions in relation to the management 
of the Covered Bonds Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from the day on which all the 
Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled.

--- Page 161 ---
In addition the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. will 
approve the payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. 
prior to the date on which all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount 
due to the Other Creditors have been paid in full. 
Financial Information concerning the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, 
Financial Position, and Profits and Losses 
The statutory financial statements of ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. as at and for the years ended on 31 
December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and the statutory interim financial statements of the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor for the half-year period ended on 30 June 2020, has been prepared in accordance with 
IAS/IFRS Accounting Standards principles. Such financial statements, together with their respective 
auditors’ reports and the accompanying notes, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
(see Section “Documents incorporated by reference” above). 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 
Quota capital Issued and authorised 
Intesa Sanpaolo has a quota of Euro 72,000 and Stichting Viridis 2 has a quota of Euro 48,000, each 
fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness  
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bonds Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan, in accordance 
with the Subordineted Loan Agreement, at the date of this document, ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. has no 
borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but 
unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or 
guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
Auditors 
On 28 November 2011, the shareholders meeting appointed KPMG S.p.A. to perform the audit of the 
financial statements of the Covered Bonds Guarantor as at and for years 2012 to 2020, pursuant to 
aricles 155 and following of the Financial Law. Copies of the financial statements of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor for each financial year could be inspected and obtained free of charge during usual business 
hours at the specified offices of the Administrative Services Provider and the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent. KPMG S.p.A., is a member of Assirevi, the Italian professional association of auditors and 
KPMG S.p.A. is included in the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministery for Economy and 
Finance – Stage general accounting office, at no. 70623. KPMG S.p.A. address is: Via Vittor Pisani, 
25, 20124 Milan.

--- Page 162 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR  
The BoI OBG Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to 
carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Covered Bonds Guarantee 
and, following the latest amendments to the BoI OBG Regulations introduced by way of inclusion of 
the new Part III, Chapter 3 (Obbigazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, the information to be provided to investors. 
Pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled with 
the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative 
Decree no. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial decree no. 145 of 20 June 2012 and shall be 
independent from the Issuer and any other party to the Programme and from the accounting firm who 
carries out the audit of the Issuer and the Guarator.  
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed to the 
Statutory Auditors Board and the Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into, on or about the Initial Issue Date, with the Issuer and the 
Seller, the Issuer has appointed BDO Italia S.p.A., a società per azioni incorporated under the laws of 
the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code 
and enrolment with the companies register of Milan No. 07722780967, and included in the Register of 
Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office, at 
No. 167911, as asset monitor (the Asset Monitor) in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant 
information from the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning, inter alia, (i) the compliance 
with the issuing criteria set out in BoI OBG Regulations in respect of the issuance of covered bonds, 
(ii) the fulfilment with the eligibility criteria set out under MEF Decree with respect to the Public Assets 
and Integration Assets included in the Portfolio; (iii) the compliance with the limits on the transfer of 
Public Assets and Integration Assets set out under BoI OBG Regulations; (iv) the effectiveness and 
adequacy of the risk protection provided by any swap agreement entered into in the context of the 
Programme; (v) the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the Mandatory Tests and the compliance with the limits set out in MEF Decreee with respect 
to covered bonds issued and the Integration Assets included in the Portfolio as determined in the 
Mandatory Tests; and (vi) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information 
provided to investors pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013. 
The engagement letter is in line with the provisions of the BoI OBG Regulations in relation to the 
monitoring activity and reports to be prepared on an annual basis and submitted by the Asset Monitor 
also to the Statutory Auditors Board and the Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the 
Issuer to the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, on or about the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset 
Monitor Agreement, as more fully described under "Description of the Transaction Documents — Asset 
Monitor Agreement".

--- Page 163 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
Introduction  
The Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio acquired by the Covered Bonds Guarantor, consists of 
receivables originated by the Seller (or which have been transferred to the Seller by way, for example, 
of the transfer of going concern to the Seller, or in case of Securities or Public Securities, purchased by 
the Seller) and the Additional Seller, if any, sold to the Covered Bonds Guarantor in accordance with 
the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement, as more fully described under Section “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Master Transfer Agreement”.  
In particular, the Portfolio may consist of some or all of the following assets: (i) Loans; and (ii) Public 
Securities. Assets under (i) and (ii) are jointly defined as the Public Assets and, within certain limits, 
Integration Assets (as defined below). The monetary claims arising out of Public Assets and Integration 
Assets (as defined below) are jointly defined as the Receivables.  
Further to the above, the Portfolio may be integrated through the inclusion of Integration Assets in limit 
of the Integration Assets Limit. Integration Assignments (whether through Integration Assets or through 
originally eligible Public Assets) shall be allowed for the purpose of complying with the Tests.  
In accordance with Article 2 paragraph 3, points 2 and 3 of the MEF Decree and the BoI OBG 
Regulations, Integration Assets shall include:  
(i) 
deposits with banks residing in Eligible States;  
(ii) 
securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States with residual maturity not longer than one 
year;  
provided that the assets listed under (i) and (ii) above shall meet the Integration Assets Rating 
Requirements.  
Criteria applicable to the Receivables  
Each of the Receivables forming part of the Portfolio shall comply with all of the following General 
Criteria set out under the Master Transfer Agreement:  
(i) 
Receivables whose debtors or guarantors (pursuant to a “guarantee valid for the purpose of 
credit risk mitigation” (garanzie valide ai fini della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as 
defined by Article 1, paragraph 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree) are (a) public administrations of 
Admitted States, including therein any Ministries, municipalities (enti pubblici territoriali), 
national or local entities and other public bodies, which attract a risk weighting factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - 
standardised approach; (b) public administrations of States other than Admitted States which 
attract a risk weighting factor equal to 0 per cent. under the “Standardised Approach” to credit 
risk measurement, (c) municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying out 
economic activities (organismi pubblici non economici) of States other than Admitted States 
which attract a risk weight factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to Bank of Italy's 
prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; 
(ii) 
Receivables arising out of Loan Agreements which have been fully disbursed or, only in respect 
of the Multi-tranche Agreements, the Receivables arising out from each credit line or tranche 
which have been fully disbursed;

--- Page 164 ---
(iii) 
Receivables in respect of which as of the Cut-off Date (a) there are no amounts due and payable 
to the Seller by the relevant debtors, both as repayment of any instalments and as interest, which 
have not been paid and (b) neither the termination of the Loan Agreement nor the acceleration 
(decadenza dal beneficio del termine) of the payment obligations have been requested or 
declared nor the withdrawal (recesso) has occurred; 
(iv) 
Receivables arising out of fixed rate loans or floating rate loans; 
(v) 
Receivables in respect of which the relevant amortisation plan for principal and interest 
provides that the payments have to occur at or within previously fixed payment dates. 
The term “Loan Agreement” used in these General Criteria is referred to each of the following 
agreements: 
(a) 
loan and financing agreements, including loan agreements for a relevant purpose; 
(b) 
loan and financing agreements “multi-tranche” which provide for disbursement of singles credit 
lines or tranches which differ from each other in the interest rate, the amortisation plan or the 
final reimbursement date (hereinafter, the “Multi-tranche Agreements”); 
(c) 
acknowledgement and consolidation acts or agreements, related to loans disbursed on the basis 
of a credit opened agreement (contratto di apertura di credito) pursuant to article 205-bis of 
the Legislative Decree no. 267 of 18 August 2000 (also denominated master credit opened 
agreement), by means of which are ruled, inter alia, interest rate, amortisation plan and the final 
reimbursement date; 
(d) 
disbursement and receipt acts or agreements (however denominated) – related to loans 
disbursed on the basis of a credit opened agreement (contratto di apertura di credito) (however 
denominated) – by means of which, inter alia, the interest rate, the amortisation plan, the 
disbursement date and the final reimbursement date are ruled; 
(e) 
loan and financing agreements (which provide for, inter alia, an indication of loan amount, 
interest rate, amortisation plan, guarantees, disbursement date and final reimbursement date) 
on the basis of a plafond made available by means of an adjudication of a competitive bid and/or 
the relevant agreement, or by means of a specific loan agreement (convenzione speciale di 
finanziamento) or a treasury agreement (convenzione di tesoreria) (which provide for the 
disbursement of singles loans up to a predetermined maximum amount (id est a plafond); 
(f) 
receivables purchase agreements with predetermined principal and interest reimbursement 
dates or receivables purchase agreements in which the receivables have been settled by means 
of fixing of principal and interest reimbursement dates. 
The term “Receivables” used under points from (i) to (v) of these General Criteria is referred to any 
receivable arising from a Loan Agreement, also, if the case, renegotiated jointly or separately with other 
Loan Agreements or, exclusively with reference to Multi-tranche Agreements, the receivables arising 
from each credit line or tranche which differ from each other in the interest rate, the amortisation plan, 
the disbursement date or the final reimbursement date. 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific Criteria.

--- Page 165 ---
Features of the Securities  
Pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations, the Portfolio can include all such securities that meet the 
following features:  
(a) 
if securities issued or guaranteed by public administrations of the Admitted States, including 
therein any Ministries, municipalities (enti pubblici territoriali), national or local entities and 
other public bodies, attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to Bank 
of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; or  
(b) 
if securities issued or guaranteed by public administrations of States other than Admitted States, 
attract a risk weighting factor equal to 0 per cent. pursuant to Bank of Italy's prudential 
regulations for banks - standardised approach; or  
(c) 
if securities issued or guaranteed by municipalities and national or local public bodies not 
carrying out economic activities (organismi pubblici non economici) of States other than 
Admitted States, attract a risk weight factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to Bank of 
Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; or  
(d) 
asset backed securities issued in the context of securitisation transactions, meeting the 
following requirements:  
(i) 
the relevant securitised receivables comprise, for an amount equal at least to 95 per 
cent., receivables and securities with the features set forth Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. 
a), b) and c) of the MEF Decree; and  
(ii) 
attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to Bank of Italy's 
prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; or  
(e) 
if securities issued by banks, if such banks have their legal office in an Admitted State, or in 
other states, attract a risk weighting factor equal to 0 per cent. pursuant to the Bank of Italy's 
prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach, and such securities have a residual 
maturity no longer than one year.  
The securities set out under paragraphs b) and c) above, added to the receivables in respect of the same 
entities listed in such paragraphs, can be included in the Portfolio within the limit of the 10 per cent. of 
the nominal value of the assets included in the Portfolio.  
The securities set out under paragraph e) above can be included in the Portfolio within the Integration 
Assets Limit.  
The above mentioned characteristics might be subsequently amended on the basis of the amendments 
or integration of the BoI OBG Regulations.

--- Page 166 ---
COLLECTION AND RECOVERY PROCEDURES 
1. 
Collection procedures 
Through its own collection procedure, ISP carries out all the transactions aimed at the collection of the 
amounts due in respect of the loans granted. 
The following collection and invoicing procedures are applied by ISP. 
For loans, liquidity line agreements (short / medium-long term) and revolving, at any payment date, a 
payment notice is sent to the borrower (or to the different entity responsible for the payment) with 
respect to the relevant instalment, and, in the case of pool lending, a notice to the other lenders providing 
for the indication of the relevant quota. For floating rate transactions, prior to the aforesaid payment 
notice a communication of the applicable interest rate is sent. 
Two different procedures for the arrangement and delivery of the payment notice shall be applied, 
depending on the entity in charge of the payment: 
(i) 
Public Administration: the payment notice is arranged and sent manually (by means of 
registered letter) because of the particular nature of the underlying loan transaction. The 
payment notice shall contain a detailed description of the instalment calculation and the 
administrative unit exclusively responsible for the relevant payment. For loans for which a pre-
defined public budget for the repayment of the instalment is provided, the payment notice shall 
contain an indication of the debt still outstanding and of the residual budget. 
The delivery of the payment notice is carried out between 90 and 60 days prior to the relevant 
payment date, in accordance with contractual provisions or the preferences of the entities 
responsible for the payment. 
(ii) 
Other entities: the payment notice is automatically sent through the electronic mail transmission 
service (Systema), about 60 to 45 days prior to the payment date. Contracts which provide for 
specific provisions regarding the timing for the delivery of the payment notice, similar to those 
applied to the Public Administration, are not subject to the procedure described above.  
Failure in delivery or receipt of the payment notice will not relieve the borrower of the payment 
obligation vis-à-vis ISP. 
The collections shall pass through the TARGET 2 system and, if the case may be, on transitory accounts 
to be designated by the Issuer whether the information necessary for the identification of the relevant 
loan/client are expressed in the payment documents, the reconciliation is automatic (fully automatic if 
the amount to be collected is referred to the instalment due in connection with only one transaction; 
partially automatic, if the amount to be collected relates to different instalments due in the context of 
several transactions), except for payment of a considerable amount, to be paid by Ministries through 
the Bank of Italy, or in cases of breach of the instructions provided for the payment to the client, in 
which case the reconciliation is manual.  
At the end of the process, any delay in payment is to be pointed out and, where necessary, the relevant 
recovery procedures will commence. 
2. 
Collections and Transfer Procedures in respect of instalments referred to Loans 
transferred to the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
The instalments relating to Loans transferred to the Covered Bonds Guarantor are collected by ISP 
which, in accordance with the Servicing Agreement, credits the collected sums on the Collection

--- Page 167 ---
Accounts (one for principal amounts and one for interest amounts), in the name of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor. ISP, in accordance with the Servicing Agreement, will provide segregation (even 
accounting) of the Collections and of any other sums received in respect of the Receivables from any 
other amounts collected.  
In particular, at the end of each business day, for all Collections verified through GRMA procedure, 
related to the Receivables transferred to the Covered Bonds Guarantor: 
• 
an accounting record in respect of ISP and the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall automatically be 
prepared; 
• 
the Collections be transferred from ISP to the Covered Bonds Guarantor trough the “cash pooling” 
procedure, which would on a daily basis liquidate the cash flows on these accounts and replicate 
them on the Investment Account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor with Intesa 
Sanpaolo. 
In addition, there are other non standard but frequent types of collections:  
• 
instalment collection with multiple descriptions (contabile multipla); 
• 
collection exceeding the amount of the relevant instalment. 
The former relates to the simultaneous collection of a number of instalments related to several relations 
which ISP may have with the respective transferor. In such cases, ISP shall adopt the ordinary 
management accounting criteria and the first accounting notes will be the same above mentioned. 
For the latter it will be necessary to evaluate, even on the basis of the provisions set forth under the 
Master Transfer Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, whether to credit the exceeding amount to 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor or to hold such amount in favour of ISP that will record a debt towards 
the client. 
In addition, in case of delay by ISP in crediting the Collections, the Covered Bonds Guarantor would 
record penalty interests towards ISP, within the limits and the modalities provided for by the Master 
Transfer Agreement. 
3. 
Loans Renegotiations 
The process of renegotiation of loans towards the Public Administration is applicable to transaction 
arising out of the restructuring pursuant to article 41 of Law no. 448 of 2001, by way of: 
• 
renegotiating the terms of the respective loan; or 
• 
redeeming such loan in advance simultaneously with the granting of a new loan or the issuance of 
certain bonds. 
4. 
Management of loans in arrears or likely to become in arrears 
Constant monitoring of the quality of the loan portfolio is pursued through specific operating activities 
for all the phases of loan management, using both IT procedures and activities aimed at the systematic 
analysis of loans, in order to promptly detect any symptoms of anomaly and promote corrective actions 
aimed at preventing situations of possible deterioration of credit risk.

--- Page 168 ---
Syntoms of the possible deterioration of loans are captured through several indicators (level of risk of 
any debtor and level of risk of the economic group, rating of the relevant borrower, overdrafts, ratio of 
instalments in arrears, etc.). 
On the basis of the monitoring activity mentioned above, the Bank identifies within its portfolio loans 
which, while not yet showing features falling within the definition of “non-performing loans”, require 
special management approaches. These loans still considered as “performing” fall in the categories of 
"Proactive Management ". 
The Proactive Credit management processes is a model for the management of those customers showing 
potential problems, with the aim of addressing the anomalies in a correct and timely manner from the 
very first signs of deterioration, with the involvement of the commercial unit as from the very first 
phases of the process.  
 
The model is based on the following guiding principles: 
 
• 
the responsibility of the branch in the monitoring of positions;  
• 
differentiation of processes according to their regulatory segment; 
• 
the establishment of dedicated structures, both peripheral and central, that intervene in the process 
when the associated risk becomes increasingly serious;  
• 
the streamlining of credit management processes and management statuses, with a consequent 
simplification of the workflow and of activities focused on an effective solution to detected 
anomalies; 
• 
review of intervention criteria to ensure greater efficiency and effectiveness of the new 
processes,anticipating as much as possible the detection of situations that could lead to a 
deterioration of positions; 
• 
review of the interception systems with a view to complete automation of entry and exit from the 
process, reducing subjective evaluations to a minimum; 
• 
the supplement of processes with Early Warning (EW) interception systems to make interception 
increasingly predictive and intervention increasingly anticipatory;  
• 
the use of the ratings to support decision-making. 
Proactive Management process is carried out through specialised structures both at a central (Chief 
Lending Officer Area) and at a peripheral level (Regional Directions for loans pertaining to Banche dei 
Territori Division), with the task of supporting the Network in the management of clients that are 
showing initial signs of difficulty. 
The processes involved in Proactive Credit, which are designed to manage intercepted clients in a 
timely and optimal manner, are differentiated by regulatory segment and are divided into: 
 
• 
Corporate, SME Corporate and SME Retail Processes 
• 
Banking and Non-Banking Financial Institutions Processes  
• 
Retail Process

--- Page 169 ---
The intervention system is guided by an early warning system which, through the collation of a 
series of indicators, enables classification of credit positions according to the counterparty’s state 
of default. The state of impairment of a counterparty is represented/summarised through the 
attribution of a colour (a ‘traffic light’ result). The calculation engine produces six categories: 
 
• 
green 
• 
light green 
• 
orange 
• 
red 
• 
light blue 
• 
dark blue 
 
Counterparties intercepted in the Proactive Credit process are for the Corporate, Banks and Non-
Banking Financial Institutions regulatory segments, counterparties with orange and red traffic lights.  
 
SME Retail, Corporate, Banks and Non-Banking Financial Institutions regulatory segments upon a 
forborne resolution are managed in the Proactive Credit Process with a “Forborne Performing” status. 
 
Management phases 
 
Proactive credit processes are divided into management phases, which in turn are differentiated 
according to process type/client segment. 
 
For Corporate Clients, Corporate SMEs, Retail SMEs, Banks and Non-Banking Financial 
Institutions the process involves: 
 
• 
the “Branch Management” (BF) phase 
• 
the “Branch Management – Non-settled” (BU) phase 
• 
the “Proactive Management” (PM) phase.  
 
1) The “Branch Management” phase is operational for positions intercepted as a result of an EWS 
orange traffic light (criticalities alerted8 for the SME Retail segment only), i.e. counterparties with less 
serious risk alerts.  
This phase involves the intervention of the branch/relationship manager responsible for the commercial 
relationship and consists of verification with the client of the reasons for the intervention with the aim 
of reaching, where possible, an agreement for the regularisation of the position and/or settlement of an 
automatically detected anomaly. 
The phase involves the compilation by the manager of a check list in which the actions taken are entered 
into the system. Each action will be subject to automatic or manual control, with varying frequencies 
depending on the type of action taken. During monitoring, if the action is not fulfilled or is ineffective, 
                                                 
8 Criticalities alerted means an unpaid overdue (back payment) or a current account overrun.

--- Page 170 ---
the manager will be automatically asked to re-analyse the position and again indicate the actions taken 
in consultation with the client. 
This processing phase is referred to as “Branch Management – Non-settled" (BU) and is described in 
greater detail below. 
 In the event of difficulties that cannot be resolved in the short term, or of significant complexity, the 
account manager has the option of requesting an override of the traffic light indicator to a more serious 
category by accelerating the classification to a status of “Proactive Credit” and the attribution of a “red” 
traffic light indicator, with consequent intervention of the specialist Credit Value Management Office. 
In the most serious cases, it is also possible to proceed directly with a request for classification as a non-
performing loan.  
The management phase does not have a minimum duration, but within 30 days of intervention, the 
operator is required to analyse the counterparty and report actions taken to the system by filling in a 
check list.  
Positions that have not been processed within 30 days, together with positions processed ineffectively, 
enter the “Branch Management – Non-settled” management phase and are subject to automatic 
reporting to the competent loans office. 
2) The “Branch Management – Non-settled” management phase applies to positions: 
• 
that have not been settled, or with a management action that has not been performed, or with 
an ineffective action; 
 
In this phase, the relationship manager, who is responsible for identifying and implementing actions 
necessary to support the counterparty in overcoming the stated or potential difficulties, is assisted by 
the specialist Credit Value Management Office. This Office does not intervene directly in the position, 
but is responsible for the “Governance of the BU portfolio”, i.e. it is responsible for monitoring 
volumes, processes and recycling, ensuring that branches adequately supervise the positions for which 
they are responsible. 
3) The “Proactive Management” phase applies to positions: 
• 
intercepted through an EWS “red light” (only criticalities alerted for the SME Retail segment), 
or  
• 
 Branch Management states for which the manager requests an override to a more serious 
category. 
This phase does not have a defined duration. It ends with the regularisation of the positions and a change 
in the EWS traffic light indicator, or classification as a non-performing loan. On entering this phase, 
the Branch draws up a specific Action Plan, which may be complete or a general outline, in which, in 
addition to assessing the client’s situation, initiatives for regularising the position are identified.  
The action plan must be submitted to the competent specialist Credit Unit for validation. The 
competent unit is automatically identified on the basis of Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) concession 
mandates; in particular, clients with: 
 exposure less than €15 million: validation is the responsibility of the Regional Headquarters of the 
Local Bank Networks Division; 
 exposure of more than €15 million: validation is the responsibility of the Proactive Units of the 
Credit Value Management Offices of the CLO Area. For the clients of the Corporate & Investment 
Banking Division, validation is the exclusive responsibility of the CLO Area.

--- Page 171 ---
This phase provides for 30-day cycles for the monitoring of the Action Plan. In particular, the same 
loans office that is responsible for validation of the plan is also responsible for the task of monitoring, 
on the said pre-defined expiry, whether the plan is being implemented by the methods agreed with the 
reporting office, while at the same time verifying that no new anomalies have arisen that could 
undermine the maintenance of the position in that state.  
Even in the Proactive Management Phase, for less complex counterparties, the operator has the option 
to compile an intervention check list, replacing the action plan, with the same content and function as 
indicated above for the BF phase. However, the obligation to monitor every 30 days remains, in order 
to ensure and verify compliance with what is was agreed between the manager and the client. 
The objective of the management is to eliminate anomalies with a view to continuing relations with the 
counterparty, helping it to avoid the loan from slipping into the category of a non-performing. 
Positions for which the regularisation is not achieved remain classified in this state until a subjective 
assessment results in a classification in a state of higher risk, by a request submitted to the competent 
management offices. Positions also leave the state with a worsening of the risk in the event that 
conditions of objective deterioration occur (conditions for classification among past due loans and/or 
impaired overruns, detection of a prejudicial ‘dark blue’ status, etc.) leading to automatic classification 
as an overdue or probable default. 
Therefore, performing positions which are attributed an automatic assessment of high risk, which is 
confirmed over time, or which present early signs of potential difficulties, are promptly and 
automatically intervened in proactive management processes. 
Such positions, for the purposes of credit quality, are classified to all intents and purposes as 
“performing” and responsibility for their management remains with the organisational structure in 
which the counterparty is port folioed.  
In order to guarantee objectivity, cases are placed in or removed from Proactive Credit processes 
automatically. Only the relevant control bodies (such as for example the Internal Auditing Department) 
are entitled, in the event of serious anomalies detected during the course of their duties, to classify 
positions manually with the status of “Proactive Management” on their own initiative. 
When risks are perceived as particularly high, the loan may be classified as Non performing 
(Deteriorato). 
Non performing loans (Credito Deteriorato) 
 
The 10th update of Bank of Italy Circular No. 272 (hereinafter “Circular 272”) introduced further 
clarifications to the definitions and types of “non-performing financial assets” to implement the 
provisions of the EBA 2016/07 Guidelines of 18 January 2017 (“EBA DoD Guidelines”) on the 
application of the Definition of Default contained in Article 178 of Regulation 575/2013 (the Capital 
Requirements Regulation). 
The various types of credit statuses that come within the category of “non-performing financial assets”, 
referring to the overall exposure of the debtor, are discussed below. 
“Non-performing financial assets” consist of cash assets (loans and debt securities) and off-balance 
sheet assets9 (guarantees given, irrevocable and revocable undertakings to disburse funds, etc.) from 
debtors:  
1) which have significant exposures which are past due by more than 90 days, or 
                                                 
9 An "off balance sheet" transaction is considered impaired if, in the case of use, it can give rise to an exposure that presents the risk of not 
being fully repaid, respecting the contractual conditions. The guarantees must, in any case, be classified as impaired if the guaranteed 
exposure meets the conditions for being classified as impaired

--- Page 172 ---
2) for which full fulfilment of the credit obligations is considered unlikely without enforcement 
of guarantees, irrespective of the existence of overdue sums or the number of days in arrears.  
No account is taken of any guarantees (real or personal) put in place to protect assets. The category of 
“Non-performing financial assets” does not include financial instruments included in a “Financial 
assets held for trading” portfolio or derivative contracts. 
In order to identify non-performing loans, the Bank has selected a criterion that involves an approach 
by “Individual debtor”. 
“Non-performing financial assets” are classified, in accordance with the principle of increasing gravity, 
in the following three categories: 
• 
non-performing past due exposures  
• 
unlikely-to-pay loans 
• 
bad loans 
 
With respect to the classification of “in default”, the recent European legislation on the subject (the so-
called “new definition of default”) will be applied, with particular reference to the EBA guidelines on 
the application and definition of default pursuant to Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. 
Again in accordance with the regulatory provisions, the details of the categories of non-performing 
exposures, with regard to specific exposure, include the classification of “Non-Performing Forborne 
Exposures”. 
Non-performing financial assets are subject to analytical-statistical or analytical valuations for financial 
reporting purposes. 
The process of assessing non-performing exposures to counterparties classified among past due loans 
and unlikely-to-pay loans, in accordance with the reference accounting principles and the applicable 
regulatory provisions, arises from the presence of objective loss elements that lead to the conclusion 
that the amount contractually expected from each individual asset is no longer fully recoverable. 
In general terms, receivables classified: 
•    among past due and/or impaired overruns (regardless of the amount of exposure) and those classified 
as unlikely-to-pay and Bad loans  (of an amount not exceeding a significant pre-established 
threshold, currently €2 million) are subject to automatic analytical assessment based on statistical 
grids produced by Risk Management on the basis of a historical series of changes in risk status and 
recovery times 
•     among unlikely-to-pay and Bad loans (above the threshold of €2 million), are subject to a specific 
analytical evaluation process based on a reliable qualitative and quantitative analysis of the 
economic, financial and asset situation of the counterparty, together with the relevant exogenous 
factors, such as for example the performance of the relevant economic sector. The assessment is 
performed analytically for each individual receivable, considering the implicit riskiness of the 
relative technical form of use, the relevant degree of dependence on any mitigating factors and, if 
significant, the financial effect of the realistically estimated time required for its recovery. 
Non performing past due exposures (Overrun) 
This category includes cash exposures other than those subsequently defined as bad loans or unlikely-
to-pay loans which, on the reference date of the report, are due for more than 90 consecutive days. 
The overall exposure to a debtor must be recognised as past due and/or overrun if, at the reporting date, 
the amount of principal, interest and/or commission not paid at the date on which it was due exceeds 
both of the following thresholds (hereinafter jointly referred to as the “Relevance Thresholds”):

--- Page 173 ---
a) 
an absolute limit of €100 for retail exposures and €500 for exposures other than retail exposures 
(the so-called “Absolute Threshold”) to be compared with the debtor's total amount overdue and/or 
overrun;  
b) 
a relative limit of 1% compared with the ratio between the total amount overdue and/or overrun 
and the total amount of all exposures recorded in the balance sheet to the same debtor10 (the so-
called “Relative Threshold”).  
Classification in this status takes place automatically, at the level of the banking group, on the 
persistence of a credit situation that is past due and/or overrunning the Relevance Thresholds for a 
period of more than 90 consecutive days. 
The classification in status also occurs automatically as a result of ‘dragging’ of a default status from 
joint holders to a joint account, or from the joint account to joint holders, according to specific rules as 
specified in the relevant paragraph. 
Exposures to central administrations, local authorities and public sector bodies are not relevant for 
classification purposes and are not included in the calculation of the materiality threshold for other 
exposures to the obligor, if all the following conditions are met: 
a) 
for factoring transactions, the contract concerns the supply of goods or services, where the 
administrative procedures require certain checks related to the execution of the contract before 
payment can be made, 
b) 
except for late payment, there are no other indications of unlikely fulfillment, the debtor's 
financial situation is healthy and there are no reasonable concerns about the debtor's ability to 
meet his obligations in full and on time, as well as 
c) 
the obligation is past due for no more than 180 days. 
Unlikely to pay 
This category includes a debtor’s entire cash and “off-balance-sheet” exposures, in relation to which 
the bank concludes that it is unlikely that he will fulfil all his credit obligations (in terms of capital 
and/or interest) without recourse to actions such as the enforcement of guarantees. This valuation does 
not take account of any amounts (or instalments) that are due and outstanding. 
It is not therefore necessary to wait for a specific sign of the problem (for example failure to repay), if 
factors exist that imply a situation of risk of default on the part of the debtor (e.g. a crisis in the business 
sector in which the debtor operates). All the cash and “off-balance-sheet” exposures of the same debtor 
in such a situation are known as “unlikely-to-pay”, unless the conditions exist for the loans to be 
classified as bad loans. 
Unlikely-to-pay loans also include all exposures to issuers that have not promptly met their payment 
obligations (principal and/or interest) in respect of listed debt securities. To this end, a “grace period” 
stipulated by contract or, in its absence, recognised by the market that lists the security, is recognised. 
In addition, unlikely-to-pay loans include “all exposures to debtors that have lodged an application for 
a so-called “blank” arrangement with creditors” (Article 161 of the Bankruptcy Act), notification of 
which can be made from the date of submission of the application until the evolution of the application 
is known. However, the exposures in question should still be classified as bad loans if: a) new objective 
                                                 
10 For the purposes of calculating the relative limit, it is necessary to consider, both in the numerator and in the denominator, the exposures 
transferred and not canceled for the purposes of the financial statements towards the same debtor towards the bank and the intermediaries 
included in the prudential consolidation perimeter. Equity exposures are excluded

--- Page 174 ---
factors exist that lead intermediaries, as responsible independent parties, to classify the debtor in that 
category; b) the exposures were already classified as bad loans at the time of submission of the 
application. 
The same criteria apply in the case of an application for an arrangement with creditors on a going 
concern basis (Article 186-bis of the Bankruptcy Act), as of the date of submission and until the 
outcome of the application is known. In the latter case, the classification of exposures is amended on 
the basis of the ordinary rules.  
In particular, in the event that an arrangement with creditors is instigated on a going concern basis with 
the transfer of the going concern or with the transfer of its assets to one or more companies (even newly 
formed companies) not belonging to the debtor’s economic group, the exposure should be reclassified 
among performing assets. 
This is not possible, however, in the case of sale or transfer to a company belonging to the same 
economic group as the debtor, due to the presumption that the parent company/controlling company has 
been involved in the decision-making process that led the company to file an application for an 
arrangement with creditors in the interests of the entire group. In such a situation, the exposure to the 
transferee continues to be indicated as impaired assets; it should also be reported among exposures 
subject to impaired concessions.” 
The following positions are automatically categorised as “unlikely to pay”: 
- 
positions in in the state of “About to Expire”, on passing the expiry date of this state and with a 
relative threshold of materiality in excess of 5%; 
- 
positions presenting a misaligned SAG for more than 30 consecutive days as “unlikely-to-pay” 
or “non-performing” loans with an exposure classified in one of the above situations, equal to or 
exceeding 20% of overall exposure at banking group level (except positions which, at the level 
of each individual bank/group company, show an exposure of less than €1,000); 
- 
in the state of “unlikely-to-pay - forborne” upon exceeding 90 days of continuous overrun above 
the threshold; 
-  
positions presenting one of the following prejudicial events, i.e. bankruptcy, arrangement with 
creditors, extraordinary administration, forced liquidation, settlement of bankruptcy proceedings, 
receivership, insolvency proceedings; 
-  
as a result of ‘dragging’ of a default status from joint holders to a joint account, or from the joint 
account to joint holders, according to specific rules as detailed in the relevant paragraph. 
For management purposes, the Bank has also made provision for a further classification within 
“Unlikely to pay”, identified as “unlikely-to-pay-forborne11”, which may include counterparties that 
show at least one exposure subject to a measure of “forbearance” that is duly complied with or that 
remain in a state of risk pending the start of the ‘Cure Period’ required by law (minimum 12 months). 
The following positions are automatically categorised as “unlikely-to-pay-forborne”: 
-  
forborne performing positions, arising from non-performing positions, subject to a subsequent 
tolerance measure on the same credit line as the previous intervention in the so-called “probation 
period”; 
                                                 
11 State to which LGD grids appropriate to the risk levels of the exposures apply

--- Page 175 ---
-  
forborne performing positions, arising from non-performing positions, with an unreported overrun 
of more than 30 continuous days (applying a minimum tolerance threshold and with verification 
undertaken on the Forborne line) occurring during the Probation Period; 
-  
positions with a forborne flag arising from closed bad loans positions with existing agreed/used 
residues; 
-  
positions in the state of “non-performing past due exposures” for which forbearance measures have 
been granted with an overrun of zero or less than 30 days or below the threshold; 
- 
positions presenting a misaligned SAG for more than 30 consecutive days as “unlikely-to-pay 
forborne” and with an exposure classified in that state as equal to or exceeding 20% of overall 
exposure at banking group level (except positions which, at the level of each individual bank/group 
company, show an exposure of less than €1,000); 
-  
performing counterparty positions, if the calculation of the diminished obligation (in the case of a 
new forborne labelling) - at the time of execution of the operation on the legacy of reference - 
registers a value above a threshold set at 1%. 
A manual classification as “unlikely to pay” - a decision on which is the responsibility of the decision-
making body - is possible at any time if, in accordance with the regulatory provisions, this classification 
better represents the deterioration of the debtor's creditworthiness. 
 
OBSERVATION PERIOD FOR NON-PERFORMING PAST DUE OVERRUNS AND FOR 
UNLIKELY TO PAY EXPOSURES 
Impaired exposures must continue to be classified as such until at least 3 months have passed - the so-
called Probation Period - from the time when they no longer meet the conditions to be classified as 
non-performing past due exposures, or as unlikely to pay, as the case may be. 
An exception is made for counterparties classified as unlikely-to-pay forborne, for a 12-month “cure 
period” applies, during which the counterparty is prevented from being re-classed as performing, even 
if the financial difficulty is overcome.  
During the probation period, the conduct of the counterparty must be assessed in the light of the relevant 
financial situation (in particular, by verifying the absence of overruns above the relevance thresholds).12 
Exposures Subject to Impaired Concessions 
The category of “Forbearance”, relating to exposures subject to re-negotiation due to the client’s 
financial difficulties, is a subset of both non-performing exposures and of performing loans, relating to 
the state of risk of exposure at the time of renegotiation. 
Individual cash exposures and revocable and irrevocable commitments to disburse funds that are, as the 
case may be, bad loans, unlikely-to-pay or among the non-performing past due exposures and that are 
subject to Forbearance measures are referred to as “exposures subject to impaired concessions”.  
This category includes exposures for which the application of tolerance measures has resulted in 
conditions for classification as impaired assets (e.g. debt write-offs). 
                                                 
12 Specifically, in the event of a continuous overdraft exceeding 5 days, calculated when both the Relevance Thresholds are exceeded, the 
count of days spent in the Probation Period is reset to zero. The counting of the 3-month Probation Period will resume on the first day in 
which the overrun returns below at least one of the two Relevance Thresholds

--- Page 176 ---
The category of “exposures subject to impaired concessions” includes those that come within the 
definition of “Non-performing exposures with forbearance measures” as set out in Annex V, Part 2, 
paragraph 180 of the ITS.  
Concessions do not include agreements - reached between the debtor and a pool of creditor banks - 
whereby existing credit lines are temporarily “frozen” with a view to formal restructuring. 
In the case of restructuring operations carried out by a pool of banks, those not party to the restructuring 
agreement are required to verify whether the conditions for the classification of their exposure as non-
performing or unlikely-to-pay are met. 
Exposures to debtors who have made an application for a so-called “blank” arrangement with creditors 
are to be classified among those subject to impaired concessions if the application for an arrangement 
is transformed into a debt restructuring agreement pursuant to Article 182-bis of the Bankruptcy Act.  
Also in the case of approval of the application for composition with creditors on a going concern basis, 
the exposure must be recognised in the context of exposures subject to impaired concessions, except in 
the case described above of the sale of the business as a going concern or its transfer to one or more 
companies (including newly established companies) that do not belong to the economic group of the 
debtor, in which case the exposure must be reclassified underperforming assets, provided that the 
buyer/transferee is not already classified among the impaired exposures at the time of sale/transfer. 
In order to eliminate the forborne label from exposures granted to impaired counterparties, a period of 
36 months must elapse for the positions classified as impaired, consisting of: 
- 
a 12-month ‘Cure Period’, calculated from the date of application of the forbearance measure 
or, if later, from the date of entry into a deteriorated state. It should be noted that, in the event 
that the restructuring agreement classed as a forbearance measure provides for a period of 
suspension of payments, a so-called ‘Grace Period’, the calculation of the days of Cure Period 
will start from the date of resumption of payments by the client (i.e. from the date of the end of 
the period of suspension). During the Cure Period, the counterparty's return to performing status 
will be prevented, even if the financial difficulty has been overcome.  
During the Cure Period, the regularity of payments on the line covered by the forbearance measure must 
be verified.  
At the end of the 12-month period, the position may be reclassified as performing (by means of a 
specific resolution), provided that: 
• 
the debtor has not incurred any overruns 
• 
the debtor has paid a significant amount of principal and interest 
a further 24 months of the probation period has passed, starting from the counterparty’s return to 
‘performing’ status. In this period, exposures are placed in a special category called “forborne 
performing from non-performing”. At the end of the 24-month Probation Period, the exposure can cease 
to be monitored - and the Forborne label may be cancelled - provided that the above conditions are met 
5. 
Management of the Defaulted Assets classified as “in sofferenza” 
The Servicer shall manage the recovery activities of the Defaluted Loan classified as “in sofferenza” 
through delegated structure which once the Defaulted Assets has been classified as “in sofferenza” - 
shall immediately implement through its specialized units (Strutture di recupero crediti) the most 
suitable recovery actions.

--- Page 177 ---
When resolving upon the course of action for the recovery of the claims, both legal proceedings and 
out-of-court settlements shall carefully be considered, in terms of costs-benefits, in view of, among 
other things, the financial implication of estimated recovery times. 
A judicial action will be carried out as follows: 
− 
directly by the Servicer to the extent possible, for actions to be taken by the parties (atti di parte) 
(e.g. submission of the proof of claim) or with the assistance of in-house counsels; and 
− 
by appointing external counsels for judicial initiatives (e.g. injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo), 
and real estate enforcement proceedings, etc), whose activity will be closely supervised. 
As for the recovery activity of positions having a significant value, an initial assessment will be carried 
out and all the urgent and necessary actions will be implemented to maximise the chance of recovery 
of the claim.  
The best operating strategy will then be planned in order to maximise the recovery within the shortest 
possible timeframe and, in particular, it may be resolved: 
(a) 
carrying out the direct recovery of single claims (whether in the framework of a judicial action 
or by an out-of-court procedure);  
(b) 
entrusting the recovery to external companies (almost exclusively in the case of positions of 
negligible amount); or  
(c) 
carrying out transfers of single claims without recourse (pro soluto) to third parties.  
6. 
Securities Management 
6.1 
Collections and further payments  
On the basis of the payment instructions originally given to the Debtors, all principal redemption 
amounts, interest payments and any other amounts due for any reason in relation to the Securities will 
be credited by Monte Titoli or Clearstream (as the case may be) to the custodian bank in favour of the 
securities account opened and maintained in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, through the 
specific segregated liquidator account, properly opened with Monte Titoli or Clearstream. The 
custodian bank automatically and promptly pays the amounts collected as follows:  
• 
any principal amount to the Principal Securities Collection Account; and 
• 
any interest amount to the Interest Securities Collection Account 
(jointly, the Securities Collection Account) 
in accordance with the Cash, Management and Agency Agreement. 
In the case in which, for any reason, the Servicer – also through appointed entities - receives any 
collections, the Servicer shall carry out the reconciliation of the amounts received within 20 (twenty) 
days from the receipt of such amount by the Debtors and credit to the relevant Collection Account, in 
respect of principal and interest, such sums received and reconciliated within 3 (three) Business Days 
following the reconciliation of such amounts and with value on account corresponding to the collection 
date by the Servicer.

--- Page 178 ---
6.2 
Collection payment verification and report of the Securities Collection Account flows 
Further to any payment date of each Security, as set forth under the relevant Security documents, the 
Servicer - also through appointed entities -will verify that the amounts due as principal, interest or for 
any other reason due in relation to each Security have been credited on the relevant Security Collection 
Account, in respect of principal and interest, with value on account corresponding to the relevant 
payment date of each Securities, as set forth under the relevant Security documents. 
The Servicer undertakes to promptly – also through appointed entities- deliver upon request to the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent, 
the Account Bank Report complete, exact and precise of all flows with reference to the Securities 
Collection Accounts and the Interest Securities Collection Account as of the immediately preceding 
calendar month and, broadly, the documents concerning the collections, as well as to give evidence of 
the transfer of such amount on the relevant Collection Account, in accordance with the procedures 
previously agreed with the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
The Servicer shall monitor on a continuing basis the financial performance of the Securities and the 
fulfillments of the Debtors’ obligations in respect of the Securities, and shall apply to the Securities the 
same procedures, where applicable, set forth for the receivables.

--- Page 179 ---
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor. The Covered Bonds Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts under the Covered Bonds Guarantee until the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer 
Event of Default, service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor of either an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay or, 
if earlier, following the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default and service by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
in order to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as 
applicable, ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Tests are intended to ensure that the Portfolio is sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds at 
all times; 
(iii) 
among the Tests: (i) the Asset Coverage Test, in particular, is intended to maintain the 
sufficiency of the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered Bonds and (ii) 
the Amortisation Test is intended to test the sufficiency of the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s 
assets in respect of the Covered Bonds following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bonds Guarantor;  
(iv) 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is intended to trigger the provision of liquidity for Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds when the Issuer’s credit ratings fall below a certain level; 
(v) 
extendable maturity provisions are applicable to all Series of Covered Bonds other than the 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bonds Guarantee 
The Covered Bonds Guarantee provided by the Covered Bonds Guarantor guarantees payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. The Covered Bonds Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds for any other reason, including any accelerated payment following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event. In this circumstance (and until a 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice 
is served), the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on 
the Due for Payment Date. 
See further “Description of the Transaction Documents — Covered Bonds Guarantee”, as regards the 
terms of the Covered Bonds Guarantee.  
Under the terms of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Issuer and the Seller must ensure on a 
continuing basis and on each Calculation Date or on any other date on which the verification of the 
Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents that the Portfolio is in compliance with the 
Tests described below.

--- Page 180 ---
If on any Calculation Date the Portfolio is not in compliance with the Tests, then the Seller (and should 
the Seller fail to do so, the Issuer) shall sell Public Assets or Integration Assets to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor in an amount sufficient to allow the Tests to be met as soon as possible, in accordance with 
the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. To this extent the Seller shall grant additional amounts under 
the Subordinated Loan for the purposes of funding the purchase of Public Assets or Integration Assets. 
If the breach of Tests is not remedied and for so long as such breach is continuing, no further Series of 
Covered Bonds will be issued and no payments under the Subordinated Loan will be effected. 
Tests 
In accordance with the provisions of the MEF Decree, and the Transaction Documents, for so long as 
the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer and the Seller shall procure on a continuing basis and 
on each Calculation Date, or any other date pursuant to the Transaction Documents, that: 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the OC Adjusted Eligible Portfolio shall 
be equal to, or greater than, the Outstanding Principal Balance of all Series of Covered Bonds 
(the Asset Coverage Test) or, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and 
service of the Notice to Pay by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Amortisation Test Adjusted Eligible Portfolio shall be equal to, or greater than, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the Amortisation Test) 
(b) 
the Net Present Value of the Eligible Portfolio shall be equal to, or greater than, the Net Present 
Value of the outstanding Covered Bonds (the NPV Test); 
(c) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio shall be equal to, or greater than, the 
Interest Payments and the Annual Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio shall be 
equal to, or greater than, the Annual Interest Payments (the Interest Coverage Test);  
(the tests above are jointly defined as the Tests). 
The MEF Decree requires the nominal amount of the Portfolio is to be equal to, or greater than, the 
outstanding nominal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds. The Tests are fulfilled in accordance 
with the Portfolio Administration Agreement. In particular, with reference to the Asset Coverage Test 
and the Amortisation Test, such tests will be run depending on whether or not an Issuer Event of Default 
has occurred, provided that both tests are structured to ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of 
the Portfolio is equal to, or greater than, the nominal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Compliance with the Tests will be verified by the Calculation Agent and internal risk management 
functions of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (under the supervision of the management body of the Issuer) 
on each Calculation Date and on any other date on which the verification of the Tests is required 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and subsequently checked by the Asset Monitor on a semi-
annual basis.  
In addition to the above, following the occurrence of a breach of the Tests, based on the information 
provided by the Servicer with reference to the end of the previous month and with reference to the last 
day of each calendar month (starting from the date on which such breach has been notified, and until 6 
(six) months after the date on which such breach has been cured the Calculation Agent shall verify 
compliance with the Tests not later than the fifth Business Day of the following calendar month. 
For the purposes of this section: 
6-Month Euribor Equivalent Margin means the negative or positive margin, calculated by the 
Servicer, applied to the 6-Month Euribor used under the TBG Swaps that the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
would receive by entering into one or more interest rate swaps with a maturity equal to the average

--- Page 181 ---
number of days to maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds, semi-annual payments and with respect 
to which it would pay the interest maturing on (i) each relevant class of Eligible Investments and 
Authorised Investments and (ii) the Investment Account, in accordance with the composition of 
investments at the time of calculation. 
Accrued Interest means in relation to any loan, bond or other asset at any date (the determination 
date), the amount of (or the Euro Equivalent amount of) the interest on such loan, bond or other asset 
(not being interest which is currently paid on the determination date) which has accrued from and 
including the relevant Bond Payment Date or Loan Payment Date, as the case may be, immediately 
prior to the determination date up to and including the determination date. 
Amortisation Test Adjusted Eligible Portfolio means an amount equal to: 
EP −Z 
where:  
EP means the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Portfolio  
Z = (the weighted average number of days to maturity of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds/365) 
multiplied by the Euro Equivalent of the outstanding Covered Bonds multiplied by N 
where 
N = Negative Carry Factor. 
Annual Interest Payments means, as of a Calculation Date or any other relevant date and with 
reference to each of the three following Guarantor Interest Periods an amount equal to the aggregate of 
(a) expected interest payments (or the Euro Equivalent of the expected interest payments) in respect of 
the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (other than floating rate Covered Bonds) and (b) Expected 
Floating Payments in respect of interest on floating rate Covered Bonds. 
Annual Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio means, as of a Calculation Date or any 
other relevant date and with reference to each of (x) the three following Guarantor Payment Dates or 
(y) the three following Guarantor Interest Periods and (z) the relevant Collection Periods (as the case 
may be) an amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum of (a) interest payments (or the Euro 
Equivalent of the interest payments) from the Fixed Component of the Eligible Portfolio, payments and 
Expected Floating Payments in respect of interest from the Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio 
received or expected to be received, (b) any amount expected to be received by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor as payments under the TBG Swaps (which are not Excluded Swaps), (c) with reference to 
Covered Bonds with semi-annual CB Payment Dates, any amount (or the Euro Equivalent of any 
amount) expected to be received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor as payments under the CB Swaps 
(which are not Excluded Swaps), (d) with reference to Covered Bonds with annual CB Payment Dates, 
the amount (or the Euro Equivalent of the amount) to be received annually by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor as payment under the CB Swaps (which are not Excluded Swaps); (e) any amount credited 
on the Investment Account as Reserve Fund Required Amount; and (ii) the payments (or the Euro 
Equivalent of the payments) to be effected in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, by the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor in priority to, and including, payments under the Swap Agreements (which 
are not Excluded Swaps). For the avoidance of doubt, items under (i)(a) above shall include interest 
expected to be received from the investment, into Eligible Investments and Authorised Investments, of 
principal collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible Portfolio. 
Asset Percentage means 93% or such other lower percentage as the Issuer on behalf of the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor shall determine in accordance with the Rating Agency’s methodologies (after

--- Page 182 ---
procuring the required overcollateralization also to take into account the provisions of Clause 15 
(Undertakings of the Parties in respect of Certain Risks) of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, 
and notify, using the pro forma notice attached under Schedule 1 (Notice of the Asset Percentage) of 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement, to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor and the Rating Agency. Any adjustment of the Asset 
Percentage, as previously notified, will appear from the relevant Investor Report as the new Asset 
Percentage as determined in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Current Balance means in relation to a Public Asset, Integration Asset, Eligible Investment or 
Authorised Investment at any given date, the aggregate (without double counting) of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, Accrued Interest and Interest Arrears relating to that Public Assets, Integration Asset, 
Eligible Investment or Authorised Investment as at that date. 
Defaulted Asset means Receivables which have been classified by the Servicer on behalf of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor as Crediti in Default and/or the Securities which have been classified by the 
Servicer on behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor as Defaulted Securities.  
Defaulted Securities means (i) any Securities classified as “in sofferenza” in compliance with the 
Collection Policies, as interpreted and applied in compliance with the BoI Regulations and in 
accordance with principles governing the prudential administration of the Receivables and with the 
maximum standard of diligenza professionale and (ii) the Securities that may be considered as “in 
default” in accordance with the provisions of the respective Relevant Securities Documents and (iii) the 
Delinquent Securities for more than 30 Business Days starting from the maturity date provided for under 
the respective Relevant Securities Documents (for the avoidance of doubts, in this latter case both 
Securities in respect of which the respective Relevant Securities Documents provide for the 
classification as in “default” for non payment for more than 30 Business Days and Securities in respect 
of which no particular term is provided for under the respective Relevant Securities Documents could 
be classified as Defaulted Securities).  
Discount Factor means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the 
Servicer. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means at any time the Series of the Covered Bonds that have the 
earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date) or the earliest Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date). 
Eligible Portfolio means the aggregate of Public Assets and Integration Assets, without any double 
counting (including any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts (other than the Expenses Account, 
the Corporate Account and the Quota Capital Account), and the Eligible Investments and Authorised 
Investments), excluding (a) any Defaulted Assets and those Public Assets and Integration Assets for 
which a breach of the representations and warranties granted under Clause 2 (Dichiarazioni e Garanzie 
del Cedente) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied, (b) 
the aggregate of Integration Assets in excess of the Integration Assets Limit, (c) the aggregate of 
Integration Assets which do not meet the Integration Assets Rating Requirements. 
Euro Equivalent means at any date, in relation to any amount or payment referred to a loan, a bond, 
an agreement or any other asset the amount or payment referred to such loan, bond, agreement or asset 
at such date denominated in Euro where the exchange rate corresponds to (i) the current exchange rate 
fixed by the Servicer in accordance with its usual practice at that time for calculating that equivalent 
should any currency hedging agreement be not in place or (ii) the exchange rate indicated in the relevant 
currency hedging agreement in place.

--- Page 183 ---
Expected Floating Payments means the amount (or the Euro Equivalent amount), determined on the 
basis of the Swap Curve, of expected principal and interest payments from the Floating Component of 
the Eligible Portfolio, the expected Swap Agreements floating leg payments, or the expected interest 
payments on outstanding Series of floating rate Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
Fixed Component of the Eligible Portfolio means the Public Assets or Integration Assets being part 
of the Eligible Portfolio remunerated on the basis of a fixed rate of interest. 
Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio means the Public Assets or Integration Assets being 
part of the Eligible Portfolio remunerated on the basis of a floating rate of interest.  
Integration Assets Rating Requirements means (a) in respect of Integration Assets consisting of bank 
securities having a remaining maturity date of 364 days or less, a rating to the short term unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity equal to or 
higher than “P-3” by Moody's and (b) in respect of Integration Assets consisting of deposits with bank, 
a rating to the short term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the entity 
with which the demand or time deposits are made equal to or higher than “P-3” by Moody's. 
Interest Arrears means in relation to any loan, bond or other asset at any date, the amount of (or the 
Euro Equivalent amount of) interest and expenses which are due and payable and are unpaid as of such 
date. 
Interest Payments means, as of a Calculation Date or any other relevant date, with reference to all 
following Guarantor Interest Periods up to the last Maturity Date, or Extended Maturity Date, as the 
case may be, an amount equal to the aggregate of (a) expected interest payments (or the Euro Equivalent 
of the expected interest payments) in respect of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (other than 
floating rate Covered Bonds) and (b) Expected Floating Payments in respect of interest on floating rate 
Covered Bonds. 
Negative Carry Factor means 0.50 per cent. as long as the Issuer’s rating is equal to or higher than 
Baa3. If the Issuer is downgraded below Baa3, it shall be equal to the algebraic difference, if positive, 
between (i) (a) the WA Swap Margin paid by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to the CB Hedging 
Counterparty under the CB Swaps or, absent such CB Swaps, (b) the WA CB Margin or (c) a 
combination of (a) and (b), and (ii) the 6-Month Euribor Equivalent Margin. 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio means, as of a Calculation Date or any other 
relevant date with reference to all (x) following Guarantor Payment Dates, (y) relevant Collection 
Periods, and (z) relevant Guarantor Interest Periods (as the case may be), up to the last Maturity Date 
or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be, an amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum 
of (a) interest payments (or the Euro Equivalent of the interest payments) from the Fixed Component 
of the Eligible Portfolio, payments and Expected Floating Payments in respect of interest from the 
Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio received or expected to be received, (b) any amount 
expected to be received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor as payments under the TBG Swaps (which 
are not Excluded Swaps), (c) any amount (or the Euro Equivalent of any amount) expected to be 
received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor as payments under the CB Swaps (which are not Excluded 
Swaps); (d) any amount credited on the Investment Account as Reserve Fund Required Amount; and 
(ii) the payments (or the Euro Equivalent of the payments) to be effected in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, by the Covered Bonds Guarantor in priority to, and including, payments under 
the Swap Agreements (which are not Excluded Swaps). For the avoidance of doubt, items under (i) (a) 
above shall include interest expected to be received from the investment, into Eligible Investments and 
Authorised Investments, of principal collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible 
Portfolio.

--- Page 184 ---
Net Present Value means, as of any date, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of the product of each 
relevant Discount Factor and expected payments (or the Euro Equivalent of the expected payments) to 
be received or to be effected. 
Net Present Value of the Eligible Portfolio means at any date an amount equal to the algebraic sum 
of (i) the product of (a) each relevant Discount Factor and (b) expected principal and interest payments 
(or the Euro Equivalent of expected principal and interest payments) from the Fixed Component of the 
Eligible Portfolio and Expected Floating Payments in respect of principal and interest from the Floating 
Component of the Eligible Portfolio, (ii) the product of (c) each relevant Discount Factor and (d) 
expected payments to be received or to be effected by the Covered Bonds Guarantor under or in 
connection with the TBG Swaps and the CB Swaps (which are not Excluded Swaps), (iii) the product 
of (e) each relevant Discount Factor and (f) any amount (or the Euro Equivalent of any amount) 
expected to be paid by the Covered Bonds Guarantor in priority to the TBG Swaps and the CB Swaps 
payments, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments and (iv) any sum standing to the credit 
of the Accounts (other than the Expenses Account, the Corporate Account and the Quota Capital 
Account), for the avoidance of doubts, without any double counting with the Integration Assets, Eligible 
Investments and Authorised Investments included in point (i) above. 
Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds means at any date an amount equal to the sum 
of (i) the product of (a) each relevant Discount Factor and (b) expected principal and interest payments 
(or the Euro Equivalent of expected principal and interest payments) in respect of the outstanding Series 
of Covered Bonds (other than floating rate Covered Bonds) and (ii) the product of (c) each relevant 
Discount Factor and (d) Expected Floating Payments in respect of principal and interest on floating rate 
Covered Bonds. 
OC Adjusted Eligible Portfolio means an amount equal to:  
𝐀𝐀 +  𝐁𝐁 +  𝐂𝐂 +  𝐃𝐃 +  𝐄𝐄 − 𝐙𝐙 
where: 
− 
A = PA * P 
where 
PA = the Outstanding Principal Balance of Public Assets excluding (a) any Defaulted Assets 
and those Public Assets for which a breach of the representations and warranties granted under 
Clause 2 (Dichiarazioni e Garanzie del Cedente) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement has 
occurred and has not been remedied, (b) the Authorised Investments which are Public Assets 
and (c) Eligible Investments which are Public Assets; 
P = Asset Percentage; 
− 
B = Integration Assets excluding (a) any Defaulted Assets and those Integration Assets for which a 
breach of the representations and warranties granted under Clause 2 (Dichiarazioni e Garanzie del 
Cedente) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied, (b) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of Integration Assets in excess of the Integration Assets Limit, 
(c) the Integration Assets which do not meet the Integration Assets Rating Requirements. 
− 
C = the Outstanding Principal Balance of Eligible Investments which are Public Assets; 
− 
D = the Outstanding Principal Balance of Authorised Investments which are Public Assets;

--- Page 185 ---
− 
E = any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts (other than the Expense Account, the Corporate 
Account and the Quota Capital Account), for the avoidance of doubts, without any double counting 
with B and excluding any sum in excess of the Integration Assets Limit; 
− 
Z = (the weighted average number of days to maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds/365) 
multiplied by the outstanding Covered Bonds multiplied by N. 
where 
N = Negative Carry Factor. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Series of Covered 
Bonds or any other asset the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding (or the Euro Equivalent 
of the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding) of such loan, bond, Series of Covered Bonds 
or asset at such date. 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds means the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
Random Basis means any process which selects Public Assets on a basis that is not designed to favour 
the selection of any identifiable class or type or quality of assets from all the Public Assets forming part 
of the Portfolio. 
Required Redemption Amount means in respect of any relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the amount 
calculated as follows: the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
multiplied (1 + (N x (days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds/365)). Where “N” is the 
Negative Carry Factor. 
Relevant Securities Documents means the relevant prospectuses (or, for Securities in respect of which 
duty to publish a prospectus is not provided for, the issue notice published in accordance with the 
relevant applicable law) and/or the terms and conditions of the Securities (or similar documents in 
accordance with the relevant applicable law) and the documents by means of which Guarantees are 
given. 
Swap Curve means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance with the best 
market practice and calculated based on market instruments. 
Swap Margin means the positive or negative margin applied to the 6-Month Euribor paid by the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor with respect to the relevant CB Swap. 
WA CB Margin the weighted average positive or negative margin applied to the 6-Month Euribor paid 
by the Issuer with respect to the Covered Bonds.  
WA Swap Margin the weighted average positive or negative margin applied to the 6-Month Euribor 
that the Covered Bonds Guarantor will pay under the CB Swaps. 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test 
The Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test (as defined below) is intended to provide liquidity for Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds when the Issuer’s long-term credit ratings fall below the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Required Ratings. 
On any Business Day (each the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date) falling during the Pre-Maturity 
Rating Period prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Calculation Agent will determine

--- Page 186 ---
if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test has been breached, and if so, it shall immediately notify the Issuer, 
the Seller, the Hedging Counterparties and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
For the purpose of this paragraph the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is complied with if on any Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test Date if, during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, all of the Issuer’s credit ratings 
are equal to, or greater than, the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Ratings.  
Pre-Maturity Rating Period means the period of 12 months preceding the Maturity Date of any Hard 
Bullet Series of the Covered Bonds. 
Following a breach of a Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall:  
(a) 
make a cash deposit for an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount of the 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates 
on the Pre-Maturity Test Account, opened in its name with a bank whose ratings are at 
least equal to the Minimum Required Account Bank Ratings provided for under the 
Transaction Documents and pledged in favour of the Covered Bondholders; and/or 
(b) 
obtain a first demand, autonomous guarantee (meeting the criteria set forth by the 
Rating Agency) for an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount of the Series 
of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates, by 
an eligible entity whose ratings are at least equal to the Minimum Required Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Guarantor Ratings; and/or 
(c) 
take action in the form of a combination of the foregoing which in aggregate adding up 
to an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount of the Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates; 
and/or 
(ii) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall direct the Servicer to sell Selected Assets in accordance 
with the procedures set out in the Portfolio Administration Agreement, for an amount equal to 
the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to 
which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates. 
If the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds is breached and the Issuer 
or the Covered Bonds Guarantor have not taken the required actions (as described above) following the 
breach by the earlier to occur of: 
(a) 
20 Business days from the date on which the Issuer is notified of the breach of the Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Test, and 
(b) 
the Maturity Date of that Series of Covered Bonds, 
an Issuer Event of Default shall occur and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a 
Notice to Pay to the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
For the purposes of this section: 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount which is an amount equal to the Required Redemption 
Amount of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds plus or minus any swap termination amounts payable

--- Page 187 ---
respectively by or to the Covered Bonds Guarantor less amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts 
(excluding the Expense Account, the Corporate Account and the Quota Capital Account and all the 
amounts required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and all the amounts to be applied on the following Guarantor 
Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the relevant Priorities of Payments) less the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Investments and Authorised Investments. 
Set-Off Risk and Claw-Back Risk 
Pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken, upon occurrence of 
an Issuer Downgrading Event or a Servicer Downgrading Event, to notify on a quarterly basis the Rating 
Agency of each of the Potential Set-Off Amount and the Potential Claw-Back Amount. As long as the 
Issuer Downgrading Event and the Servicer Dowingrading Event is continuing, the Asset Percentage 
shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Potential Set-Off Amount and the Potential Claw-Back 
Amount.  
Issuer Downgrading Event means the Issuer being downgraded to “P-3”, or below, by Moody’s. 
Potential Claw-Back Amount means an amount, calculated by the Servicer as a percentage of the 
Portfolio that the Seller determines as potentially subject to claw-back.  
Potential Set-Off Amount means an amount, calculated by the Servicer as a percentage of the Portfolio 
that the Seller determines as potentially subject to set-off by the Debtors.  
Servicer Downgrading Event means the Servicer being downgraded to “Ba1”, or below, by Moody’s. 
Commingling Risk for loans granted in pool 
Pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken, upon occurrence of 
an ATI Agent Trigger Event, to notify the Rating Agency, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties of such events and shall identify the ATI Commingling 
Affected Portfolio. Further to such event, and for so long as the event is continuing, if no other ATI 
Agent Remedy Actions has been implemented, the determination of the Asset Percentage shall be 
modified so as to consider the amounts which may be subject to commingling risk in case of bankruptcy 
of the relevant ATI Agent Bank. 
For the purpose of this section: 
ATI means an Associazione Temporanea di Imprese or a Raggruppamento Temporaneo as ruled under 
Legislative Decree no. 163 of 12 April 2006 as amended and supplemented from time to time, and the 
relevant implementing regulations. 
ATI Agent Bank means, in respect of a Loan disbursed by lenders in pool as ATI or Convenzioni in 
Pool, the bank (other than the Issuer and the Servicer) acting as agent bank for the pool on the basis of 
an irrevocable mandate (an in rem propriam mandate) granted to it. 
ATI Agent Remedy Actions means that (a) the Asset Percentage has been modified in accordance with 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement in order to cure an ATI Agent Trigger Event and the Tests are 
satisfied taking into account such amendment to the Asset Percentage, (b) a guarantee in respect of the 
relevant ATI Agent Bank’s obligations has been granted by an eligible entity in accordance with the 
provisions of the Servicing Agreement, (c) the ATI Commingling Reserve Amount has been credited 
to the Investment Account on the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date or (d) the amounts 
standing to the credit of the Accounts are sufficient, taking into account the amounts to be paid under

--- Page 188 ---
points (i) to (v) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments, to constitute the ATI 
Commingling Reserve Amount on the next Guarantor Payment Date. 
ATI Agent Trigger Event means any of the following event: (a) the unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated debt obligations of an ATI Agent Bank are rated below “Baa3” by Moody’s or (b) any 
amount due to be paid by an ATI Agent Bank to the Servicer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor in 
accordance with the relevant Loan Agreements or ancillary documents is not duly and timely paid by 
the relevant ATI Agent Bank. 
ATI Commingling Affected Portfolio means the aggregate amount of the Loans in relation to which 
the relevant ATI Agent Bank has been affected by an ATI Agent Trigger Event. 
ATI Commingling Reserve Amount means, on any date, an amount equal to (a) the peak of the 
Collections expected to be received during one of the following Collection Periods in respect of the 
ATI Commingling Affected Portfolio minus (b) the amount of the Reserve Fund Required Amount 
already credited (or to be credited on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date) on the Investment Account, 
provided that if the difference between (a) and (b) above is a negative number the ATI Commingling 
Reserve Amount shall be equal to zero. 
Convenzioni in Pool means temporary pools composed by two or more banks other than an ATI.

--- Page 189 ---
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
ACCOUNTS 
The following Accounts are established and shall be maintained with the Account Bank and the 
Receivables Collection Account Bank as separate accounts in the name of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor.  
The Receivables Collection Accounts shall be held with the Receivables Collection Account Bank for 
as long as the Receivables Account Bank maintains the Minimum Required Receivables Collection 
Account Bank Rating. 
The Securities Collection Accounts, the Investment Account, the Securities Account, the Eligible 
Investments Account, the Quota Capital Account, the Expenses Account and the Corporate Account 
shall be held with the Account Bank for as long as the Account Bank maintains the Minimum Required 
Account Bank Rating. 
The Principal Receivables Collection Account 
Deposits. An Euro denominated current account established and maintained with Receivables 
Collection Account Bank into which:  
(i) 
by the end of the second Business Day immediately following the relevant reconciliation, any 
principal payment and any Interest Component of the Purchase Price received by the Servicer 
in relation to the Receivables will be deposited with value date as of the relevant date of receipt; 
(ii) 
promptly upon receipt, all principal components and the Interest Component of the Purchase 
Price of the proceeds arising out of the liquidation of Receivables will be transferred with value 
date as of the relevant date of receipt. 
Withdrawals. On a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Principal Receivables Collection Account will be transferred to the Investment Account 
by the Receivables Collection Account Bank.  
(the Principal Receivables Collection Account).  
The Interest Receivables Collection Account 
Deposits. An Euro denominated current account established and maintained with Receivables 
Collection Account Bank into which:  
(i) 
by the end of the second Business Day immediately following the relevant reconciliation, any 
interest payment (other than the Interest Component of the Purchase Price) received by the 
Servicer in relation to the Receivables will be deposited with value date as of the relevant date 
of receipt; 
(ii) 
promptly upon receipt, all proceeds (net of any principal component thereof) arising out of the 
liquidation of Receivables will be transferred with value date as of the relevant date of receipt. 
Withdrawals. On a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Interest Receivables Collection Account will be transferred to the Investment Account by 
the Receivables Collection Account Bank.

--- Page 190 ---
(the Interest Receivables Collection Account and together with the Principal Receivables Collection 
Account, the Receivables Collection Accounts). 
The Principal Securities Collection Account 
Deposits. An Euro denominated current account established and maintained with the Account Bank into 
which: 
(i) 
on a daily basis, any principal payment and any Interest Component of the Purchase Price 
received in relation to the Securities will be deposited. 
(ii) 
promptly upon receipt, all principal components of the proceeds arising out of the liquidation 
of Securities (other than the Eligible Investments and the Authorised Investments) will be 
transferred. 
Withdrawals. On a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Principal Securities Collection Account will be transferred to the Investment Account by 
the Account Bank. 
(the Principal Securities Collection Account). 
The Interest Securities Collection Account 
Deposits. An Euro denominated current account established and maintained with the Account Bank into 
which: 
(i) 
on a daily basis, any interest payment (other than the Interest Component of the Purchase Price) 
in relation to the Securities will be deposited. 
(ii) 
promptly upon receipt, all proceeds (net of any principal component thereof) arising out of the 
liquidation of Securities (other than the Eligible Investments and the Authorised Investments) 
will be transferred.  
Withdrawals. On a daily basis by the end of the relevant day of receipt, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Interest Securities Collection Account will be transferred to the Investment Account by the 
Account Bank. 
(the Interest Securities Collection Account and together with the Principal Securities Collection 
Account, the Securities Collection Accounts).  
The Investment Account 
Deposits. An Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the Account Bank 
into which:  
(i) 
the Receivables Collection Account Bank shall transfer by the end of the relevant day of receipt 
any amount standing to the credit of the Receivables Collection Accounts and the Account 
Bank shall transfer in the Investment Account by the end of the relevant day of receipt any 
amount standing to the credit of the Securities Collection Accounts; 
(ii) 
by the end of the relevant day of receipt the Account Bank shall transfer (a) the funds resulting 
from the reimbursement or liquidation of all Eligible Investments and Authorised Investments; 
(b) any amount to be credited to the Investment Account in accordance with the relevant Priority 
of Payments (including any CB Swaps Accumulation Amount, the Reserve Fund Required

--- Page 191 ---
Amount, the ATI Commingling Reserve Amount, the Interest Accumulation Amount and any 
Purchase Price Accumulation Amount); and (c) any amount (if any) standing to the credit of 
the Transaction Account, after distribution in accordance with the applicable Priorities of 
Payments of payments due on the relevant CB Payment Dates or payments of the purchase 
price to be paid in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Withdrawals: 
(i) 
within 2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Investment Account (other than the CB Swaps Accumulation Amount and the 
Interest Accumulation Amount) shall be transferred to the Transaction Account.  
(ii) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date, any amount to be paid under the CB Swaps 
on such CB Payment Date shall be transferred to the Transaction Account. 
(iii) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date, the Interest Accumulation Amount shall be 
transferred to the Transaction Account. 
(iv) 
2 Business Days prior to each date on which a purchase price has to be paid under the Master 
Transfer Agreement, the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount shall be transferred to the 
Transaction Account upon instruction of the Servicer. 
(v) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default or an Article 74 Event, any amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB 
Payment Date shall be transferred to the Transaction Account. 
(vi) 
10 Business Days after the Initial Issue Date an amount equal to Euro 150,000.00 shall be 
transferred to the Corporate Account and an amount equal to Euro 120,000.00 shall be 
transferred to the Expenses Account.  
(the Investment Account). 
The Securities Account 
Deposits. An Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the Account Bank 
into which the Account Bank, pursuant to any order of the Cash Manager or the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, will deposit and keep the Public Assets and Integration Assets consisting of securities (other 
than the Eligible Investments and the Authorised Investments). 
Withdrawals. All the Public Assets and Integration Assets consisting of securities (other than the 
Eligible Investments and the Authorised Investments) will be (a) liquidated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement or (b) sold to the relevant Seller in accordance 
with the Master Transfer Agreement upon instruction of the Servicer, and proceeds credited to the 
Investment Account by the Cash Manager.  
(the Securities Account). 
The Eligible Investments Account 
Deposits. An Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the Account Bank 
into which the Account Bank, pursuant to any order of the Cash Manager, will deposit all securities 
constituting Eligible Investments and Authorised Investments purchased by the Cash Manager on behalf 
of the Covered Bonds Guarantor with the amounts standing to the credit of the Investment Account.

--- Page 192 ---
Withdrawals. Within 3 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling prior to the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event, the Authorised Investments and Eligible Investments 
standing to the credit of the Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated for an amount equal to the 
CB Swap Accumulation Amount or Interest Accumulation Amount, as the case may be, and proceeds 
credited to the Investment Account by the Account Bank unless there are sufficient funds already 
deposited in the Investment Account to cover the CB Swap Accumulation Amount or the Interest 
Accumulation Amount, as the case may be. 
Within 3 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default or an Article 74 Event, all the Authorised Investments and Eligible Investments standing to 
the credit of the Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated and proceeds credited to the 
Investments Account by the Account Bank. 
Within 3 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Authorised Investments and the 
Eligible Investments standing to the credit of the Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated and 
proceeds credited to the Investment Account. 
Within 3 Business Days prior to each date on which a purchase price in respect of any Revolving 
Assignment has to be paid under the Master Transfer Agreement, the Authorised Investments and 
Eligible Investments standing to the credit of the Eligible Investments Account will be liquidated for 
an amount equal to the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount and proceeds credited to the Investment 
Account by the Account Bank unless there are sufficient funds already deposited in the Investment 
Account to cover the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount. 
(the Eligible Investments Account). 
The Quota Capital Account 
Deposits. An Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the Account Bank 
into which all the sums contributed by the quotaholders of the Covered Bonds Guarantor as quota capital 
have been credited and all interest accrued thereon will be credited. 
(the Quota Capital Account). 
The Expenses Account 
Deposits. An Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the Account Bank 
into which: 
(i) 
10 Business Days after the Initial Issue Date an amount equal to Euro 120,000.00 will be 
credited;  
(ii) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Disbursement Amount will be credited.  
Withdrawals. The general expenses (other than the Expenses) due and payable at any time within each 
Guarantor Interest Period will be paid with the monies standing to the credit of the Expenses Account. 
(the Expenses Account)

--- Page 193 ---
The Corporate Account 
Deposits. An Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the Account Bank 
into which: 
(i) 
10 Business Days after the Initial Issue Date an amount equal to Euro 150,000.00 will be 
credited; 
(ii) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to the Covered Bonds Guarantor Retention 
Amount will be credited. 
Withdrawals. The Expenses due and payable at any time within each Guarantor Interest Period will be 
paid with the monies standing to the credit of the Corporate Account. 
(the Corporate Account) 
The Transaction Account 
Deposits. An Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the Account Bank 
into which: 
(i) 
2 Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, (a) any amount standing to the credit 
of the Investment Account (other than the CB Swaps Accumulation Amount, the Interest 
Accumulation Amount and the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount) shall be transferred and 
(b) any amounts to be paid by the Hedging Counterparty under the TBG Swaps will be credited.  
(ii) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date (a) any amount to be paid under the CB Swaps 
on such CB Payment Date and deposited on the Investment Account shall be transferred and 
(b) the amounts to be paid by the CB Hedging Counterparty under the CB Swaps will be 
credited.  
(iii) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date any Interest Accumulation Amount deposited 
on the Investment Account shall be transferred. 
(iv) 
2 Business Days prior to each CB Payment Date falling after the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default or an Article 74 Event, any amount to be paid under the Covered Bonds on such CB 
Payment Date shall be transferred from the Investment Account. 
(v) 
2 Business Days prior to each date on which a purchase price has to be paid under the Master 
Transfer Agreement, the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount shall be transferred from the 
Investment Account to the Transaction Account upon instruction of the Servicer. 
(vi) 
Any drawdown under the Subordinated Loan Agreement will be credited.  
Withdrawals: 
(i) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager will execute payments or credit the 
relevant amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments (including the purchase 
price of Public Assets and Integration Assets funded through Available Funds).  
(ii) 
on each CB Payment Date the Cash Manager will execute payments under the CB Swaps. 
(iii) 
1 Business Day prior to each CB Payment Date falling after an Issuer Event of Default or an 
Article 74 Event or a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default, the Cash Manager will

--- Page 194 ---
transfer to the Paying Agent the amounts necessary to execute payments of interests and 
principal due in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Defaults Priority of Payments.  
(iv) 
2 Business Days following the relevant CB Payment Date, any amount in excess, after 
payments of the amounts mentioned above, will be transferred to the Investment Account by 
the Cash Manager. 
(v) 
On the date on which the Definitive Purchase Price of the New Portfolio or the Rectified 
Purchase Price of the New Portfolio has to be paid in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement, an amount equal to the lower of (a) the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount and 
(b) the Definitive Purchase Price of the New Portfolio or the Rectified Purchase Price of the 
New Portfolio, as the case may be, will be transferred to the Seller by the Cash Manager.  
(vi) 
2 Business Days following the payment under the preceding paragraph, any amount equal to 
the positive difference, if any, between the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount and the 
Definitive Purchase Price of the New Portfolio or Rectified Purchase Price of the New Portfolio, 
as the case may be, actually paid to the Seller will be transferred to the Investment Account by 
the Cash Manager. 
(vii) 
The Cash Manager will execute payments for the purchase of any Public Assets and Integration 
Assets funded through the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Transfer Agreement. 
(the Transaction Account).”

--- Page 195 ---
CASH FLOWS 
This section summarises the cash flows of the Covered Bonds Guarantor only, as to the allocation and 
distribution of amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts and their order of priority (all such orders 
of priority, the Priority of Payments) (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following an Issuer Event of Default but prior to a Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Event of Default and (c) following a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay 
(or following the withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay), the Covered Bonds Guarantor will use 
Interest Available Funds (as defined below) to make payments in the order of priority set out below (in 
each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any and all 
taxes due and payable by the Covered Bonds Guarantor;  
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
Expenses, to the extent that such costs and expenses are not met by utilising any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account and/or the Corporate Account on the Guarantor 
Payment Date falling in March and September of each year and (b) to credit the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Disbursement Amount into the Expenses Account and the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Retention Amount into the Corporate Account; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any amount 
due and payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, 
the Calculation Agent, the Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio 
Manager, the Swap Service Providers and the Servicer;  
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payments, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor 
Payment Date, under the TBG Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, other than in 
respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the CB Swaps or 
to credit to the Investment Account an amount equal to the CB Swaps Interest Accumulation 
Amount to be used for Hedging Senior Payments, other than in respect of principal, under the 
CB Swaps after the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; and (c) to credit to the Investment 
Account an amount equal to the Interest Accumulation Amount, to be used for any interest 
payment due on the CB Payment Dates falling during the Guarantor Interest Period starting 
from such Guarantor Payment Date, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds in relation to 
which no CB Swaps have been entered into; 
(v) 
fifth, to credit to the Investment Account an amount equal to the Reserve Fund Required 
Amount; 
(vi) 
sixt, if an ATI Agent Trigger Event occurs and is continuing and no other ATI Agent Remedy 
Actions has been implemented, to credit to the Investment Account an amount equal to the ATI 
Commingling Reserve Amount; 
(vii) 
seventh, to credit to the Principal Receivables Collection Account an amount equal to the 
amounts paid under item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payment on any 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date and not yet repaid under this item (vii);

--- Page 196 ---
(viii) 
eighth, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, to credit all remaining Interest Available 
Funds to the Investment Account until such Servicer Termination Event is either remedied by 
the Servicer or waived by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or a new servicer is 
appointed to service the Portfolio (or the relevant part thereof); 
(ix) 
ninth, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test or the Tests are not satisfied on the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date or an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default has occurred on or prior such Guarantor Payment 
Date or the Issuer has not paid interest and principal due on the CB Payment Dates in the 
immediately previous Guarantor Interest Period, to credit all remaining Interest Available 
Funds to the Investment Account until the following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(x) 
tenth, to pay any amount arising out of any termination event under any Swap Agreements not 
provided for under item (iv) above; 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay pari passu and pro rata, any other amount due and payable to the Seller, the 
Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction Document (other than the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any amount 
due and payable as Minimum Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan; 
(xiii) 
thirteenth, to pay any Premium Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan.  
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay 
(or following the withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay), the Covered Bonds Guarantor will use 
Principal Available Funds to make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if 
and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) to (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payment, to the extent that the Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments in full;  
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payment in respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date under the TBG Swaps and (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of principal 
due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the CB Swaps or to credit to the 
Investment Account an amount equal to the CB Swaps Principal Accumulation Amount to be 
used for Hedging Senior Payment under the CB Swaps after the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(iii) 
third, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is satisfied, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay the purchase price of the Public Assets and/or Integration 
Assets offered for sale by the Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer in the context 
of Revolving Assignment in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement 
or any amount due to the Seller as purchase price in the context of Revolving Assignment 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement that was not paid on the previous Guarantor 
Payment Date, (b) to credit to the Investment Account the Purchase Price Accumulation 
Amount;

--- Page 197 ---
(iv) 
fourth, to deposit on the Investment Account any residual Principal Available Funds in an 
amount sufficient to ensure that taking into account the other resources available to the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor, the Tests are met;  
(v) 
fifth, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, all residual Principal Available Funds to be 
credited to the Investment Account until such event of default of the Servicer is either remedied 
by the Servicer or waived by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or a new servicer 
is appointed to service the Portfolio (or the relevant part thereof); 
(vi) 
sixth, if the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test or the Tests are not satisfied on the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date or an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default has occurred on or prior such Guarantor Payment 
Date or the Issuer has not paid interest and principal due on the CB Payment Dates in the 
immediately previous Guarantor Interest Period, to credit all remaining Principal Available 
Funds to the Investment Account until the following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay any amount arising out of any termination event under any Swap Agreements 
not provided for under item (ii) above; 
(viii) 
eight, to pay pari passu and pro rata any other amount due and payable to the Seller, the 
Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any Transaction Document (other than the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement) not already provided for under item (xi) of the Pre-Issuer 
Default Interest Priority of Payment; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay the amount (if any) due to the Seller as principal redemption under the 
Subordinated Loan (including as a consequence of “richiesta di rimborso anticipato” as 
indicated therein) provided that the Tests and the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test are still satisfied 
after such payment. 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not 
been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, but prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bonds Guarantor Events 
of Default, the Covered Bonds Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make payments in the order 
of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have 
been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses 
and taxes, in order to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to 
comply with applicable legislation; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Receivables 
Collection Account Bank, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Administrative Services 
Provider, the Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Swap Service 
Providers and the Servicer and (b) to credit the Covered Bonds Guarantor Disbursement 
Amount into the Expenses Account and the Covered Bonds Guarantor Retention Amount into 
the Corporate Account;  
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor 
Payment Date, under the TBG Swaps, (b) to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, other than in 
respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date under the CB Swaps or 
to credit to the Investment Account an amount equal to the CB Swaps Interest Accumulation

--- Page 198 ---
Amount to be used for Hedging Senior Payments, other than in respect of principal, under the 
CB Swaps after the relevant Guarantor Payment Date and (c) to pay any interest due and 
payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or to credit to the Investment Account an amount 
equal to the Interest Accumulation Amount, to be used for any interest payment due on the CB 
Payment Dates falling during the Guarantor Interest Period starting from such Guarantor 
Payment Date, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds in relation to which no CB Swaps 
have been entered into;  
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, 
(a) 
to pay any Hedging Senior Payment in respect of principal due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, under the TBG Swaps; 
(b) 
to pay any amount in respect of principal due and payable on each Series of Covered 
Bonds on each CB Payment Date falling on such Guarantor Payment Date or to credit 
to the Investment Account any amount in respect of principal to be paid on each CB 
Payment Dates falling during the Guarantor Interest Period starting from such 
Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(c) 
to pay any Hedging Senior Payment, in respect of principal, due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date under the CB Swaps or to credit to the Investment Account 
an amount equal to the CB Swaps Principal Accumulation Amount to be used for 
Hedging Senior Payments under the CB Swaps during the Guarantor Interest Period 
starting from such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(v) 
fifth, to deposit on the Investment Account any residual amount until all Covered Bonds are 
fully repaid or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered 
Bonds outstanding has been accumulated; 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
arising out of any termination event under any Swap Agreement not provided for under items 
(iii) and (iv) above; 
(vii) 
seventh, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been repaid in 
full or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds 
outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any other amount due and payable to the Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any) 
or the Issuer under any Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
(viii) 
eighth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been repaid in full 
or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds 
outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due as Minimum Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan; 
(ix) 
ninth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been repaid in full 
or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds 
outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due as principal under the Subordinated Loan; 
(x) 
tenth, to the extent that all the Covered Bonds issued under any Series have been repaid in full 
or an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds 
outstanding has been accumulated, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due as Premium Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan.

--- Page 199 ---
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice, the Covered Bonds Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make payments in the order of 
priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been 
made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses 
and taxes; 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amounts due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Receivables 
Collection Account Bank, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Swap Service 
Providers and the Servicer and to credit an amount up to the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Disbursement Amount into the Expenses Account and the Covered Bonds Guarantor Retention 
Amount into the Corporate Account; 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payment, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor 
Payment Date, under the TBG Swaps, and (b) to pay any amount, other than in respect of 
principal, due and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds and (c) to pay any Hedging Senior 
Payments, other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date 
under the CB Swaps;  
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payment in respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date, under the TBG Swaps, (b) to pay any amount in respect of principal due and payable 
under each Series of Covered Bonds on such Guarantor Payment Date and (c) to pay any 
Hedging Senior Payments in respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment 
Date under the CB Swaps; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
arising out of any termination event under any Swap Agreements not provided for under items 
(iii) and (iv) above;  
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any other 
amount due and payable to the Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any) or the Issuer under any 
Transaction Document (other than the Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
due as Minimum Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any amounts 
due as principal under the Subordinated Loan; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
due as Premium Interest Amount under the Subordinated Loan.

--- Page 200 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds to the Issuer from the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will be used by Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group for general funding purposes.

--- Page 201 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master Transfer Agreement 
Pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into on 20 May 2009 and subsequently amended (the 
Master Transfer Agreement), the Seller assigned and transferred the Initial Portfolio to the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor, without recourse (pro soluto), in accordance with Law 130. Furthermore, the Seller 
and the Covered Bonds Guarantor agreed that the Seller may assign and transfer Public Assets and/or 
Integration Assets to the Covered Bonds Guarantor from time to time, on a revolving basis, in the cases 
and subject to the limits for the transfer of further Public Assets and/or Integration Assets. 
Further Assignments 
For the assignment of each New Portfolio, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall pay the Seller an amount 
equal to the sum of the individual price of each Receivable and Security of all the Receivables or 
Securities in such New Portfolio, to be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth under the 
Master Transfer Agreement.  
The Receivables comprised in each New Portfolio shall comply with the General Criteria (if applicable 
in relation to the relevant issuance, the Specific Criteria) on the relevant Cut-off Date. Each Portfolio 
may be composed by Integration Assets provided that the total amount of such Integration Assets does 
not exceed the Integration Assets Limit.  
The Further Assignments shall be aimed at: 
(a) 
issuing further Covered Bonds funded by means of amounts drawn under the Subordinated 
Loan, (the Issuance Collateralisation Assignment); or  
(b) 
investing principal Collections by means of purchasing further Public Assets using the principal 
collections received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor in relation to the Public Assets and 
Integration Assets which are part of the Portfolio and in accordance with the relevant Priorities 
of Payments (the Revolving Assignment); or 
(c) 
complying with the Tests, and preventing the breach of the Tests, in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement (the Integration Assignment), subject to the Integration 
Assets Limits. 
The obligation of the Covered Bonds Guarantor to purchase any New Portfolio shall be conditional 
upon, inter alia, (a) the existence of Principal Available Funds with reference to the Pre-Issuer Default 
Principal Priority of Payments for the carrying out of the Revolving Assignments, and (b) the funding 
of the requested amounts under the relevant Subordinated Loan for the carrying out of Issuance 
Collateralisation Assignments or Integration Assignments; 
The obligation of the Covered Bonds Guarantor to purchase any New Portfolio shall be also subject to 
certain conditions subsequent set out in the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Criteria 
Each of the Receivables forming part of the Portfolio shall comply with all the General Criteria and to 
the applicable Specific Criteria.

--- Page 202 ---
Price Adjustments 
The Master Transfer Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which: 
(i) 
if, following the relevant Cut-off Date, any Receivable which is part of the Portfolio does not 
meet the Criteria, then such Receivable will be deemed not to have been assigned and 
transferred to the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement; 
(ii) 
if, following the relevant Cut-off Date, any Receivable which meets the Criteria but it is not 
part of the Portfolio, then such Receivable shall be deemed to have been assigned and 
transferred to the Covered Bonds Guarantor with effects as of the Effective Date of the relevant 
Portfolio, pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Repurchase of Receivables and Pre-emption right 
The Seller is granted an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to repurchase 
Receivables or Securities individually or in block, also in different tranches. In order to exercise the 
option right, the Seller is required to pay the Covered Bonds Guarantor an amount to be calculated in 
accordance with the provisions set forth under the Master Transfer Agreement. The exercise of the 
option right shall be conditional upon, inter alia, (a) the verification by the Calculation Agent, and the 
confirmation of the Seller, that the exercise of such right shall not cause the breach of the Tests and (b) 
the absence of the Issuer Events of Default set forth under Condition 11(c) (Issuer Event of Default) 
point (iii) (Insolvency). 
The Seller is granted a pre-emption right to repurchase Receivables or Securities to be sold by the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor to third parties, at the same terms and conditions provided for such third 
parties. Such pre-emption rights shall cease should the Seller be submitted to any of the procedures set 
forth in Title V of the Banking Law. 
Termination of the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s obligation to purchase and termination of the 
agreement 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Covered Bonds Guarantor to purchase 
New Portfolios shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (i) a breach of the 
undertakings and duties assumed by the Seller pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the event such 
breach is not cured within the period specified in the Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise not 
curable; (ii) a breach of the Seller’s representations and warranties given in any of the Transaction 
Documents; (iii) a Seller’s material adverse change; (iv) an event which is negatively affecting the 
corporate and financial situation of the Seller (inter alia, enforcement against the Sellers’ assets, 
winding-up of the Seller, opening of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding); (v) a change of control of 
the Seller and consequent exit from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group; (vi) a change in law and regulations 
following to which the issue of Covered Bonds is impossible or less convenient, both from an economic 
and commercial point of view, for the parties; (vii) the Seller being notified of the commencement of a 
judicial proceeding which may reasonably cause the occurrence of a material adverse change of the 
Seller; (viii) the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default notified by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders both to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor. Further to the occurrence of an event 
described above, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall no longer be obliged to purchase New Portfolios. 
Undertakings 
The Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Seller in respect of its 
activities in relation to the Receivables or Securities. The Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain 
from carrying out activities with respect to the Receivables or Securities which may prejudice the 
validity or recoverability of any Receivable or Security and in particular not to assign or transfer the

--- Page 203 ---
Receivables or Securities to any third party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or 
encumbrance or other right in favour of any third party in respect of the Receivables or Securities. The 
Seller has also undertaken to refrain from any action which could cause any of the Receivable or 
Security to become invalid or to cause a reduction in the amount of any of the Receivable or Security 
or the Guarantee. The Master Transfer Agreement also provides that the Seller shall waive any set off 
rights in respect of the Receivables or Securities, and cooperate actively with the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor in any activity concerning the Receivables or Securities. 
Governing Law 
The Master Transfer Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 20 May 2009, the Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor entered into a warranty and indemnity 
agreement, subsequently amended, (the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement), pursuant to which the 
Seller made certain representations and warranties to the Covered Bonds Guarantor.  
Specifically, as of the date of execution of the Transfer Agreement and as of each Issue Date, the Seller 
has given and will give to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, inter alia, representations and warranties 
about: (i) its status and powers, (ii) the information and the documents provided to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, (iii) its legal title on the Receivables or Securities, (iv) the status of the Receivables or 
Securities, (v) the terms and conditions of the Receivables or Securities. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller has undertaken to fully and promptly 
indemnify and hold harmless the Covered Bonds Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents (each, 
an Indemnified Person), from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and 
expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and disbursements and any value 
added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for damages by third parties) awarded against, or 
incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations and/or warranties made by the Seller under 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, and certain representations and/or warranties made by the 
Seller under the Master Transfer Agreement, being materially false, incomplete or incorrect and/or 
failure by the Seller to perform any of the obligations and undertakings assumed by the Seller. 
Without prejudice of the foregoing, the Seller has further undertaken that, if any Receivable does not 
exist, in whole or in part, (including where such non existence is based only on a judicial pronouncement 
that is not definitive), the Seller shall immediately pay the Covered Bonds Guarantor any damage, costs, 
expenses incurred by the Covered Bonds Guarantor. In the event that, thereafter, any definitive judicial 
pronouncement recognises that such Receivable exists, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall repay the 
amounts mentioned above received by the Seller on the immediately subsequent Guarantor Payment 
Date, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments.  
Governing Law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 20 May 2009, the Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor entered into a subordinated loan 
agreement, as subsequently amended, (the Subordinated Loan Agreement), pursuant to which the 
Seller granted the Covered Bonds Guarantor a subordinated loan (the Subordinated Loan) with a 
maximum amount equal to the Maximum Amount, as amended from time to time. Under the provisions 
of such agreement, upon the relevant disbursement notice being filed by the Covered Bonds Guarantor, 
the Seller shall make advances to the Covered Bonds Guarantor in amounts equal to the relevant price

--- Page 204 ---
of the New Portfolios transferred from time to time to the Covered Bonds Guarantor in order to carrying 
out (a) Issuance Collateralisation Assignment or (b) Integration Assignment.  
The Covered Bonds Guarantor shall pay any amounts due under the Subordinated Loan in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments. The Subordinated Loan shall be remunerated by way of the 
Subordinated Loan Interest Amount. 
Governing Law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Covered Bonds Guarantee 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Covered Bonds Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (the Covered Bonds Guarantee), in accordance 
with the provisions of Law 130 and of the MEF Decree. 
Under the terms of the Covered Bonds Guarantee, if the Issuer defaults in the payment on the due 
date (subject to any applicable grace periods) of any moneys due and payable under or pursuant to 
the Covered Bonds, or if any other Issuer Event of Default or an Article 74 Event occurs, the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor has agreed (subject as described below) to pay, or procure to be paid, following 
service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of the Notice to Pay or an Article 74 
Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), unconditionally and irrevocably to or to the order of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any 
amounts due under the Covered Bonds as and when the same were originally due for payment by 
the Issuer, as of any Maturity Date or, if applicable, Extended Maturity Date by the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, paragraph 1, of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the guarantee 
provided under the Covered Bonds Guarantee is a first demand (a prima richiesta), unconditional, 
irrevocable (irrevocabile) and independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and therefore provides for 
direct and independent obligations of the Covered Bonds Guarantor vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders 
and with limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or 
unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. The provisions of the Italian Civil 
Code relating to fideiussione set forth in articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 
(Limiti della fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Escussione preventiva), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal 
fideiussore), 1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del 
fideiussore per obbligazione futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell’obbligazione principale) shall not apply 
to the Covered Bonds Guarantee. 
Following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default and the service of an 
Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor shall pay or procure to be paid on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date to the 
Covered Bondholders an amount equal to those Guaranteed Amounts which shall become due for 
payment in accordance with the relevant Conditions, but which have not been paid by the Issuer to the 
relevant Covered Bondholder on the relevant Scheduled Payment Date. 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default and the service by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice in 
respect of all Covered Bonds, which shall become immediately due and repayable, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor shall pay or procure to be paid on the Due for Payment Date to the Covered Bondholders, 
the Guaranteed Amounts for all outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Following service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay 
on the Covered Bonds Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of

--- Page 205 ---
Default, payment by the Covered Bonds Guarantor of the Guaranteed Amounts pursuant to this Covered 
Bonds Guarantee will be made, subject to and in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payments, on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, provided that, if an Extended Maturity 
Date is envisaged under the relevant Final Terms and actually applied, any amount representing the 
Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor on any Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date. In addition, to the extent that the Covered Bonds Guarantor has insufficient 
moneys available after payment of higher ranking amounts and taking into account amounts ranking 
pari passu therewith in the relevant Priorities of Payments, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall make 
partial payments of the Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payment. 
Following service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice all Covered Bonds will 
accelerate, in accordance with the Conditions, against the Covered Bonds Guarantor, becoming due and 
payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves and the Available Funds shall be applied in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payment.  
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or other governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
assessments or other governmental charges are required by law or regulation or administrative practice 
of any jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the Covered Bonds Guarantor will 
pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall account to the appropriate 
tax authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The Covered Bonds Guarantor will 
not be obliged to pay any amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect of the amount of such 
withholding or deduction. 
Exercise of rights 
Following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event and service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has 
not been withdrawn) on the Covered Bonds Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of any Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Events of Default, the Covered Bonds Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 4, paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree shall temporarily substitute for the Issuer in all obligations 
of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally 
set out for the Covered Bonds, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such 
circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal from the Covered Bonds Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration 
of the substitution of the Covered Bonds Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the 
Available Funds. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (other than the event referred under Condition 
12(c) (iii)) and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bonds Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence 
of any Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, in accordance with 
the provisions set forth under the Covered Bonds Guarantee (as well as in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 4, paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree), shall substitute the Issuer in all obligations 
of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally 
set out for the Covered Bonds, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such 
circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal from the Covered Bonds Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration 
of the substitution of the Covered Bonds Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds Guarantor (directly or through the

--- Page 206 ---
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the 
Available Funds. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default referred under Condition 11(c) (iii) and service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bonds Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Events of Default, as of the date of administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) of the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of Article 
4, paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree shall substitute the Issuer in all obligations of the Issuer towards the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the Covered 
Bonds, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the 
right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall 
exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any 
amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds. 
As a consequence and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Covered Bondholders have 
irrevocably delegated to the Covered Bonds Guarantor (also in the interest and for the benefit of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor) the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the performance 
of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds including any rights of 
enforcing any acceleration of payment provisions provided under the Conditions or under the applicable 
legislation. For this purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders upon request of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, shall provide the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem necessary or expedient for taking 
all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct performance of its mandate. 
In each case the Guaranteed Amounts does not include any additional amounts payable under Condition 
10(a) (Gross up by Issuer). 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds Guarantee is governed by Italian law.  
Servicing Agreement 
On 20 May 2009 the Servicer has agreed, pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement, subsequently 
amended, (the Servicing Agreement), to administer and service the Receivables or Securities, on behalf 
of the Covered Bonds Guarantor. The appointment to the Servicer is not a mandate in rem propriam 
and, therefore, the Covered Bonds Guarantor is entitled to revoke or terminate the same in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in the Servicing Agreement. 
As consideration for the activity performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing Agreement 
provides that the Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Covered Bonds Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments.

--- Page 207 ---
Servicer’s activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best diligence and 
highest ethical standards, inter alia, the activities specified below: 
(i) 
administration, management and collection of the Receivables or Securities in accordance with 
the Servicing Agreement, the Collection Policies and the OBG Regulations; management and 
administration of enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings;  
(ii) 
to perform certain activities with reference to the data processing pursuant to the Privacy Law; 
(iii) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the documents relating to the Receivables or Securities 
transferred from the Seller to the Covered Bonds Guarantor; to consent to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to examine and inspect the 
documents and to draw copies;  
(iv) 
upon the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default, the Servicer shall follow 
only the instructions given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and disregard 
those instructions given by the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except for the 
supervisory activities in accordance with the regulation of the Governor of the Bank of Italy of 3 
November 2003. Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully liable for the activities 
performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer, and shall maintain the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
fully indemnified for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a party so 
appointed by the Servicer. 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has also agreed to be responsible for verifying that the 
transaction complies with the law and this Base Prospectus, in accordance with the requirements of Law 
130. 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit, prior to the occurrence of a breach of the Tests, 
quarterly reports to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Administrative Services Provider, the Asset 
Monitor, the Rating Agency, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Hedging 
Counterparties and the Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing 
information about the Collections made in respect of the Portfolio during the preceding Collection 
Period. The reports will provide the main information relating to the Servicer's activity during the 
period, including without limitation: a description of the Portfolio (outstanding amount, principal and 
interest), information relating to delinquencies, defaults and collections during the Collection Period. 
Further to the occurrence of a breach of the Tests, and until the sixth month following the cure of such 
Tests, the Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit a monthly report, substantially equal to the 
quarterly report above mentioned, to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Administrative Services 
Provider, the Asset Monitor, the Rating Agency, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Hedging Counterparties and the Calculation Agent. The reports will provide the main information 
relating to the Servicer’s activity during the month prior to the relevant issue date of the report. 
Successor Servicer 
According to the Servicing Agreement, upon the occurrence of a termination or withdrawal event, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to withdraw the appointment of 
the Servicer and, subject to the approval in writing of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders

--- Page 208 ---
and prior written notice to the Rating Agency, to appoint a Successor Servicer. The Successor Servicer 
shall undertake to carry out the activity of administration, management and collection of the 
Receivables or Securities, as well as all other activities provided for in the Servicing Agreement by 
entering into a servicing agreement having substantially the same form and contents as the Servicing 
Agreement and accepting the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
The Covered Bonds Guarantor may terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a Successor 
Servicer following the occurrence of any of the termination event (each a Servicer Termination 
Event). The Servicer Termination Events include:  
(i) 
an insolvency, liquidation or winding up event occured with respect to the Servicer; 
(ii) 
loss of the minimum required rating provided for the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement;  
(iii) 
failure to observe or perform duties under the Transaction Documents and the continuation of 
such failure for a period of 15 Business Days following receipt of written notice from the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor where such breach prejudiced the reliance of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor on the Servicer; 
(iv) 
amendments of the functions and services involved in the management of the claims and in the 
recovery and collection procedures, if such amendments may individually or jointly, prevent 
the Servicer from fulfilling the obligations assumed under the Servicing Agreement; 
(v) 
inability of the Servicer to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy's regulations for 
entities acting as servicer. 
Governing Law 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law.  
Administrative Services Agreement 
Pursuant to an administrative services agreement entered into on 20 May 2009 (the Administrative 
Services Agreement), the Administrative Services Provider has agreed to provide the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor with a number of administrative services, including the keeping of the corporate books and 
of the accounting and tax registers. 
Governing Law 
The Administrative Services Agreement is governed by Italian law.  
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, 
subsequently amended, (the Intercreditor Agreement) among the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the 
Secured Creditors, the parties agreed that all the Available Funds of the Covered Bonds Guarantor will 
be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s payment obligations towards 
the Covered Bondholders as well as the Secured Creditors, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of 
Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, subject 
to a Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default having occurred, ensure that all the Available Funds 
are applied in or towards satisfaction of the Covered Bonds Guarantee’s payment obligations towards

--- Page 209 ---
the Covered Bondholders as well as the Secured Creditors, in accordance with the Post-Guarantor 
Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
The obligations owed by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders and each 
of the Secured Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Covered Bonds Guarantor. The 
Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors will have a claim against the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
The Covered Bonds Guarantor has granted a general irrevocable mandate to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, in the interest, and for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the other 
Secured Creditors, to act in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor on the terms and 
conditions specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, in exercising the rights of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, other than the rights related to the 
collection and recovery of the Receivables or Securities and to cash and payment services (save, in this 
respect, as provided otherwise therein).  
Governing Law 
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by Italian law.  
Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Issuer, the Cash Manager, the 
Account Bank, the Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Administrative Services Provider, 
the Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into a cash allocation, 
management and payments agreement, subsequently amended, (the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement), pursuant to which the Account Bank, the Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Servicer, the Administrative Services 
Provider and the Calculation Agent will provide the Covered Bonds Guarantor with certain calculation, 
notification and reporting services together with account handling and cash management services in 
relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts.  
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(i) 
the Receivables Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, on or 
prior to each Servicer Report Date, with a report together with account handling services in 
relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Receivables Collection 
Accounts;  
(ii) 
the Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, on or prior to each 
Servicer Report Date, with a report together with account handling services in relation to 
moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Other Accounts (as defined below);  
(iii) 
the Cash Manager will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, on or prior to each 
Servicer Report Date, with a report together with certain cash management services in relation 
to moneys standing to the credit of the Accounts; 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent will provide, inter alia, the Covered Bonds Guarantor: (i) with the 
Payments Report which will set out the Available Funds and the payments to be made on the 
following Guarantor Payment Date and (ii) with the Investors Report which will set out certain 
information with respect to the Portfolio and the Covered Bonds;

--- Page 210 ---
(v) 
the Paying Agent will provide the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor with certain 
payment services. 
Receivables Collection Account Bank  
The Receivables Collection Accounts will be opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor and 
shall be operated by the Receivables Collection Account Bank, and the amounts to the credit thereof 
shall be debited and credited in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.  
On behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Receivables Collection Account Bank shall maintain 
or ensure that records in respect of each of the Receivables Collection Accounts are maintained and 
such records will, on or prior to each Servicer Report Date, show separately: (i) the balance of each of 
Receivables Collection Accounts as of the immediately preceding Collection Date; (ii) the total interest 
accrued and paid on the Receivables Collection Accounts as of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; and (iii) details of all amounts credited to, and transfers made from, each of the Receivables 
Collection Accounts in the course of the immediately preceding Collection Date. The Receivables 
Collection Account Bank will provide information to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Administrative Services Provider and/or the Calculation Agent upon 
their request, about the balance of those of the Receivables Collection Accounts which are held with it.  
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that the 
Receivables Collection Account Bank shall always maintain the Minimum Required Receivables 
Collection Account Bank Rating provided for under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, 
and failure to so qualify shall constitute a termination event thereunder. 
The Receivables Collection Account Bank may resign from its appointment under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may jointly terminate the appointment of the Receivables Collection Account 
Bank pursuant to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. The Receivables 
Collection Account Bank shall not be released from its obligations under the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement until its substitute, to be appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Covered Bonds Guarantor jointly, has entered into the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and has accepted the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge and has entered into the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the Master Definition Agreement. 
Account Bank  
The Other Accounts will be opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor and shall be operated 
by the Account Bank, and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement.  
On behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Account Bank shall maintain or ensure that records in 
respect of each of the Accounts are maintained and such records will, on or prior to each Servicer Report 
Date, show separately: (i) the balance of each of the Other Accounts as of the immediately preceding 
Collection Date; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid on the Other Accounts as of the immediately 
preceding Collection Date; and (iii) details of all amounts or securities credited to, and transfers made 
from, each of the Other Accounts in the course of the immediately preceding Collection Period. The 
Account Bank will provide information to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Administrative Services Provider and/or the Calculation Agent, upon their 
request, about the balance of those of the Accounts which are held with it.  
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that the 
Account Bank shall always maintain the Minimum Required Account Bank Ratings, provided for under

--- Page 211 ---
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and failure to so qualify shall constitute a termination 
event thereunder. 
The Account Bank may resign from its appointment under the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
jointly terminate the appointment of the Account Bank pursuant to the terms of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. The Account Bank shall not be released from its obligations under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement until its substitute, to be appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bonds Guarantor jointly, has entered into the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement and has accepted the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge and has entered into 
the Intercreditor Agreement and the Master Definition Agreement. 
Cash Manager 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to receiving the Payments Report 
from the Calculation Agent, execute the payment instructions stated by the Calculation Agent and shall 
allocate the amounts standing on the Transaction Account according to the relevant Priorities of 
Payments, except for the payments to be carried out by the Paying Agent under the outstanding Covered 
Bonds. 
During each Collection Period, the Cash Manager may instruct the Account Bank to invest funds 
standing to the credit of the Investment Account in Eligible Investments or Authorised Investments on 
behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
Subject to compliance with the definitions of Eligible Investments and Authorised Investments and the 
other restrictions set out in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Cash Manager shall have 
absolute discretion as to the types and amounts of Eligible Investments and Authorised Investments 
which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through whom and on which markets, any purchase 
of Eligible Investments or Authorised Investments may be effected. As long as the Account Bank meets 
the requirements under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, with particular regard to the 
Minimum Required Account Bank Ratings, the Collection Accounts and the Investment Account 
constitute Eligible Investments, the Cash Manager will be under no obligation or duty whatsoever to 
instruct or consider instructing the Account Bank to invest funds standing to the credit of the Investment 
Account in any other Eligible Investment. 
On or prior to each Servicer Report Date, the Cash Manager shall deliver a copy of its report, inter alia, 
to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation 
Agent, which shall include information on the Eligible Investments and Authorised Investments. 
The Cash Manager may resign from its appointment under the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
jointly terminate the appointment of the Cash Manager pursuant to the terms of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. The Cash Manager shall not be released from its obligations under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement until its substitute, to be appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bonds Guarantor jointly, has entered into a the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and has accepted the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge and has 
entered into the Intercreditor Agreement and the Master Definition Agreement. 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will prepare a Payments Report no later than the fifth Business Day prior to each 
Guarantor Payment Date, subject to receipt by it of reports from the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the 
Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Account Bank and the Administrative Services Provider, 
which will set out the Available Funds and payments to be made on the immediately succeeding

--- Page 212 ---
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. Such Payments 
Report will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
On or prior to the Investors Report Date the Calculation Agent shall prepare and deliver, inter alios, to 
the Seller, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, 
the Administrative Services Provider, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Cash Manager, the Rating 
Agency, the Investors Report setting out certain information with respect to the Portfolio and the 
Covered Bonds and promptly publish the Investors Report on the website of the Calculation Agent. 
Paying Agent 
The Paying Agent shall, prior to the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to Pay (or 
following the withdrawal of an Article 74 Notice to Pay), make payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions, the relevant 
Final Terms and the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Following the occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default and following delivery 
of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay or of a Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Event of Default (in order to provide for the payment of the amounts due by the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bonds Guarantee), the Account Bank, 
upon instruction of the Cash Manager, shall pay, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth 
under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, to the Paying Agent, an amount equal to the 
amount necessary to execute payments of interest and principal due in relation to in respect of 
outstanding Covered Bonds on the relevant CB Payment Date. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that the Paying 
Agent shall always maintain the Minimum Required Paying Agent Ratings, provided for under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, and failure to so qualify shall constitute a termination event 
thereunder. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will, upon and in accordance with the signed, written instructions of 
the Issuer or, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Covered Bonds Guarantor or, 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, arrange for publication of any notice which is to be given to the Covered 
Bondholders by publication in a newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg, or any other 
means from time to time accepted by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and will maintain one copy 
thereof at its address and will supply a copy thereof to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will: (a) promptly forward to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor a copy of any notice or communication addressed to the Covered Bonds Guarantor or 
to the Issuer by any Covered Bondholders and which is received by the Luxembourg Listing Agent; (b) 
make available to the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Paying Agent such information in 
its possession as is reasonably required for the maintenance of the records in respect of all the Accounts; 
(c) comply with the listing rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in connection with the Programme; 
and (d) promptly inform the Covered Bonds Guarantor of any fact which may affect its duties in 
connection with the Programme.

--- Page 213 ---
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Account Bank, the Receivables Collection Account 
Bank or the Paying Agent ceasing to maintain the respective Minimum Required Ratings, either the 
Issuer (only prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and with respect to certain agents 
only), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Covered Bonds Guarantor, provided that 
(in the case of the Covered Bonds Guarantor) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders consents 
in writing to such termination, may terminate the appointment of the Account Bank, the Receivables 
Collection Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent and the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.  
Governing Law 
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement will be governed by Italian law.  
Portfolio Administration Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the 
Subordinated Loan Provider, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Calculation Agent have entered into the Portfolio Administration Agreement, 
subsequently amended. Pursuant to such agreement the Seller, the Issuer and the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor have undertaken certain obligations for the replenishment of the Portfolio in order to cure a 
breach of the Tests.  
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Calculation Agent 
has agreed to verify the compliance of the Tests and, in the event of a breach, to immediately notify in 
writing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Seller, the Asset Monitor, the 
Paying Agent, the Hedging Counterparties and the Rating Agency of such breach. On each Calculation 
Date, moreover, the Calculation Agent shall deliver an asset cover report including the relevant 
calculations in respect of the Tests to the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Seller, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Asset Monitor and the Hedging Counterparties.  
Following the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or a Notice to 
Pay (and prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default), if necessary in 
order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Portfolio Manager, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall direct the Servicer to sell 
Selected Assets in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption 
right of the Seller or the Issuer pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement or any other Transaction 
Documents. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Investment Account. Following the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay and appointment of the Portfolio Manager, the Portfolio Manager shall 
deliver the reports required by the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Following the delivery of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, direct the 
Servicer to sell Selected Assets in accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, subject to 
any pre-emption right of the Seller pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement or any other Transaction 
Documents. The proceeds of any such sale shall be applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
Governing Law 
The Portfolio Administration Agreement will be governed by Italian law.

--- Page 214 ---
Asset Monitor Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Asset Monitor, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent, the Cash Manager, the Issuer, the Seller and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
entered into an asset monitor agreement (the Asset Monitor Agreement), pursuant to which the 
Asset Monitor has agreed to perform certain tests and procedures and carry out certain monitoring 
and reporting services with respect to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has agreed with the Issuer and, upon the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, with the Covered Bonds Guarantor, subject to due receipt of the information 
to be provided by the Calculation Agent, to conduct independent tests in respect of the calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent for the Tests, as applicable with a view of verifying the compliance 
by the Covered Bonds Guarantor with such tests. 
The Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such tests no later than the relevant Asset Monitor Report 
Date (as defined under the Asset Monitor Agreement). On each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset 
Monitor shall deliver to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Servicer and the Issuer the Asset Monitor Report. 
Other than in relation to the verification of the Tests, the Asset Monitor is entitled, in the absence of 
manifest error, to assume that all information provided to it under the Asset Monitor Agreement is true 
and correct and is complete and not misleading. The results of the tests conducted by the Asset Monitor 
will be delivered to the Calculation Agent, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
In the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged to perform its services also for 
the benefit and in the interests of the Covered Bonds Guarantor (to the extent it will carry out the 
services under the appointment of the Issuer) and the Covered Bondholders and accepted that upon 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, it will receive instructions from, provide its services to, and be liable vis-à-
vis the Covered Bonds Guarantor or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on its behalf. 
The Issuer and (upon delivery of a Notice to Pay) the Covered Bonds Guarantor may, subject to the prior 
written notice to the Rating Agency and the prior written consent of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, revoke the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving not less than one year or earlier 
than one year, in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants, written notice to the Asset Monitor 
(with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer and the Calculation Agent). 
If termination of the appointment of the Asset Monitor would otherwise take effect less than 30 days 
before or after any Calculation Date immediately after which an Asset Monitor Report shall be delivered, 
then such termination shall not take effect until the tenth day following such Calculation Date. In any 
case, no revocation of the appointment of the Asset Monitor shall take effect until a successor, notified 
in writing to the Rating Agency and approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, has 
been duly appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving not less than one year (or such shorter period as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the Issuer, 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Servicer and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, provided that such resignation will not take effect unless and until, inter alia: (i) a substitute 
Asset Monitor being appointed by the Issuer and (upon delivery of a Notice to Pay) the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, with the prior written notice to the Rating Agency and with the prior written approval of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on substantially the same terms as those set out in the Asset 
Monitor Agreement; (ii) the Asset Monitor being not released from its obligations under the Asset 
Monitor Agreement until a substitute Asset Monitor has entered into such new agreement and it has 
become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement; (iii) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
after the prior written notice to the Rating Agency, consenting in writing to the resignation (such consent

--- Page 215 ---
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and (iv) if such resignation would otherwise take effect 
less than 30 days before or after any Calculation Date immediately after which an Asset Monitor Report 
shall be delivered, then such resignation shall not take effect until the tenth day following such 
Calculation Date.  
Governing Law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Issuer and Stichting Viridis 2 
entered into a quotaholders’ agreement (the Quotaholders’ Agreement), containing provisions and 
undertakings in relation to the management of the Covered Bonds Guarantor. In addition, pursuant to 
the Quotaholders’ Agreement, Stichting Viridis 2 will grant a call option in favour of the Issuer to 
purchase from Stichting Viridis 2 and Intesa Sanpaolo will grant a put option in favour of Stichting 
Viridis 2 to sell to Intesa Sanpaolo the quota of the Issuer quota capital held by Stichting Viridis 2. 
Governing Law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement will be governed by Italian law.  
Dealer Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer, the Representative of Covered Bondholders and the Dealer 
entered into a dealer agreement, subsequently amended, (the Dealer Agreement), which contains 
certain arrangements under which the Covered Bonds may be issued and sold, from time to time, by the 
Issuer to the Dealer or any other dealers. 
The Issuer, the Covered Bondholders and the Seller will indemnify the Dealer for costs, liabilities, 
charges, expenses and claims incurred by or made against the Dealer arising out of, in connection with 
or based on breach of duty or misrepresentation by the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor or the 
Seller. 
The Dealer Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealer and for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding as new dealer: (i) 
generally in respect of the Programme or (ii) in relation to a particular issue of Covered Bonds. 
The Dealer Agreement contains stabilisation provisions. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Seller give certain 
representations and warranties to the Dealer in relation to, inter alia, themselves and the information 
given by each of them in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
Governing Law 
The Dealer Agreement will be governed by Italian law.  
Subscription Agreement 
The Dealer Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be entered into in 
relation to each issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 216 ---
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Relevant Dealers will enter into a subscription 
agreement under which the Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant tranche of Covered 
Bonds, subject to the conditions set out therein. 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the appointment of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing Law 
The Subscription Agreement will be governed by Italian law.  
Deed of Pledge 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Covered Bonds Guarantor executed a deed of pledge, subsequently 
amended, (the Deed of Pledge) by means of which the Covered Bonds Guarantor pledged in favour of 
the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors all the monetary claims and rights and all the 
amounts payable from time to time (including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, 
credits and guarantees) to which the Covered Bonds Guarantor is entitled pursuant or in relation to the 
Transaction Documents (other than the English law Transaction Documents, the Deed of Pledge and 
the Conditions), including the monetary claims and rights relating to the amounts standing to the credit 
of the Accounts and any other account established by the Covered Bonds Guarantor in accordance with 
the provisions of the Transaction Documents. The Covered Bonds Guarantor will further grant a pledge 
in favour of the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors of all of its rights, title, interest and 
benefit from time to time in and to any Eligible Investments or Authorised Investments made on behalf 
of the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the amounts and the securities standing to the credit of the 
Securities Account. 
Governing Law 
The Deed of Pledge is governed by Italian law.  
Deed of Charge  
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Covered Bonds Guarantor executed a deed of charge (the Deed 
of Charge) by means of which the Covered Bonds Guarantor assigns by way of security to, and charges 
in favour of, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting in its capacity as Security Trustee 
for itself and on trust for the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors), all of its rights, title, 
interest and benefit from time to time in and to the Swap Agreements. 
Governing Law 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law.  
Swap Agreements 
CB Swaps 
In order to hedge the currency and/or interest rate exposure in relation to its floating or fixed rate 
obligations under the CB, the Covered Bonds Guarantor may enter into one or more swap transactions 
with the CB Hedging Counterparty on each Issue Date as confirmed by a confirmation (a CB Swap 
Confirmation) evidencing the terms of such transaction (a CB Swap and jointly the CB Swaps), 
subject to a 1992 International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement 
(Multicurrency - Cross Border), including Schedule, 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form

--- Page 217 ---
– Transfer)(ISDA Agreements Subject to English law) (the Credit Support Annex) and CB Swap 
Confirmation (the CB Master Agreement).  
TBG Swaps 
In order to hedge the interest rate and/or currency risks related to the transfer of each Portfolio, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor will enter into one or more swap transactions with the TBG Hedging 
Counterparty, on the date of each transfer as confirmed by a confirmation (a TBG Swap Confirmation 
and together with the CB Swap Confirmations, the Swap Confirmations) evidencing the terms of such 
transaction (a TBG Swap and jointly the TBG Swaps and together with the CB Swaps, the Swap 
Agreements), subject to a 1992 International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross Border), including Schedule, Credit Support Annex and TBG Swap 
Confirmation (the TBG Master Agreement and together with the CB Master Agreement, the Master 
Agreements). 
With respect to any Swap, the respective Hedging Counterparty will, inter alia, be required to have the 
Minimum Required Hedging Counterparty Rating provided for under the respective Master Agreement.  
In the event that the Hedging Counterparty ceases to hold a Moody’s First Trigger Required Rating 
(Initial Moody’s Rating Event), then the Hedging Counterparty shall notify the Rating Agency, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bonds Guarantor within 30 Business Days 
of such rating event and shall use its reasonable endeavors and as soon as reasonably practicable after 
such rating event and at its cost provide collateral pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Annex. 
In the event that the Hedging Counterparty shall cease to hold a Moody’s Second Trigger Required 
Rating (Subsequent Rating Event), then the Hedging Counterparty shall be required, (as soon as 
reasonably practicable after such downgrade) at its cost: 
(i) 
to continue to provide collateral under the terms of the Credit Support Annex until (ii) below 
occurs; and  
(ii) 
either to 
(a) 
transfer all its interest in, and obligations under, this Agreement to another entity that 
holds a Moody’s Second Trigger Required Rating; or 
(b) 
procure another entity that holds a Moody’s First Trigger Required Rating and/or a 
Moody’s Second Trigger Required Rating to become a guarantor in respect of the 
obligations of the Hedging Counterparty under this Agreement.  
Failure or inability by the Hedging Counterparty to comply with the obligations described above 
following an Initial Rating Event or a Subsequent Rating Event shall constitute an Additional 
Termination Event in accordance with Section 5(b)(v) of the Master Agreements in respect of which 
the Hedging Counterparty shall be the sole Affected Party. 
The Covered Bonds Guarantor may only designate an Early Termination Date if it has found a 
replacement counterparty willing to enter into a new transaction close to the current one (economic and 
legal terms). 
Each Master Agreement will terminate on the Maturity Date or, if applicable under the relevant Final 
Terms, the Extended Maturity Date or the Long Date Due For Payment Date, as the case may be, unless 
terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.

--- Page 218 ---
Under the terms of each Swap Confirmation, on or about each Payment Date, or Swap Payment Date 
in the case of the relevant Hedging Counterparty, both the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty are required to make a payment as set out in the respective Swap Confirmation.  
In the event that the Covered Bonds Guarantor fails to make any one such payment then the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty is entitled to terminate all of the Swaps to which it is a party. Upon such 
termination, the Covered Bonds Guarantor may be required to make a termination payment to the 
Hedging Counterparty. Such payment will be made in accordance with the Priority of Payments set out 
in the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event that the Hedging Counterparty fails to make any payment 
then the Covered Bonds Guarantor is entitled to terminate all of the Swaps to which such Hedging 
Counterparty is a party. In the event that following a termination due to the occurrence of an Event of 
Default, a Termination Event or Additional Termination Event, the Covered Bonds Guarantor may be 
required to make a termination payment to the Hedging Counterparty, such payment will be made in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Swaps are governed by English law.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Covered Bonds Guarantor could enter into hedging agreements, other 
than the Master Agreements, in order to hedge the interest rate and/or currency risk related to the 
transfer of each Portfolio or to the Covered Bonds. Details of such agreements will be provided for, 
from time to time, in the relevant Final Terms. 
Master Definition Agreement 
Pursuant to a master definition agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date and 
subsequently amended between the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the other parties to the Transaction 
Documents (the Master Definition Agreement), the definitions of certain terms used in the 
Transaction Documents have been agreed.  
Governing Law 
The Master Definition Agreement is governed by Italian law.  
ISP Mandate Agreement 
Pursuant to a mandate agreement entered into on 28 February 2014 between Intesa Sanpaolo, as Swap 
Service Provider, and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, Intesa Sanpaolo has agreed to provide the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor with certain services due under the Swap Agreements pursuant to the EMIR 
Regulation (the ISP Mandate Agreement). 
Governing Law 
The ISP Mandate Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 219 ---
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW  
The following is an overview only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the transactions 
described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware. It 
is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective Covered Bondholders should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Law 130, Article 7-bis thereof and BoI OBG Regulations. General remarks 
Law 130 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation process and to 
facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of Italy. Law 130 
was further amended during the following years.  
Law Decree No. 35 of 14 March 2005, converted with amendments into law by Law no. 80 of 14 May 
2005, added articles 7-bis and 7-ter to Law 130, for the purpose of allowing Italian banks to use the 
securitisation techniques introduced by Law 130 in view of issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite). 
Pursuant to article 7-bis, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to transactions involving the “true” sale 
(by way of non-gratuitous assignment) of receivables or asset backed securities issued in the context of 
securitisation transactions meeting certain eligibility criteria set out in article 7-bis and in MEF Decree, 
where the sale is to a vehicle incorporated pursuant to article 7-bis and all amounts paid by the debtors 
are to be used by the special purpose vehicle exclusively to meet its obligations under a guarantee to be 
issued by it, in view of securing the payment obligations of the selling bank or of other banks in 
connection with the issue of covered bonds. 
Pursuant to article 7-bis, the purchase price of the assets to be included in the portfolio shall be financed 
through the taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the bank selling the assets or a different bank. 
The payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under such loan shall be subordinated to the 
payment obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the counterparties of any derivative contracts 
hedging risks in connection with the assigned receivables and securities, the counterparties of any other 
ancillary contract and counterparties having a claim in relation to any payment of other costs of the 
transaction. 
The covered bonds are further regulated by the Decree of the Ministry for the Economy and Finance 
No. 310 of 14 December 2006 (MEF Decree) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy 
relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended, (the BoI 
OBG Regulations). Pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations, the covered bonds may be issued also by 
banks which are member of banking groups meeting, as of the date of issuance of the covered bonds, 
certain requirements relating to the consolidated regulatory capital and the consolidated solvency ratio 
at the group’s level. Such requirements must be complied with, as of the date of issuance of the covered 
bonds, also by banks selling the assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered 
bonds and do not fall within the same banking group. 
The Special Purpose Vehicle 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the Decree 53/2015) issued by the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. The Decree 
53/2015 came into force on 23 May 2015, repealing the Decree No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of 
the Decree 53/2015, the assignee companies which guarantee covered bonds, belonging to a banking 
group as defined by Article 60 of the Banking Law (such as ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l.), will no longer have 
to be registered in the general register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking 
Law.

--- Page 220 ---
Eligibility criteria of the assets and limits to the assignment of assets 
Under the MEF Decree, the following assets, inter alia, may be assigned to the purchasing company, 
together with any ancillary contracts aimed at hedging the financial risks embedded in the relevant 
assets: (a) loans extended to, or guaranteed by, the following entities, and securities issued or guaranteed 
by the same entities: (i) Admitted States, including therein any Ministries, municipalities (enti pubblici 
territoriali), national or local entities and other public bodies, which attract a risk weighting factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised 
approach; (ii) public administrations of States other than Admitted States which attract a risk weighting 
factor equal to 0 per cent. pursuant to Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised 
approach, municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying out economic activities 
(organismi pubblici non economici) of States other than Admitted States which attract a risk weight 
factor not exceeding 20 per cent. pursuant to Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - 
standardised approach (provided that such receivables and securities may not exceed 10 per cent. of the 
nominal value of the assets held by the covered bonds guarantor); (b) asset backed securities issued in 
the context of securitisation transactions, meeting the following criteria: (i) the relevant securitised 
receivables comprise, for an amount equal at least to 95 per cent., loans and securities referred to in 
letter (a) above; (ii) the relevant asset backed securities attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 
per cent. under the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach. 
The BoI OBG Regulations set out certain requirements for banks belonging to banking groups with 
respect to the issuance of covered bonds to be met at the time of the relevant issuance: 
(i) 
a regulatory capital on a consolidated basis of not less than Euro 250,000,000.00; and 
(ii) 
an overall capital ratio on a consolidated basis of not less than 9 per cent. 
The above mentioned requirements must be complied with, as of the date of the assignment, also by the 
banks selling the assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds and do 
not fall within the same banking group. 
If the bank selling the assets does not belong to a banking group, the above mentioned requirements 
relate to the individual regulatory capital and/or overall capital ratio. 
Banks not complying with the above mentioned requirements may set up covered bond programmes 
only prior notice to the Bank of Italy, which may start an administrative process to assess the compliance 
with the required requirements. 
Moreover, the BoI OBG Regulations set out certain limits to the possibility for banks to assign eligible 
assets, which are linked to the tier 1 ratio (T1R) and common equity tier 1 ratio (CET1R) of the 
individual bank (or of the relevant banking group, if applicable), in accordance with the following grid, 
contained in the BoI OBG Regulations: 
 
Ratios 
Limits to the assignment 
Group “a” 
T1R ≥ 9 % and CET1R ≥ 8 % 
No limits 
Group “b” 
T1R ≥ 8 % and CET1R ≥ 7 % 
Assignment allowed up to 60% of the 
eligible assets 
Group “c” 
T1R ≥ 7 % and CET1R ≥ 6 % 
Assignment allowed up to 25% of the 
eligible assets

--- Page 221 ---
The relevant T1R and CET1R set out in the grid relate to the aggregate of the covered bonds transactions 
launched by the relevant banking group or individual bank, as the case may be. If foreign entities 
belonging to the banking group of the bank selling the assets have issued covered bonds in accordance 
with their relevant jurisdiction and have therefore segregated part of their assets to guarantee the 
relevant issuances, the limits set out above shall be applied to the eligible assets held by the Italian 
companies being part of the assigning bank's banking group. 
In addition to the above, certain further amendments have been introduced in respect of the monitoring 
activities to be performed by the asset monitor. 
The limits to the assignment set out above do not apply to Integration (as defined below) of the portfolio, 
provided that Integration is allowed exclusively within the limits set out by the BoI OBG Regulations. 
The substitution of eligible assets included in the portfolio with other eligible assets of the same nature 
is also permitted, provided that certain conditions indicated under the BoI OBG Regulations are met. 
Ring-Fencing of the assets 
Under the terms of article 3 of Law 130, all the receivables relating to a Law 130 transaction, the 
relevant collections and the financial assets purchased using the collections arising from the relevant 
receivables will by operation of law be segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the special 
purpose vehicle and from those relating to the other Law 130 transactions carried out by the same special 
purpose vehicle On a winding up of the special purpose vehicle such assets will only be available to 
holders of the covered bonds in respect of which the special purpose vehicle has issued the covered 
bond guarantee and to the other secured creditors of the special purpose vehicle. In addition, the assets 
relating to a particular covered bond transaction will not be available to the holders of covered bonds 
issued under any other covered bond transaction or to general creditors of the special purpose vehicle.  
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle which is not a party to the 
transaction documents would be able to commence insolvency or winding up proceedings against the 
special purpose vehicle in respect of any unpaid debt. 
The assignment 
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by article 58 paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 of the 
Banking Law. The prevailing interpretation of these provisions, which view has been strengthened by 
article 4 of Law 130, is that:  
(a) 
as from the date of publication in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) of the notice of assignment of the relevant receivables in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of Article 58 of the Banking Law, the assignment of 
the relevant receivables will become enforceable against: 
(i) 
any creditors of the seller of the relevant receivables who have not commenced 
enforcement by means of obtaining an attachment order (pignoramento) prior to the 
date of publication of the notice of assignment of the relevant receivables; 
(ii) 
a receiver in the insolvency of the seller of the relevant receivables; and 
(iii) 
prior assignees of the relevant receivables who have not perfected their assignment by 
way of (A) notifying the assigned debtors or (B) making the assigned debtors 
acknowledge the assignment by an acceptance bearing a date certain at law (data certa) 
prior to the date of publication of the notice of assignment of the relevant receivables 
or in any other way permitted under applicable law,

--- Page 222 ---
without the need to follow the ordinary rules under Article 1265 of the Italian Civil Code as to 
making the assignment effective against third parties; and 
(b) 
as from the later of (A) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment of the relevant 
receivables, and (B) the date of registration (iscrizione) of such notice with the Companies’ 
Register of the district where the issuer is enrolled, in accordance with the applicable provisions 
of Article 58 of the Banking Law, the assignment of the relevant receivables will also become 
enforceable against: 
(i) 
the assigned debtors; and 
(ii) 
a receiver in the insolvency of the assigned debtors (so that any payments made by an 
assigned debtor to the purchasing company may not be subject to any claw back action 
according to Article 65 and Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law), 
without the need to follow the ordinary rules under Article 1264 of the Italian Civil Code as to making 
the assignment effective against the assigned debtor. 
The benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the 
relevant receivables will automatically be transferred to and perfected with the same priority in favour 
of the special purpose vehicle, without the need for any formality or annotations. 
As from the date of publication of the assignment of the relevant receivables in the Official Gazette of 
the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), no legal action may be brought to 
attach the relevant receivables, or the sums derived therefrom, other than for the purposes of enforcing 
the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and to meet the costs of the transaction. 
Article 7-bis provides for a special regime for the assignment of claims against public administrations, 
which deviates from the generally applicable regime (set out by articles 69 and 70 of Royal Decree no. 
2440 of 18 November 1923). Article 7-bis, paragraph 4, expressly provides that articles 69 and 70 of 
Royal Decree no. 2440 of 1923 shall not apply to assignments of assets under Article 7-bis. 
Accordingly, the assignment of receivables against public administration shall be governed by the same 
rules governing the assignment of other receivables in the context of Article 7-bis and Law 130. 
However, Article 7-bis, paragraph 4, also provides that where the functions of servicer (soggetto 
incaricato della riscossione dei crediti) are attributed, in the context of covered bonds transaction, to 
an entity other than the assigning bank (whether from the outset or eventually), notice of such 
circumstance shall be given by way of publication in the Italian Official Gazette and registered mail 
with return receipt to the relevant public administrations. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under article 67 of the 
Bankruptcy Law but only in the event that the transaction is entered into (i) in cases where paragraph 2 
of article 67 applies, within three months of the adjudication of bankruptcy of the relevant party or (ii) 
in cases where paragraph 1 of article 67 applies, within six months of the adjudication of bankruptcy. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the covered bonds guarantee 
are subject to the provisions of article 67, paragraph 4, of the Bankruptcy Law, pursuant to which the 
provisions of article 67 relating to the claw back of for-consideration transactions, payments and 
guarantees do not apply to certain transactions. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose vehicle may 
not be subject to any claw back action according to Article 65 and 67 of the Bankruptcy Law.

--- Page 223 ---
Tests set out in the MEF Decree 
Pursuant to article 3 of the MEF Decree, the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent different 
from the issuing bank), will have to ensure that, in the context of the transaction, the following tests are 
satisfied on an ongoing basis: 
(i) 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the portfolio shall be greater than or equal to the 
aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding covered bonds;  
(ii) 
the net present value of the portfolio, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the special 
purpose vehicle, including therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging arrangement 
entered into in relation to the transaction, shall be greater than or equal to the net present value 
of the outstanding covered bonds; 
(iii) 
the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the portfolio, net of the costs borne by 
the special purpose vehicle, shall be greater than or equal to the interest and costs due by the 
bank under the outstanding covered bonds, taking also into account any hedging arrangements 
entered into in relation to the transaction. 
Integration Assets 
For the purpose of ensuring compliance with the tests described above and pursuant to article 2 of the 
MEF Decree, in addition to assets which are eligible in accordance with article 2, paragraph 1 of the 
MEF Decree, the following assets may be used for the purpose of the integration of the portfolio: 
(a) 
the creation of deposits with banks incorporated in Admitted States or in a State which attracts 
a risk weight factor equal to 0 per cent. under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk 
measurement; 
(b) 
the assignment of securities issued by the banks referred to under (a) above, having a residual 
maturity not exceeding one year, 
(the Integration Assets). 
Integration through Integration Assets shall be allowed within the limits of 15 per cent. of the nominal 
value of the assets included in the portfolio. 
In addition, pursuant to article 7-bis of Law 130 and the MEF Decree, integration of the portfolio (the 
Integration), whether through eligible assets or Integration Assets, shall be carried out in accordance 
with the modalities, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI OBG Regulations. 
More specifically, under the BoI OBG Regulations, Integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose 
of (a) complying with tests set out in the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any contractual 
overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements and (c) complying 
with the 15 per cent. limitation of the Integration Assets included the portfolio. The limits to the 
assignment indicated above do not apply to the Integration. 
The Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI OBG Regulations.  
The features of the covered bonds guarantee  
According to article 4 of the MEF Decree the covered bonds guarantee shall be limited recourse to the 
portfolio, irrevocable, first demand, unconditional and autonomous from the obligations assumed by 
the issuer of the covered bonds. Accordingly, such obligations shall be a direct, unconditional,

--- Page 224 ---
unsubordinated obligation of the special purpose vehicle, limited recourse to the special purpose 
vehicle’s available funds, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the 
guaranteed obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds. 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the covered bonds guarantee, article 4 of 
the MEF Decree provides that the following provisions of the Italian Civil Code, generally applicable 
to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), shall not apply to the covered bonds guarantee: (a) article 1939, 
providing that a fideiussione shall not generally be valid where the guaranteed obligation is not valid; 
(b) article 1941, paragraph 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due by the 
guaranteed debtor, nor can it be granted for conditions more onerous than those pertaining to the main 
obligation; (c) article 1944, paragraph 2, providing, inter alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant 
to which the fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall not be obliged to pay before the 
attachment is carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) article 1945, providing that the guarantor 
can raise against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is entitled to raise, 
except for the objection relating to the lack of legal capacity; (e) article 1955, providing that a 
fideiussione shall become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence of acts of the creditor, the 
guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and liens (privilegi) of the 
creditor; (f) article 1956, providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be liable where the 
creditor – without the authorisation of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third party, while being 
aware that the economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that recovering the receivable 
would have become significantly more difficult; (g) article 1957, providing, inter alia, that the guarantor 
will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has become due and payable, provided that the creditor 
has filed its claim against the guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently pursued them. 
The obligations of the covered bonds guarantor following a liquidation of the Issuer 
The MEF Decree also sets out certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment 
obligations of the special purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the issuer of covered bonds. To that 
effect it requires that the covered bonds guarantee contains provisions stating that the relevant 
obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon the issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the 
covered bonds shall not automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, article 4 of the MEF Decree provides that in the event of a breach by the issuer of its 
obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations 
of the issuer – within the limits of the portfolio – in accordance with the terms and conditions originally 
set out for the covered bonds. The same provision applies where the issuer is subject to mandatory 
liquidation procedures (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). 
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by article 1186 of the 
Civil Code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the special purpose 
vehicle under the covered bonds guarantee. Pursuant to article 4 of the MEF Decree, the limitation in 
the application of Article 1186 of the Civil Code shall apply not only to the events expressly mentioned 
therein, but also to any additional event of acceleration provided for in the relevant contractual 
arrangements. 
In accordance with article 4, paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree, in case of a liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa of the issuer, the special purpose vehicle shall exercise the rights of the covered 
bondholders vis-à-vis the issuer in accordance with the legal regime applicable to the issuer. Any 
amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle as a result of the exercise of such rights shall be 
deemed to be included in the portfolio. 
The Bank of Italy shall supervise on the compliance with the aforesaid provisions, within the limits of 
the powers vested with the Bank of Italy by the Banking Law.

--- Page 225 ---
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI OBG Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of 
Covered Bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios to the 
special purpose vehicle, both in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the assigning bank 
shall request to an auditing firm a confirmation (relazione di stima) stating that, on the basis of the 
activities carried out by that auditing firm, there are no reasons to believe that the appraisal criteria 
utilised in order to determine the purchase price of the assigned assets are not in line with the criteria 
which the assigning bank must apply when preparing its financial statements. The above mentioned 
confirmation is not required if the assignment is made at the book value, as recorded in the latest 
approved financial statements of the assigning bank, on which the auditors have issued a clean opinion. 
The above mentioned confirmation is not required if any difference between the book value and the 
purchase price of the relevant assets is exclusively due to standard financial fluctuations of the relevant 
assets and is not in any way related to reductions in the qualitative aspects of those assets and/or the 
credit risk related to the relevant debtors. 
The management body of the issuing bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the risk 
management verify at least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia: 
(i) 
quality and integrity of the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle securing the obligations 
undertaken by the latter; 
(ii) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the portfolio sold to the 
special purpose vehicle for purposes of backing the issue, in accordance with the MEF Decree; 
(iii) 
compliance with the limits to the assignment and the limits to Integration set out by the BoI 
OBG Regulations; 
(iv) 
effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements 
entered into in connection with the transaction; and  
(v) 
completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information available to investors pursuant to art. 
129, paragraph 7, of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013.  
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an 
assessment is carried out on the legal aspects (profili giuridici) of the activity on the basis of specially 
issued legal opinions setting out an in-depth analysis of the contractual structures and schemes adopted, 
with a particular focus on, inter alia, the characteristics of the covered bonds guarantee. 
The BoI OBG Regulations also contain certain provisions on the asset monitor, who is delegated to 
carry out controls over the regularity of the transaction (regolarità dell’operazione) and the integrity of 
the covered bonds guarantee (integrità della garanzia) (the Asset Monitor). Due to the latest 
amendments to the BoI OBG Regulations, introduced by way of inclusion of new Part III, Chapter 3 
(Obbligazioni bancarie garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, the Asset 
Monitor is also requested to carry out controls over the information to be provided to investors 
(informativa agli investitori). Pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations the Asset Monitor shall be an 
auditing firm having adequate professional experience in relation to the tasks entrusted with the same 
and independent from (a) the bank entrusting the same and (b) the other entities which take part to the 
transaction. In order to meet this independence requirement the auditing firm entrusted with the 
monitoring must be different from the one entrusted with the auditing of the issuing bank and the selling 
bank (if different from the issuing bank) and the special purpose vehicle.

--- Page 226 ---
The Asset Monitor shall prepare annual reports on controls and assessments on the performance of 
transactions, to be addressed, inter alia, to the body entrusted with control functions of the bank which 
appointed the Asset Monitor. The BoI OBG Regulations refer to the provisions (article 52 and 61, 
paragraph 5, of the Banking Law), which impose on persons responsible for such control functions 
specific obligations to report to the Bank of Italy. Such reference appears to be aimed at ensuring that 
any irregularities found are reported to the Bank of Italy. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can perform, in an orderly and timely manner, the 
obligations arising under the covered bonds guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability 
management techniques for purposes of ensuring, including by way of specific controls at least every 
six months, that the payment dates of the cash-flows generated by the portfolio substantially match the 
payments dates with respect to payments due by the issuing bank under the covered bonds issued and 
other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bonds transactions shall assume 
contractual undertakings allowing the issuing bank (and the assigning bank, if different) also acting as 
servicer (and any third party servicer, if appointed) to hold the information on the portfolio which are 
necessary to carry out the controls described in the BoI OBG Regulations and for the compliance with 
the supervisory reporting obligations, including therein the obligations arising in connection with the 
participation to the central credit register (Centrale dei Rischi). 
Set-off  
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the 
Banking Law. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment becomes 
enforceable against the relevant Debtors as of the later of: (i) the date of the publication of the notice of 
assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana), and (ii) the date of registration of the notice of assignment in the Companies’ Register of the 
place where the Covered Bonds Guarantor has its registered office. Consequently, the rights of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the Debtors against the Seller, including 
rights of set-off on claims existing prior to publication in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and registration in the Companies' Register of the place 
where the Covered Bonds Guarantor has its registered office.  
Law Decree No. 145 introduced, inter alia, certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a 
consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by Law 130 that the Debtors cannot 
exercise rights of set-off against the Covered Bonds Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller 
after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
Usury Law 
Pursuant to the Usury Law lenders are prevented from applying interest rates higher than those deemed 
to be usurious (the Usury Rates). Usury Rates are set on a quarterly basis by a Decree issued by the 
Italian Treasury. With a view to limiting the impact of the application of the Usury Law to Italian loans 
executed prior to the entering into force of the Usury Law, Italian Law no. 24 of 28 February 2001 
(Law 24/2001) provides (by means of interpreting the provisions of the Usury Law) that an interest rate 
is usurious if it is higher than the relevant limit in force at the time at which such interest rate is promised 
or agreed, regardless of the time at which interest is repaid by the borrower. A few commentators and 
debatable lower court decisions have held that, irrespective of the principle set out in Law 24/2001, if 
interest originally agreed at a rate falling below the then applicable usury limit (and thus, not usurious) 
were, at a later date, to exceed the usury limit from time to time in force, such interest should nonetheless 
be reduced to the then applicable usury limit. The Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), under 
decision No. 24675 of 19 October 2017, rejected such interpretation and it clarified that only the

--- Page 227 ---
moment of execution of the agreement is relevant to verify if the interest rate is usurious in the mortgage 
loans with fixed interest rate. In the last years, a number of objection have been raised on the basis of 
the excess of the usury limit from the sum of the default interest and the compensatory rate, based on 
the errouneous interpretation under decision of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) no. 350 
of 2013 that the default interest is relevant for the purposes of determining if an interest rate is usurious. 
Such interpretation has been constantly rejected by the Italian Courts. Other objections raised in the last 
years are based on the violation of the Usury Law by, for example, the sole default interest exceeding 
the usury limit or making reference to additional components (such as penalties and insurance policies). 
In this respect, the Italian Courts have not reached an unanimous position. 
Indeed, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 dated 
18 September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, also 
default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with the 
Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the ‘type’ 
of rate which determined the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the entire 
amount referable to the rate which determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as 
unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the Supreme Court. 
In addition to the above and according to recent court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte 
di Cassazione), the remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate from 
time to time applicable. Based on this recent evolution of case law on the matter, it will constitute a 
breach of the Usury Law if the remuneration of a financing is lower than the applicable Usury Rate at 
the time the terms of the financing were agreed but becomes higher than the applicable Usury Rate at 
any point in time thereafter.   
Compounding of interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued 
interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when any legal 
proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian 
Civil Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary 
practices to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy have traditionally 
capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be characterised 
as a customary practice. In 1999, the Italian Court of Cassation reversed its stance and found the 
quarterly capitalisation of interest payable on current accounts to be unlawful. Following this decision, 
a series of disputes emerged on the subject of the capitalisation of interest for contracts executed prior 
to that date, whereas the problem was partly resolved for contracts executed after the amendment of 
Art. 120 of the Banking Law introduced in the interim by Legislative Decree No. 342/1999, which made 
it legal to capitalise interest payable and receivable, provided that both occur with the same frequency. 
Article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act, providing that the accrued interest 
shall not produce further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively on the 
principal amount. Paragraph 2 of article 120 of the Banking Law also requires the Comitato 
Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio (CICR) to establish the methods and criteria for the 
compounding of interest. Decree No. 343 of 3 August 2016 of the CICR, implementing paragraph 2 of 
Article 120 of the Banking Law, has been published in the Official Gazette No. 212 of 10 September 
2016.

--- Page 228 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (other than Registered 
Covered Bonds) (the Conditions and, each of them, a Condition). In these Conditions, references to the 
“holder” of Covered Bonds and to the “Covered Bondholders” are to the ultimate owners of the 
Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with the 
provisions of (i) the Financial Law and implementing regulations and (ii) the joint regulation of 
CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette no. 201 of 
30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit 
of, inter alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to, and 
forming part of, these Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of 
Covered Bonds will complete the Conditions for the purpose of such Series. 
In relation to Covered Bonds issued in registered form also as German law governed registered covered 
bonds (the Registered Covered Bonds), the terms and conditions of such Series of Registered Covered 
Bonds will be as set out in the Registered Covered Bond (and the terms and conditions of the Registered 
Covered Bonds (the Registered Covered Bond Conditions) attached as a Schedule thereto). Any 
reference to an “Registered Covered Bond Condition” other than in this section shall be deemed to be, 
as applicable, a reference to the relevant provision of the Registered Covered Bond or the Registered 
Covered Bonds Conditions attached as a schedule. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be referred to the Conditions and/or the Registered 
Covered Bonds Conditions as the context may require. Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall 
be referred to the holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time being of a 
Registered Covered Bond as the context may require. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to including the Covered Bonds issued under 
the Conditions and/or the Registered Covered Bonds as the context may require.  
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Issuer) has established a Covered Bond Programme 
(the Programme) for the issuance of up to Euro 20,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount 
of covered bonds (the Covered Bonds) guaranteed by ISP CB PUBBLICO S.r.l. (the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor). Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Article 7-bis of Law no. 130 of 30 
April 1999 (as amended, the Law 130), Decree of the Ministry for the Economy and Finance 
no. 310 of 14 December 2006 (MEF Decree) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of 
Italy relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 
2013, containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and 
amended, (the BoI OBG Regulations and jointly with Law 130 and MEF Decree, the OBG 
Regulations). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a Tranche). Each Series is the subject of final terms (the Final 
Terms) which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Covered Bonds Guarantee: Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee dated 
on or about the Initial Issue Date (the Covered Bonds Guarantee) entered into by the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect

--- Page 229 ---
of the Covered Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme. The Covered Bonds Guarantee 
will be collateralised by a cover pool constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time 
to the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement (as defined below) 
and in accordance with the provisions of the Law 130, the MEF Decree and the BoI OBG 
Regulations. 
(d) 
Dealer Agreement and Subscription Agreement: in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) has or have agreed to 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the Issuer the Issue Price for the Covered Bonds on 
the Issue Date under the terms of a dealer agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, the Dealer Agreement) between the Issuer, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor and the dealer(s) named therein (the Dealers), as supplemented (if 
applicable) by a subscription agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) on or around the date of the relevant 
Final Terms (the Subscription Agreement). In the Dealer Agreement, the Dealer has appointed 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly known as Finanziaria Internazionale 
Securitisation Group S.r.l. and then FISG S.r.l.) as representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(in such capacity, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), as described in Condition 
13 (Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
(e) 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement: In a mandate agreement with Monte Titoli dated on or about 
the Initial Issue Date (the Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement), Monte Titoli has agreed to 
provide the Issuer with certain depository and administration services in relation to the Covered 
Bonds. 
(f) 
Master Definition Agreement: In a master definition agreement dated on or about the Initial 
Issue Date (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the Master Definition 
Agreement) between all the parties to each of the Transaction Documents (as defined below), 
the definitions of certain terms used in the Transaction Documents have been agreed. 
(g) 
The Covered Bonds: Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these 
Conditions to “Covered Bonds” are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant 
Final Terms, but all references to “each Series of Covered Bonds” are to (i) the Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme which remains outstanding from time to time. 
(h) 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders: The Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Conditions. References in these 
Conditions to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders include such rules 
as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any 
agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(i) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction 
Documents and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the 
benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents applicable to them. Copies of the Transaction Documents are available for 
inspection by Covered Bondholders during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time and, where applicable, at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 230 ---
2. 
Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Covered 
Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
 
Administrative Services Agreement means an administrative services agreement entered into on 20 
May 2009 between Intesa Sanpaolo as administrative services provider and the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor; 
Amortisation Test has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
Amortisation Test Adjusted Eligible Portfolio has the meaning given to it in the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement; 
Article 74 Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(a) (Article 74 Event); 
Article 74 Notice to Pay means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event; 
Asset Monitor means the auditing company appointed as asset monitor in accordance with the Asset 
Monitor Agreement and any successor thereto; 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on or about the Initial 
Issue Date between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer; 
Available Funds shall include (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available Funds and 
(c) following an Issuer Event of Default, the amounts received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor as a

--- Page 231 ---
result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the 
MEF Decree (the Excess Proceeds). 
Banking Law means Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result 
of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, or will 
cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference 
Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate (as applicable) 
that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Covered Bondholders using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the BMR, if applicable). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Reference Rate methodology 
does not constitute a Benchmark Event. In the event of a change in the formula and/or (mathematical 
or other) methodology used to measure the Relevant Benchmark, reference shall be made to the 
Reference Rate based on the formula and/or methodology as changed. 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in Luxembourg, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 232 ---
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought back to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;  
Calculation Agent means the company appointed as calculation agent in accordance with the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the Portfolio Administration Agreement and any successor 
thereto; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement means the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the 
Cash Manager, the Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Account Bank, the Servicer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent and 
the Paying Agent; 
Cash Manager means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement; 
CB Hedging Counterparty means the party acting as hedging counterparty in accordance with the CB 
Swap and any successor thereof.  
CB Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in case 
of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the 
next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date);

--- Page 233 ---
CB Payment Date means the First CB Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first CB Payment Date) or the previous CB Payment Date (in any other case); 
CB Swap means the swap agreement entered into on or about the Issued Date between the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor and the CB Hedging Counterparty for hedging the currency / interest rate risk on the 
Covered Bonds; 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg; 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa; 
Covered Bondholders means the holders of Covered Bonds, from time to time; 
Covered Bonds Guarantor means ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l., a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) incorporated in the Republic of Italy pursuant to article 7 bis of Law 130, whose 
registered office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, Milan, Italy, share capital Euro 120,000.00, enrolled with 
the Companies Register of Milan, under no. 05936150969. 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement 
upon the occurrence of any of the Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default; 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(e) (Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Events of Default); 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and

--- Page 234 ---
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 (Fixed rate) (in respect of Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions)) is so specified, means 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a 
day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(vi) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the CB Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a CB Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366;  
(vii) 
if 30/360 (Floating Rate) (in respect of Condition 6 (Floating Rate)) is so specified, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 235 ---
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 236 ---
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
Due for Payment Date has the meaning given to such expression under the Covered Bonds Guarantee. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Early Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant 
to Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons); 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
Extension Determination Date means the date falling four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date; 
Extended Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date if any specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
(Extension of maturity). 
Extendable Maturity has the meaning given to such expression under Condition 8(b) (Extension of 
maturity). 
Extraordinary Meeting has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders attached to these Conditions;  
Final Redemption Amount means, with respect to a Series of Covered Bonds, the amount, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, representing the amount due (subject to the applicable grace period) in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bond;  
First CB Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Guaranteed Amounts means (i) prior to the service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice, with respect to any Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled 
Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Due for Payment Date, or (ii) 
after the service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant 
Early Redemption Amount (as defined and specified in the Conditions) plus all accrued and unpaid 
interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever 
the same arose) and all amounts payable by the Covered Bonds Guarantor under the Transaction 
Documents, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity

--- Page 237 ---
Date shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered 
Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the 
Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has not been paid or recovered from any other source (the 
Clawed Back Amounts). In each case the Guaranteed Amounts does not include any additional 
amounts payable under Condition 10(a) (Gross up by Issuer); 
Guarantor Payment Date means 31 March and 30 September of each year, or, if any such day is not 
a Business Day, the following Business Day or, following the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Event of Default, the earlier of (i) each Business Day falling 10 Business Days after the Business Day 
on which an amount at least equal to 10 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of all 
Series of Covered Bonds is standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and the Investment 
Account, and (ii) 31 March and 30 September of each year, or, if any such day is not a Business Day, 
the following Business Day, provided that the first Guarantor Payment Date shall be 31 March 2010. 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds means the Series of Covered Bonds in relation to which no Extended 
Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Final Redemption Amount in respect to 
such Series will be due for payment on the Maturity Date and the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test shall 
apply; 
Hedging Senior Payment means, on any relevant date, any interest and/or principal payment due under 
any CB Swap or TBG Swap, as the case may be, including any termination payment arising out of a 
termination event, other than termination payments where the relevant Hedging Counterparty is the 
defaulting party or the sole affected party, but including, in any event, the amount of any termination 
payment due and payable to the relevant Hedging Counterparty in relation to the termination of the 
relevant swap transactions to the extent of any premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred 
by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in consideration for entering into swap 
transactions with the Covered Bonds Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant CB Swaps or TBG 
Swaps. With respect to the Additional Provisions “Mark to Market Payment” in the TBG Swaps, any 
payment under this clause will be part of the Hedging Senior Payments for an amount up to the 
difference on each Guarantor Payment Date between the purchase price paid by any purchaser/s of the 
Selected Asset and the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Public Assets and Integration Assets sold 
to such purchaser/s. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Initial Issue Date means the date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of any company or corporation, that: 
(i) 
such company or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation (including, without limitation, 
fallimento, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, concordato preventivo and amministrazione 
straordinaria, each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, 
dissolution, administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any 
procedure having a similar effect (other than, in the case of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, any 
portfolio of assets purchased by the Covered Bonds Guarantor for the purposes of further 
programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of the

--- Page 238 ---
Covered Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of legal advisers selected by it), such 
proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in 
respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated 
against such company or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of legal advisers selected by it), the commencement 
of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; 
or 
(iii) 
such company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the creditors under 
the Transaction Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any 
of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension 
of payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company or corporation or any of the events under Article 2448 
of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company or corporation (except in any 
such case a winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent 
amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved in writing 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous to 
those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed 
to carry on business; 
Intercreditor Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, 
inter alios, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Servicer, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and a CB Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that CB Interest Period; 
Interest Available Funds has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the Master Definition 
Agreement. 
Interest Commencement Date means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date of 
such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Series of Covered Bonds (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
ISDA Master Agreement means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement together with the relevant 
Schedule and Credit Support Annex, as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
ISP Mandate Agreement has the meaning given in the Master Definition Agreement;

--- Page 239 ---
Issue Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(c) (Issuer Event of Default); 
Long Dated Covered Bonds means any Covered Bond issued by the Issuer in respect of which the 
Extended Maturity Date is set at the Long Date Due for Payment Date and identified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Long Date Due For Payment Date means the CB Payment Date immediately following the tenth 
anniversary of the last Maturity Date of the Public Asset or Integration Asset contained in the Portfolio; 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Master Transfer Agreement means the master transfer agreement entered into on May 20, 2009 
between the Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Required Account Bank Rating means the short term rating required by the Rating Agency 
with reference to the entity which acts in its capacity as Account Bank and which is at least equal to "P-
3" from the Rating Agency. 
Minimum Required Pre-Maturity Liquidity Guarantor Rating means the short term rating required 
by the Rating Agency with reference to the entity which acts in its capacity as guarantor in order to cure 
a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test and which is at least equal to "P-1" from the Rating Agency. 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A. a joint stock company under the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
whose registered office is at Piazza Affari 6, Milan, Italy, incorporated with Fiscal Code and VAT 
number 03638780159, registered with the Milan Register of Enterprises under number 03638780159. 
Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with 
Article 83-quater of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 and includes any depository 
banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System; 
Notice to Pay means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default; 
Official Gazette means La Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 240 ---
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders means the association of the Covered Bondholders, 
organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Series of Covered 
Bonds or any other asset the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond, Series 
of Covered Bonds or asset at such date. 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds means the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered 
Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds;  
Portfolio Administration Agreement means the portfolio administration agreement entered into on or 
about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Intercreditor Agreement.  
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Paymentshas the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression in 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Ratings means, with reference to the Issuer a short-term credit 
rating from the Rating Agency of at least P-1. 
Pre-Maturity Rating Period means the period of 12 months preceding the Maturity Date of any Series 
of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
Pre-Maturity Test Account means the account or the accounts to be opened by the Issuer for making 
deposits in any form in order to remedy a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test.

--- Page 241 ---
Principal Available Funds has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the Master Definition 
Agreement. 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Paying Agent; 
Priorities of Payments means, collectively, the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payment, the 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payment, the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments and the 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments.  
Public Assets means any Public Asset (as defined in the Master Definition Agreement) which is sold 
and assigned by the Seller to the Covered Bonds Guarantor from time to time under the terms of the 
Master Transfer Agreement; 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and the Asset Monitor by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of any Covered 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered 
Bondholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Covered Bondholder 
upon deposit of Covered Bonds with such Paying Agent by any Covered Bondholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
Quotaholders’ Agreement means the quotaholder agreement executed on or about the Initial Issue 
Date by, inter alia, the Issuer and Stichting Viridis 2, as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Paying Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding

--- Page 242 ---
the first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment 
Date to but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment 
Date falls other than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period; 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made;  
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Covered Bondholders;  
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Series, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement 
(whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor for the issue 
by the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Series pursuant to the Dealer Agreement; 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(a) 
(A) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts is 
reached, and (B) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default, the day which is two Business

--- Page 243 ---
Days following service, respectively, of the Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or the Notice to Pay on the Covered Bonds Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed 
Amounts, if such Article 74 Notice to Pay or Notice to Pay has not been served more than two 
Business Days prior to the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the 
relevant series of Covered Bonds, the CB Payment Date that would have applied if the Maturity 
Date of such series of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date or such other CB 
Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Scheduled Interest means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, on each CB Payment Dates as specified in the 
Conditions falling on or after service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or 
a Notice to Pay to the Covered Bonds Guarantor (but excluding any additional amounts relating to 
premiums, default interest or interest upon interest: the Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts), but 
including such Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) following service of 
a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become due and 
repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or where applicable, after the Maturity Date such other amounts of interest as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of 
any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made under the circumstances set out in the 
Conditions. 
Scheduled Principal means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, on each CB Payment Dates as specified 
in the Conditions falling on or after service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay to the Covered Bonds Guarantor (but excluding any additional amounts 
relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, or premiums: the 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts), but including such Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts 
(whenever the same arose) following service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice if the 
Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or, if in accordance with 
the Final Terms an Extended Maturity Date is applied to such Series, the Extended Maturity Date of 
such Series. 
Secured Creditors has the meaning given in the Master Definition Agreement; 
Selected Assets has the meaning given in the Master Definition Agreement; 
Seller means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement; 
Servicer means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing Agreement; 
Servicing Agreement means the agreement entered into on 20 May 2009 between the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor and the Servicer. 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Specified Office means with reference to the Paying Agent, Piazza del Calendario no. 3, 20126, Milan, 
Italy, or such other office in the same city or town as the Paying Agent may specify by notice to the 
Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement in the manner provided 
therein;

--- Page 244 ---
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
Subordinated Loan Agreement means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 20 May 2009 
between the Subordinated Loan Provider and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; 
Subordinated Loan Provider means Intesa Sanpaolo, and any successor thereof, appointed as 
subordinated loan provider in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code; 
Swap Agreements means collectively the CB Swaps and the TBG Swaps, including the ISDA Master 
Agreement, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system) is open. 
TBG 1 Hedging Counterparty means the bank appointed as hedging counterparty in accordance with 
the TBG 1 Swap and any successor thereof; 
TBG 2 Hedging Counterparty means the bank appointed as hedging counterparty in accordance with 
the TBG 2 Swap and any successor thereof; 
TBG Hedging Counterparties means jointly the TBG 1 Hedging Counterparty and the TBG 2 
Hedging Counterparty; 
TBG 1 Swap means any swap agreement entered into between the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the 
TBG 1 Hedging Counterparty with respect to any Portfolio of fixed rate Receivables and Securities; 
TBG 2 Swap means any swap agreement entered into between the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the 
TBG 2 Hedging Counterparty with respect to any Portfolio of floating rate Receivables and Securities; 
TBG Swaps means jointly the TBG 1 Swap and the TBG 2 Swap; 
Tests means jointly the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test, the NPV Test and the Interest 
Coverage Test as respectively defined under the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
Transaction Documents means collectively the Master Transfer Agreement, the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset 
Monitor Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Subscription Agreements, the Quotaholders’ 
Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Swap Agreements, the Master Definition 
Agreement, the Conditions, the Final Terms, the ISP Mandate Agreement and any document or 
agreement which supplement, amend or restate the content of any of the above mentioned documents 
and any other documents designated as such by the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders;

--- Page 245 ---
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 
20 May 2009 between the Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time; and 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
2.2 
Interpretation:  
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such Transaction 
Document, as amended, supplemented and/or restated up to and including the Issue Date of the 
relevant Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with 
the terms of such Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date 
thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or 
otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme 
generally or in respect of a single Series only; and 
(vi) 
any reference in any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to 
such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-
enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title  
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination 
and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with 
article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, through the authorised 
institutions listed in Article 83-quarter of such legislative decree. The Covered Bonds will at all times 
be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book-entries in accordance with the 
provisions of article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 and the joint 
regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official 
Gazette no. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended and supplemented from time to time. The Covered 
Bonds will be held by Monte Titoli on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or 
cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Covered

--- Page 246 ---
Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. For the purposes of Regulation EU 2017/1129, dematerialised Covered Bonds shall be 
deemed as having been issued in bearer form. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among 
themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of 
the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected by the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bonds Guarantee: The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of 
each Series of Covered Bonds when due for payment will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Covered Bonds Guarantor in the Covered Bonds Guarantee. However, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor shall have no obligation under the Covered Bonds Guarantee to pay 
any Guaranteed Amount on the Due for Payment Date until the occurrence of an Article 74 
Event or an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Covered Bonds Guarantor of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to 
Pay. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments. Amounts due by the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Any payment made by the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall discharge the corresponding obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate of 
Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments), up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or as the case may be, the 
Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (both before 
and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the Covered 
Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for 
any CB Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds 
are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination.

--- Page 247 ---
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered 
Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: Each Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear 
on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each Covered Bond 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be determined by the Paying 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Paying Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Paying Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Paying Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as

--- Page 248 ---
determined by the Paying Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Paying Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
day of the relevant CB Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant CB Interest Period and in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Paying 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance 
with the above provisions in relation to any CB Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Covered Bonds during such CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered 
Bonds in respect of a preceding CB Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant 
ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any CB Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Paying 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Paying Agent were acting as Paying Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a 
currency, the first day of that CB Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Fallback Provisions: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if the Issuer 
(in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the Alternative Benchmark Rate) and, in either case, an alternative screen page 
or source (the Alternative Relevant Screen Page) and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding CB Interest Period (the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest

--- Page 249 ---
applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future CB Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(f));  
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of 
interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as 
the Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable 
to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such 
page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) 
rate has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes 
of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, 
which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as 
displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided however that if (A) this sub-
paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding CB Interest Period in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (iii), then the Reference Rate applicable to such Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the Relevant Interest Period 
published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant CB Interest Period, in place of the margin 
relating to that last preceding CB Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding CB Interest Period, and any 
subsequent CB Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 6(f); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the 
benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Covered Bonds for all future 
CB Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(f); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate;

--- Page 250 ---
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to the 
Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the 
Covered Bonds, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the 
Covered Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to 
the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 6(f)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment 
Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) 
above to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Covered Bondholders. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each CB Interest Period, calculate 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such CB Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent.  
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to 
be calculated by the Paying Agent, then the Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Paying Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(i) 
Publication: The Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant CB Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and CB Payment Date) 
in any event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. The Paying Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Paying Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(j) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such

--- Page 251 ---
Person will attach to the Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Zero Coupon 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect 
of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount 
shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Paying Agent has 
notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).  
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, the Covered Bonds of each Series will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity) 
and Condition 9 (Payments). If an Extended Maturity Date is not specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds, Condition 8(m) (Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Test) shall apply. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event 
at least as of the Extension Determination Date as to whether payment will or will not be made 
in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds on that Maturity Date. 
Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Paying Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness 
of the extension. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity: If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds and an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default 
has occurred, following the service respectively of an Article 74 Notice to Pay or a Notice to 
Pay on the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Covered Bonds Guarantor or the Calculation Agent 
on its behalf determines that the Covered Bonds Guarantor has insufficient Available Funds 
under the relevant Priorities of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the 
Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date 
falling on the Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below), payment of the 
unpaid amount by the Covered Bonds Guarantor under the Covered Bonds Guarantee shall be 
deferred until the Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may 
be paid by the Covered Bonds Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date (the Extendable Maturity). Notwithstanding 
the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 
74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and withdrawal of the Article 74 Notice 
to Pay, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under any

--- Page 252 ---
Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which an Extendable Maturity has occurred, and any 
Final Redemption Amount shall be due for payment on the last Business Day of the month in 
which the Article 74 Notice to Pay has been withdrawn. 
The Covered Bonds Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), any relevant Hedging Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the relevant Maturity Date of 
any inability of the Covered Bonds Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds 
pursuant to the Covered Bonds Guarantee. Any failure by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to 
notify such parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to 
any rights in any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall on the relevant Due 
for Payment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bonds Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) 
available (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata in payment of an amount equal 
to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and shall 
pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such 
date. The obligation of the Covered Bonds Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the 
balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid on such Due for Payment Date shall be 
deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and be 
payable on each Guarantor Payment Date following the Maturity Date up to the Extended 
Maturity Date (inclusive). 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a 
Series of Covered Bonds and applied, failure to pay on the Maturity Date by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor shall not constitute a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Series 
of Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 253 ---
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an CB Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the CB Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Paying Agent with copy to the Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders a certificate signed by duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and such 
evidence shall be sufficient to the Paying Agent and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and conclusive and binding on the Covered Bondholders. Upon the expiry of any 
such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8(c), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 8(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date).  
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds to 
be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the 
Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte 
Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of such clearing 
systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 8(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so 
to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Covered Bondholder 
redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with 
interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 
8(f), the Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option

--- Page 254 ---
Notice in the form obtainable from the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Put 
Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Covered Bond holder. Once deposited in accordance with this Condition 8(f), no 
duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bonds become immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, 
the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder at such 
address as may have been given by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice 
and shall hold such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so 
long as any outstanding Covered Bonds are held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 8(f), the Covered Bondholder and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise 
than as provided in Conditions 8(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (f) (Redemption at the option of 
Covered Bondholders) above. 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered Bonds become 
due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
8(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Covered Bonds Guarantor) may 
at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at any price. The 
Covered Bonds Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(j) 
Legislative Exchange: Following the coming into force in Italy, at any time after the Issue Date, 
of (i) any legislation similar to the OBG Regulation in force in any other European Union 
country or (ii) any rules, regulations or guidelines published by any governmental authority that 
provides for bonds issued by Italian issuers to qualify for the same benefits available to covered 
bonds issued under covered bond legislation in force in any other European Union country, the 
Issuer may, at its option and without the consent of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, exchange all (but not some only) of the Covered Bonds of all Series then 
outstanding (the Existing Covered Bonds) for new Covered Bonds which qualify as covered 
bonds under such new legislation, rules, regulations or guidelines (the New Covered Bonds) 
on the same economic terms and conditions as the Existing Covered Bonds (the Legislative 
Exchange) if not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders (in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices)) and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is given and provided that: 
(i) 
on the date on which such notice expires the Issuer delivers to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of each of

--- Page 255 ---
the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor confirming that, in the case of the Issuer, 
no Issuer Event of Default and, in the case of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, no Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Event of Default, has occurred which is continuing; 
(ii) 
the Rating Agency then rating the Existing Covered Bonds has confirmed in writing 
that the New Covered Bonds will be assigned the same ratings as are then applicable 
to the Existing Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
if the Existing Covered Bonds are listed, quoted and/or traded on or by a competent 
and/or relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on or before 
the date on which such notice expires the Issuer delivers to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
confirming that all applicable rules of such competent and/or relevant listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system have been or will be complied with. 
The Existing Covered Bonds will be cancelled concurrently with the issue of the New 
Covered Bonds and with effect on and from the date of issue thereof all references 
herein to Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be references to the New Covered Bonds. 
(k) 
Redemption due to illegality: The Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered Bondholders immediately 
before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next CB Payment Date of any 
Covered Bond of any Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under the 
Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next such CB Payment 
Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(k) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
(l) 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test. If an Extended Maturity Date is not specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds, on any Business Day (each the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test Date) falling during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Calculation Agent will determine if the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Test (as defined below) has been breached, and if so, it shall immediately 
notify the Issuer, the Seller, the Hedging Counterparty and the Representative of Covered 
Bondholders. 
For the purpose of this paragraph the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test is complied with on any 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date if, during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, all of the Issuer’s 
credit ratings are equal to or greater than the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Ratings.  
Following a breach of a Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
make a cash deposit for an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount 
of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Test relates on the Pre-Maturity Test Account, opened in its name

--- Page 256 ---
with a bank whose ratings are at least equal to the Minimum Required Account 
Bank Ratings provided for under the Transaction Documents and pledged in 
favour of the Covered Bondholders; and/or 
(b) 
obtain a first demand, autonomous guarantee (meeting the criteria set forth by 
the Rating Agency) for an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount 
of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Test relates, by an eligible entity whose ratings are at least equal to 
the Minimum Required Pre-Maturity Liquidity Guarantor Ratings; and/or 
(c) 
take action in the form of a combination of the foregoing which in aggregate 
adding up to an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount of the 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Test relates; 
and/or 
(ii) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall direct the Servicer to sell Selected Assets in 
accordance with the procedures set out in the Portfolio Administration Agreement, for 
an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount of the Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds to which such Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test relates. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems: Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect 
of the Covered Bonds will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by 
the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor (as the case may be) 
to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are 
credited with those Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised 
brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those 
Covered Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant 
Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Monte Titoli and of the Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be.  
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in 
all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to Covered Bondholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Covered Bond is not a Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the Covered Bondholder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other 
payment in respect of any such delay. 
10. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by 
or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional

--- Page 257 ---
amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or 
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of 
any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of 
imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable tax rate) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 
239 of 1 April 1996, as amended (Decree No. 239) with respect to any Covered Bonds 
or, for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree no. 461 of 21 November 1997 
(as amended by Italian Legislative Decree no. 201 of 16 June 1998) (as any of the same 
may be amended or supplemented) or any related implementing regulations, and in all 
circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 in order to benefit 
from a tax exemption have not been met or complied with except where such 
procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the 
Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments: 
(a) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(b) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Covered Bond by reason of his having some connection with the Republic 
of Italy other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
(c) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Covered Bond by making, or procuring, a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption but has failed 
to do so; or 
(d) 
more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such 
Covered Bond for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have 
been a Business Day; or 
(e) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-
Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident 
in a tax haven country (as defined and listed in the Ministry of Finance Decree 
of 23 January 2002 as amended from time to time) or which is resident in a 
country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
the Republic of Italy; or 
(f) 
in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of September 
30, 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of the Covered 
Bonds for any amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

--- Page 258 ---
11. 
Article 74 Event and Events of Default 
(a) 
Article 74 Event 
If a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law is issued in respect of the Issuer 
(Article 74 Event), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the 
Article 74 Notice to Pay) on the Covered Bonds Guarantor that an Article 74 Event has 
occurred. 
(b) 
Effect of an Article 74 Notice to Pay 
Upon service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay upon the Covered Bonds Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against 
the Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, 
provided that (i) such events shall not trigger an acceleration against the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, (ii) pursuant to the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor shall pay an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts, subject to and in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments and within the suspension 
period, on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, (iii) in accordance with terms 
and conditions provided for by the Covered Bonds Guarantee and with Article 4, Para. 
4, of the MEF Decree, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds within the 
suspension period and (iv) upon the termination of the suspension period the Issuer 
shall be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds (and 
for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed 
to be accelerated against the Issuer);  
(ii) 
Delegation: the Covered Bonds Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered 
Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee, in the context of which the Covered Bondholders have irrevocably 
delegated – also in the interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bonds Guarantor – to 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to 
enforce the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any acceleration of payment 
provisions provided under the Conditions or under the applicable legislation. For this 
purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders, upon request of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, shall provide the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem 
necessary or expedient for taking all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct 
performance of its mandate. 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed such delegation and 
waived any rights of the Covered Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take any 
such individual action against the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Covered Bonds Guarantee: without prejudice to paragraph (i) above, interest and 
principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor at the time and in the manner provided under these Conditions, subject to 
and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds Guarantee and the priority of 
payments to creditors set out in the Intercreditor Agreement;

--- Page 259 ---
(iv) 
Tests: the Tests shall continue to be applied; and 
(v) 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test: the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test shall be deemed to be 
failed with respect to any Hard Bullet Covered Bonds for which the Maturity Date falls 
within 12 months. 
Upon the termination of the suspension period, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for 
meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to have been accelerated against the 
Issuer). 
(c) 
Issuer Events of Default: 
If any of the following events (each, an Issuer Event of Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
default is made by the Issuer for a period of 7 Business Days or more in the payment 
of any principal or redemption amount, or for a period of 14 Business Days or more in 
the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of any Series when due; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is in breach of material obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(of any Series outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
(other than any obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered 
Bonds) and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or  
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs in respect of the Issuer;  
(iv) 
in relation to Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test 
which is not remedied by the earlier of: 
(a) 
20 Business Days from the date on which the Issuer is notified of the breach of 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test; and 
(b) 
the Maturity Date of that Series of Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
breach of the Tests which is not remedied within 6 months from the notification of the 
occurrence of such breach. 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs: 
(a) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the Notice to Pay) 
on the Issuer and Covered Bonds Guarantor that an Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred; 
(b) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and they will rank pari 
passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that (i) such events shall not 
trigger an acceleration against the Covered Bonds Guarantor, (ii) in accordance with 
Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree and pursuant to the relevant provisions of 
the Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall be solely responsible 
for the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer;

--- Page 260 ---
(c) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor will pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds on 
the Due for Payment Date in accordance with (b) above (See Section “Covered Bonds 
Guarantee”);  
(d) 
the Tests, shall continue to be applied. 
(d) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay: 
Upon service of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: each series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against 
the Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, 
provided that (i) such events shall not trigger an acceleration against the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, (ii) pursuant to the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor shall pay an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts, subject to and in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, (iii) in accordance with terms and conditions 
provided for by the Covered Bonds Guarantee and with Article 4, Para. 3, of the MEF 
Decree and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer 
will be part of the Available Funds; 
(ii) 
Delegation: the Covered Bonds Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered 
Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee, in the context of which the Covered Bondholders have irrevocably 
delegated – also in the interest and for the benefit of the Covered Bonds Guarantor – to 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to 
enforce the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any acceleration of payment 
provisions provided under the Conditions or under the applicable legislation. For this 
purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders, upon request of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, shall provide the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem 
necessary or expedient for taking all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct 
performance of its mandate. 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed such delegation and 
waived any rights of the Covered Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take any 
such individual action against the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Covered Bonds Guarantee: without prejudice to paragraph (i) above, interest and 
principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor at the time and in the manner provided under these Conditions, subject to 
and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds Guarantee and the priority of 
payments to creditors set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
(iv) 
Tests: the Tests shall continue to be applied. 
(e) 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default:

--- Page 261 ---
Following an Issuer Event of Default, if any of the following events (each, a Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Event of Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Covered Bonds Guarantor fails to pay any of interest and/or principal 
due and payable in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds in accordance with 
the Covered Bonds Guarantee, subject to a period of 7 Business Days cure period in 
respect of principal or redemption amount and a 14 Business Days cure period in 
respect of interest payment the Covered Bonds Guarantor, or fails to pay or to set aside 
for payment of costs or amount due to any Hedging Counterparty; or subject to 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Covered Bonds Guarantor; 
or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a breach of other binding obligations under the Dealer 
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Covered Bonds Guarantee or any other 
Transaction Document to which the Covered Bonds Guarantor is a party, which is not 
remedied within 30 days from the date on which the Covered Bonds Guarantor is 
notified of such breach; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test is breached; 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve a Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bonds Guarantor.  
(f) 
Effect of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice: 
From and including the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers 
a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice upon the Covered Bonds Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued 
interest; Cross Acceleration: if a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default is 
triggered  
(ii) 
with respect to a Series, each series of Covered Bonds will cross accelerate at the same 
time against the Covered Bonds Guarantor, becoming due and payable, and they will 
rank pari passu amongst themselves; and 
(iii) 
Covered Bonds Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Covered Bonds Guarantor for an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest and any 
other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable 
under Condition 10(a) (Gross up by Issuer) in accordance with the priority of payments 
to creditors set out in the Intercreditor Agreement; and  
(iv) 
Enforcement: subject to the failure of the Covered Bonds Guarantor in taking the 
necessary actions pursuant to Condition 11(b)(ii) and Condition 11(d)(ii) above, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be entitled to take any steps and proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the 
provisions of the Covered Bonds. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may, at its discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such 
proceedings against the Covered Bonds Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce such

--- Page 262 ---
payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless 
requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders. 
(v) 
Determinations, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of this Condition 11 (Article 74 Event and Event of Default) by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and all 
Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered 
Bondholders, the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor shall attach to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder.  
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years (in 
respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
13. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders: The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall 
be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance of the Covered Bonds and shall remain in 
force and in effect until repayment in full or cancellation of the Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are 
outstanding, there shall at all times be a Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The 
appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered Bondholders subject to and 
in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Initial appointment: In the Dealer Agreement, the Dealer has appointed the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Dealer Agreement, in these 
Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders), in the 
Intercreditor Agreement and in the other Transaction Documents, and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the period commencing on the Initial 
Issue Date and ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all 
of the Covered Bonds have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these Conditions.  
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Covered Bondholders: Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding 
Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative and (to 
the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into 
from time to time by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such capacity 
as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Relevant Dealer(s) shall not be liable, without 
prejudice for the provisions set forth under article 1229 of the Italian Civil Code, in 
respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of 
the Covered Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the 
Transaction Documents.

--- Page 263 ---
14. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered 
Bonds, the Paying Agent acts solely as agents of the Issuer and, following service of a Notice to Pay or 
a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice, as agent of the Covered Bonds Guarantor and do not 
assume in the framework of the Programme any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. Any additional Paying 
Agent and its Specified Offices (if any) are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer, and (where 
applicable) the Covered Bonds Guarantor, reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Paying Agent and to appoint an additional or successor paying agent; provided, 
however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Covered Bonds Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a 
paying agent; and 
(b) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agent or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Covered Bondholders. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue 
further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered 
Bonds. 
16. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may (and in the case of an Approved Reorganisation 
shall) agree with the Issuer (or any previous substitute) and the Covered Bonds Guarantor at any time 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
to the substitution in place of Intesa Sanpaolo (or of any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the Covered Bonds by any bank Subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo (the Substitute Obligor) 
by way of an Issuer obligation transfer agreement without recourse to the Issuer (accollo 
liberatorio); or 
(b) 
to an Approved Reorganisation; or 
(c) 
that Intesa Sanpaolo (or any previous substitute) may, other than by means of an Approved 
Reorganisation, consolidate with, merge into or amalgamate with any successor company, 
provided that: 
(i) 
the obligations of the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity under the Covered Bonds shall 
be irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by Intesa Sanpaolo (on like terms as to 
subordination, if applicable, to those of the Covered Bonds Guarantee); and

--- Page 264 ---
(ii) 
(other than in the case of an Approved Reorganisation) the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is satisfied that the interests of the Covered Bondholders will not be materially 
prejudiced thereby; and 
(iii) 
the Substitute Obligor or the Resulting Entity agrees, in form and manner satisfactory to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, to be bound by the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and all the Transaction Documents in respect to any Series of Covered Bonds 
still outstanding, by means of executing agreements and documents substantially in the same 
form and substance of the Transaction Documents; 
(iv) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is satisfied that (a) the Resulting Entity or 
Substituted Obligor has obtained all governmental and regulatory approvals and consents 
necessary for its assumption of liability as principal debtor in respect of the Covered Bonds in 
place of the Issuer (or such previous substitute as aforesaid), and (b) such approvals and 
consents are, at the time of substitution, Approved Reorganisation or consolidation, merger, 
amalgamation other than by means of an Approved Reorganisation, as the case may be, in full 
force and effect. 
Upon the assumption of the obligations of the Issuer by a Substitute Obligor or of the Issuer by a 
Resulting Entity or of an Issuer by a successor company, Intesa Sanpaolo shall have no further liabilities 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Any such substitution, Approved Reorganisation or consolidation, merger or amalgamation shall be 
notified to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). In the case of a 
substitution, the relevant Issuer shall notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange thereof and prepare, or 
procure the preparation of, a supplement to the Base Prospectus in respect of the Programme. 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities or discretions above mentioned: (a) the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders as a class and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall 
not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered Bondholders esulting from 
their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory; and (b) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not 
be entitled to claim from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence 
of any such exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders except to the extent already provided for by 
Condition 10 (Taxation). 
In these Conditions, Approved Reorganisation means a solvent and voluntary reorganisation 
involving, alone or with others, the Issuer, and whether by way of consolidation, amalgamation, merger, 
transfer of all or substantially all of its business or assets, or otherwise provided that the principal 
resulting, surviving or transferee entity (a Resulting Entity) is a banking company and effectively 
assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under, or in respect of, the Covered Bonds. 
17. 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
(a) 
Limited Recourse 
The obligations of the Covered Bonds Guarantor under the Covered Bonds Guarantee constitute 
direct and unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor, collateralised by the Portfolio as provided under Law 130, MEF Decree and 
the BoI OBG Regulation. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor under the Covered Bonds Guarantee will be limited to the assets comprised in the 
Portfolio subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which 
specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 265 ---
(b) 
Non Petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under 
the general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed 
Amounts or enforce the Covered Bonds Guarantee and/or the relevant securities and no 
Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bonds Guarantee 
and/or the relevant securities. In particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf) is entitled, otherwise than as 
permitted by the Transaction Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bonds Guarantee and/or the relevant securities or 
take any proceedings against the Covered Bonds Guarantor to enforce the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee and/or the relevant securities; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the 
Transaction Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps 
against the Covered Bonds Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining payment of any 
amount due from the Covered Bonds Guarantor; 
(iii) 
at least until the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments 
payable in priority or pari passu thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its 
behalf, other than the Representative of the Bondholders) shall initiate or join any 
person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the Covered Bonds Guarantor; 
and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate 
action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priority 
of Payments not being complied with. 
18. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli: Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the 
Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been duly given if given 
through the systems of Monte Titoli.  
(b) 
Notices through Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as 
long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, shall be deemed to have been duly given if published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, if required, of the CSSF and, in any event, 
if published in accordance with the rules and regulation of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
(c) 
Other publication: The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to 
sanction any other method of giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other 
method is reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Covered Bonds are 
then admitted to trading (including any means provided for under Article 16 of Luxembourg 
law, dated 19 July 2005) and provided that notice of such other method is given to the holders 
of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
require.

--- Page 266 ---
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the 
next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards.  
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: These Covered Bonds are governed by Italian law. All other Transaction 
Documents are governed by Italian law, save for the Swap Agreements and the deed of charge 
relating to such Swap Agreements, which are governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute 
that may arise in relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation: Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed 
by the provisions of Law 130, BoI OBG Regulations and MEF Decree.

--- Page 267 ---
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is created concurrently with the issue 
and subscription of the Covered Bonds of each such Series and is governed by these Rules of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (Rules). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the 
Covered Bonds. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds of each Series issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
Block Voting Instruction means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Paying 
Agent or by a Registrar, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in case of Covered Bond issued in a dematerialized form, certifying that specified 
Covered Bonds are held to the order of the Paying Agent or under its control and have 
been blocked in an account with a clearing system and will not be released until a the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its 
resumption) of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered 
Bonds and notification of the release thereof by the Paying Agent to the Issuer 
and Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, certifying that specified Covered 
Bonds have been blocked with the Registrar and will not be released until the 
conclusion of the Meeting; 
(c) 
certifying that the Holder, or the registered Holder in case of Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form, of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised person on 
its behalf has notified the Paying Agent or the Registrar that the votes attributable to 
such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to 
the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting 
such instructions may not be amended or revoked;

--- Page 268 ---
(d) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing 
between those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and against, 
each resolution; and 
(e) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
Blocked Covered Bonds means (i) Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account 
with a clearing system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of the Paying 
Agent, or (ii) in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, such Covered Bonds which 
have been blocked with the Registrar, for the purpose of obtaining from the Principal Paying 
Agent and/or the Registrar a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate on terms that they 
will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block 
Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is required; 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance 
with Article 6 (Chairman of the Meeting). 
Currency Swap Rate means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the 
exchange rate specified in the respective currency hedging agreement relating to such Covered 
Bond or Series of Covered Bonds or, if the respective currency hedging agreement has 
terminated or is not in place, the applicable exchange rate provided by the Servicer; 
Event of Default means an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of 
Default; 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three 
quarters of the votes cast; 
Holder means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds and, in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the ultimate registered owner of such 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form, as set out in the Register; 
Liabilities means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions 
or demands  
Meeting means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in 
accordance with Article 83-quater of the Financial Law and includes any depository banks 
appointed by the Relevant Cleaning System; 
N Paying Agent means any institution appointed from time to time by the Issuer to act as 
paying agent in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme; 
Ordinary Resolution means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50% of the 
votes cast; 
Portfolio has the meaning given to it in the Master Definition Agreement;

--- Page 269 ---
Programme Resolution means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in these Rules to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take steps 
and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to 
Condition 11(f)(iv) (Effect of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice – Enforcement) 
or other similar Condition with reference to Covered Bonds issued in registered form; 
Proxy means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person 
appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Paying 
Agent or the Registrar has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which 
is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
Rating Agency Moody’s France S.A.S., to the extent that at the relevant time it provides ratings 
in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds; 
Register means any register held by the Registrar for the purpose of recording payments and 
assignments of Covered Bonds issued in registered form; 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer to act 
as registrar in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, 
provided that if the Issuer will keep the register and will not delegate such activity, any 
reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer; 
Resolutions means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively; 
Transaction Party means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document; 
Voter means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the 
bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Paying Agent or by a Registrar or a Proxy named 
in a Block Voting Instruction; 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting:  
(a) 
a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation 
issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from 
time to time; or 
(b) 
a certificate issued by the Paying Agent or by a Registrar stating: 
(i) 
that Blocked Covered Bonds will not be released until the earlier of:  
(A) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(B) 
the surrender of such certificate to the Paying Agent or to the Registrar; 
and 
(ii) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in 
respect of such Blocked Covered Bonds.

--- Page 270 ---
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more 
persons holding or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered Bondholders; 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for 
business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where the 
Paying Agent has its specified office or in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the 
Registrar has its specified office; and 
48 hours means two consecutive periods of 24 hours.  
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them 
in the relevant Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an “Article” shall, except where expressly provided to the 
contrary, be a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
2.2.2 
a “successor” of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor 
in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such 
party under any Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and 
obligations have been transferred; and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a 
separate Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions 
of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 24 (Meetings and Separate 
Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 35 
(Powers to Act on behalf of the Covered Bonds Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis 
separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes 
of this Article 2.3: 
2.3.1 
Articles 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 27 (Resignation); and  
2.3.2 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation) to 24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such 
Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and,

--- Page 271 ---
in such Articles, the expressions “Covered Bonds” and “Covered Bondholders” shall be 
construed accordingly.  
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of 
the rights of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or 
desirable to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 272 ---
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bonds Guarantor or the Issuer 
may convene separate or combined Meetings of the Covered Bondholders at any time and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be obliged to do so upon the request in writing 
by Covered Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bonds Guarantor or the Issuer or 
(in relation to a meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Covered Bondholders 
of any Series may at any time and the Issuer shall upon a request in writing signed by the holders 
of not less than one-tenth of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds 
for the time being outstanding convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer 
makes default for a period of seven days in convening such a meeting the same may be 
convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the subject making the request. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series, in which event the provisions of this Schedule shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer  
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place 
of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
5. 
NOTICE 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the 
relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be 
given to the relevant Covered Bondholders, the Registrar and the Paying Agent, with a copy to 
the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer.  
5.2 
Content of notice 
5.2.1 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting 
unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall 
instead specify the nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state 
that the Voting Certificate for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a

--- Page 273 ---
Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of the regulation issued 
jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time 
to time and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates from the Paying Agent 
or appointing Proxies under a Block Voting Instruction, Covered Bondholders must (to 
the satisfaction of the Paying Agent) be held to the order of or placed under the control 
of the Paying Agent or blocked in an account with a clearing system not later than 48 
hours before the relevant Meeting.  
5.2.2 
With reference to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the notice shall set out 
the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of 
the resolution without including the full text and shall state that Covered Bond issued 
in registered form, may be blocked with the Registrar, or with other entity authorised 
to do so by the Registrar, for the purposes of appointing Proxies under Block voting 
Instructions until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting and that holders of 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form, may also appoint Proxies either under a 
Block Voting Instruction by delivering written instructions to the Registrar or the N 
Paying Agent or by executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the Specified Office 
of the Registrar or the N Paying Agent, in either case until 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 5 are not 
complied with if the Holders of the Covered Bonds constituting the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds, the Holders of which are entitled to attend and vote are 
represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
are present. 
6. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
6.1.1 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or  
6.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the 
time fixed for the Meeting,  
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing 
which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not 
be the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, 
manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates 
the debate, and determines the mode of voting.

--- Page 274 ---
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited 
to assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required 
to be Covered Bondholders.  
7. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
7.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons holding or representing at 
least 25 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more 
persons being or representing Covered Bondholders, whatever the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
7.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as 
provided below), one or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the 
time being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or 
representing Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series for the time being 
outstanding, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held 
or represented; or 
7.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than 
in relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 32 
(Waiver), only be capable of being effected after having been approved by 
Extraordinary Resolution, namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification 
of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds;  
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to 
be made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
any amendment to the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Deed of Pledge or the 
Deed of Charge (except in a manner determined by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series); 
(e) 
except in accordance with Articles 31 (Amendments and Modifications) and 32 
(Waiver), the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the 
exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the 
conversion of such Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or 
securities of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor or any other person or 
body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(f) 
alteration of this Article 7.1.3;

--- Page 275 ---
(each a Series Reserved Matter), the quorum shall be one or more persons being or 
representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing not less than one-third 
of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series 
for the time being outstanding. 
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
8.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after 
the time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if 
any) for which a quorum is present:  
8.1.1 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting 
shall be dissolved; and 
8.1.2 
in any other case, the Meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week 
(or if such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) at the same time 
and place (except in the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to 
be proposed in which case it shall stand adjourned for such period, being not less than 
13 clear days nor more than 42 clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by 
the Chairman either at or subsequent to such meeting and approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders).  
8.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may 
decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of 
the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the approval 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same 
for such period, being not less than 13 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear 
days), and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such 
adjourned meeting and approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
9. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 8 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior 
consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time 
and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might have 
been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
10. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
10.1 
Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack 
of a quorum except that:  
10.1.1 10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
10.1.2 the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
10.2 
Notice not required

--- Page 276 ---
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be 
necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those 
described in Article 8 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
11. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
11.1 
Voters; 
11.2 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor; 
11.3 
representatives of the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; 
11.4 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; 
11.5 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; and 
11.6 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
12. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
12.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting 
its Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation issued 
jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
12.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain from the Paying Agent or require the Paying Agent to 
issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for such Covered Bonds to be (to the satisfaction 
of the Paying Agent) held to its order or under its control or blocked in an account in the 
Relevant Clearing System (other than Monte Titoli) not later than 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
12.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked 
Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
12.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the named therein as Holder 
or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder), the 
bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by the Paying Agent), and any Proxy 
named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by the Paying Agent) shall be 
deemed to be the Holder of the Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in connection 
with the Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
12.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in 
respect of the same Covered Bonds. 
12.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with 
the usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
12.7 
Any registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by 
arranging (to the satisfaction of the Registrar) for the related Covered Bonds issued in registered

--- Page 277 ---
form to be blocked with the Registrar not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting. The registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting 
Instruction by delivering to the Registrar written instructions not later than 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the relevant Meeting. Any registered Holder may obtain an uncompleted and 
unexecuted Form of Proxy from the Registrar. A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until 
the release of the Blocked Bonds to which it relates. A Form of Proxy and a Block Voting 
Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Bond. 
13. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
13.1 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant 
Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Paying Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid 
unless the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting 
Instruction and satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting 
Instruction or of each Holders or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate shall be produced at the 
Meeting but the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate 
the validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy 
or any holder of the Covered Bonds named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction 
or the identity of any Holder named in a Voting Certificate. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show 
of hands.  
14.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman’s 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular 
majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of 
the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution.  
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more Voters, whatever 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter. A 
poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but 
any poll demanded on the election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be 
taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant 
Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the 
Meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. 
15.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the 
votes, and may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in 
compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, 
the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting 
the outcome of the vote.

--- Page 278 ---
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
16.1.1 on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 on a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each Euro 
1.00 or such other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in 
its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds 
denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate). 
16.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the 
case of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is 
entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way. 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked 
provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Registrar 
or the Chairman has been notified in writing of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours 
prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such 
Meeting following an adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a 
meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in 
force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such 
Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at 
the Meeting when it is resumed.  
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to:  
18.1.1 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to

--- Page 279 ---
be the subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the 
subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.1.2 to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to 
execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary 
Resolution.  
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power 
exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
18.2.1 sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any of 
them; 
18.2.2 approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the 
rights of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under 
the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any 
Transaction Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed 
by the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or any other party 
thereto; 
18.2.3 assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction 
Documents which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
18.2.4 in accordance with Article 26 (Appointment), appoint and remove the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders; 
18.2.5 subject to the provisions set forth under the Conditions and the Transaction Documents 
or upon request of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, authorise the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to issue an Article 74 Notice to Pay as a 
result of an Article 74 Event pursuant to Condition 11(a) (Article 74 Event), a Notice 
to Pay as a result of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(c) (Issuer 
Event of Default) or a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice as a result of a 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(e) (Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Event of Default); 
18.2.6 discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in 
relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document; 
18.2.7 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
18.2.8 authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document, if required therein;

--- Page 280 ---
18.2.9 to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to 
represent the interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such 
committee any powers which the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.2.10 authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute 
all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against 
the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to Condition 11(f)(iv) (Effect of a Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice- Enforcement). 
18.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that 
is passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another 
Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary 
Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other 
Series. 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of 
the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be 
binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not present at such Meeting and or not 
voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not 
present at the meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders 
shall be published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the 
Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Registrar and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting).  
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not 
passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books provided 
by the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie 
evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in 
respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly

--- Page 281 ---
convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been 
duly passed and transacted.  
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters 
required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Clauses 4 (Exercise 
of Rights and Subrogation) and 11 (Limited Recourse) of the Covered Bonds Guarantee and 
Clause 18 (Limited Recourse and Non Petition) of the Intercreditor Agreement and, 
accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions or using 
other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds and the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting not passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution objecting to such individual action or other remedy on the grounds 
that it is not consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following provisions shall apply:  
23.1 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds 
will notify the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her intention;  
23.2 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in 
accordance with these Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 24 (Choice 
of Meeting): 
23.3 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to the enforcement of the 
individual action or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will be prevented from taking 
such action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that after a reasonable period of 
time, the same matter may be resubmitted for review of another Meeting); and 
23.4 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not object to an individual action or 
remedy, the Covered Bondholder will not be prohibited from taking such individual 
action or remedy. 
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES  
24.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than 
one Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following 
modifications: 
24.1.1 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed 
if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series;  
24.1.2 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall 
be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of all the Series so affected;

--- Page 282 ---
24.1.3 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a 
conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of 
Series so affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of 
Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate 
meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series or group of Series so 
affected; 
24.1.4 a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a 
single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
24.1.5 to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were 
references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the 
holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
24.2 
Denominations other than euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in euro 
in the case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered 
Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any adjourned such 
Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or written resolution) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of such Covered Bonds shall be the Euro Equivalent of the 
Currency Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have one 
vote for each Euro 1.00 (or such other euro amount as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents.  
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of 
Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide.

--- Page 283 ---
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
26.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this 
Article 26, except for the appointment of Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly 
Finanziaria Internazionale Securitisation Group S.p.A. and then FISG S.r.l.) as first 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders which will be appointed under the Dealer 
Agreement. 
26.2 
Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
26.2.1 a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated 
in any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2 a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 107 of the Banking Law; or 
26.2.3 any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in 
Article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolution) or resigns 
pursuant to Article 27 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall 
remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of all the Series of Covered Bonds.  
26.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the 
substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in 
Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment, 
and the powers and authority of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose 
appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by the 
substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in 
connection with the Covered Bonds. 
26.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer shall pay to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders an annual fee for its 
services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed in a

--- Page 284 ---
separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance 
with the priority of payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the 
date when the Covered Bonds shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions. In case of failure by the Issuer to pay the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders the fee for its services, the same will be paid by the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar 
months’ written notice to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, without needing to provide any 
specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of 
such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become 
effective until a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with 
Article 26.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted its 
appointment, provided that if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which 
is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the 
Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders.  
28.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings to propose any course 
of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable.  
28.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions 
and authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
28.3.1 act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders;  
28.3.2 whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, 
whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or 
fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities 
vested in it as aforesaid.  
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 28.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and subject 
to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall not, other than in the normal course of its business, be bound to 
supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or

--- Page 285 ---
to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or 
default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and 
shall be responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and 
termination of such appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the 
Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as 
reasonably practicable.  
28.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect 
of the Issuer and/or the Covered Bonds Guarantor.  
28.5 
Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these 
Rules and any other Transaction Document may be given on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the Transaction 
Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively. 
28.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and 
discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules or by 
operation of law.  
28.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the 
Covered Bondholders’ instructions as to how it should act. Without prejudice to the provisions 
set forth under Article 33 (Indemnity), prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify 
it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 29.2 (Specific Limitations). 
28.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the 
performance by the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor of any obligation under the 
provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be 
remedied, and if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default 
is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and binding 
upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
and any other party to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 286 ---
29. 
EXONERATION 
OF 
THE 
REPRESENTATIVE 
OF 
THE 
COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
29.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or 
responsibilities in addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction 
Documents. 
29.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders: 
29.2.1 shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Article 74 
Event, an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default or 
any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which would cause a right or 
remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, until the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to 
the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Article 74 Event, Issuer Event of 
Default or a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, condition 
or act has occurred; 
29.2.2 shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor or any other parties of their 
obligations contained in these Rules, the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, 
until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents are duly observing 
and performing all their respective obligations; 
29.2.3 except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be 
under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the 
provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
29.2.4 shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any 
other document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or 
thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, and (without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any 
investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor;  
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, 
report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required 
to be delivered or obtained at any time in connection herewith;  
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated 
by the Servicer or compliance therewith;

--- Page 287 ---
(iv) 
the failure by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to obtain or comply with any 
licence, consent or other authorisation in connection with the purchase or 
administration of the assets contained in the Portfolio; and  
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor, the Servicer and the Paying Agent or any other person in 
respect of the Portfolio or the Covered Bonds; 
29.2.5 shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of 
the issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons 
entitled thereto; 
29.2.6 shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered 
Bonds by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
29.2.7 shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction 
Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the 
execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or admissibility in evidence 
thereof; 
29.2.8 shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any 
Transaction Document; 
29.2.9 shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect 
or failure in the right or title of the Covered Bonds Guarantor in relation to the assets 
contained in the Portfolio or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or might have been discovered upon 
examination or enquiry or whether capable of being remedied or not; 
29.2.10 shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Public 
Assets and Integration Assets contained in the Portfolio or any part thereof; 
29.2.11 shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the 
Portfolio or any part thereof provided by any person; 
29.2.12 shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage 
arising from the realisation of the Portfolio or any part thereof; 
29.2.13 shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the 
Portfolio or any Transaction Document; 
29.2.14 shall not be under any obligation to insure the Portfolio or any part thereof; 
29.2.15 shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection 
with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of each Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Covered 
Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular but without limitation, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered Bondholders

--- Page 288 ---
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory or taxing authority; 
29.2.16 shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or 
discretions, it is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of 
any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, 
trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders of 
not less than 25 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
29.2.17 shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the 
interests of both the Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
29.2.18 may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or 
discretion vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other 
agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, 
claims and demands which might be brought or made against it and against all 
Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these 
Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any 
financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, 
authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such 
funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not 
reasonably assured; and 
29.2.19 shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities which may result from anything 
done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of these Rules or the 
Transaction Documents. 
29.3 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered 
Bonds are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor. 
29.4 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do 
anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys 
or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its 
powers or discretion. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking 
any action which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or 
any regulation or directive of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe 
that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified against 
any loss or Liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such action. The Representative

--- Page 289 ---
of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to comply with 
any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion 
of, or any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, credit or 
rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss 
incurred by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or 
obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information 
purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic. 
30.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Covered Bonds Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept 
(a) as sufficient evidence  
30.2.1 as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor’s knowledge, a certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the 
case may be) the Covered Bonds Guarantor; 
30.2.2 that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or 
thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call 
for further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on 
such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall 
have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the 
certificate. 
30.3 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in 
respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage 
of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect 
in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such 
directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have 
been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon the 
Covered Bondholders. 
30.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered 
Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in 
accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 
2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters 
certified therein.

--- Page 290 ---
30.5 
Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as 
sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as 
true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, 
as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record 
made by any clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, to the effect that at any particular 
time or throughout any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its 
records as entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
30.6 
Certificates of parties to Transaction Documents 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right: 
30.6.1 to require the Issuer to obtain, written certificates issued by one of the parties to the 
Intercreditor Agreement, or by any other creditor of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as 
to any matter or fact which is prima facie within the knowledge of such party or as to 
such party’s opinion with respect to any matter; and 
30.6.2 to rely on such written certificates. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional 
evidence in respect of the relevant fact, matter or issue and shall not be held responsible for any 
Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so. 
30.7 
Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of 
exercising any power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such 
exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of 
any Series or of all Series for the time being outstanding if the Rating Agency has confirmed 
that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the 
case may be) would not be adversely affected by such exercise. If the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, in order properly to exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it 
necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific act would affect any 
outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may seek and obtain such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
30.8 
Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the 
Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by 
any party (other than the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement 
or any other Transaction Document, 
30.8.1 in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided 
for under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
30.8.2 as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
30.8.3 as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue

--- Page 291 ---
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional 
evidence in respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held 
responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its 
officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in 
the certificate. 
30.9 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or 
investigating any auditors’ report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report 
or certificate.  
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
31.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may from time to time and without the consent 
or sanction of the Covered Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification (and for this purpose the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such modification 
relates to a Series Reserved Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may be expedient to make 
provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that such 
modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series; and 
31.1.2 to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or, which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the 
satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law. 
31.2 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding upon the 
Covered Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise 
agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor (as the case may be) to 
the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
31.3 
In establishing whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders considers reasonable to rely on, and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard 
to all or any of the following: 
31.3.1 a certificate from a Relevant Dealer, stating the intention of the parties to the relevant 
Transaction Document, confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any 
other parties which is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention and stating the 
modification to the relevant Transaction Document that is required to reflect such 
intention; 
31.3.2 confirmation from the relevant credit rating agencies that, after giving effect to such 
modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those 
assigned to them immediately prior to the modification.

--- Page 292 ---
31.4 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor and any other party in making any of the above-mentioned 
modifications if it is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or and if it is indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself 
liable or which it may incur by so doing.  
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time in its 
sole direction, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, 
event or act, but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1 authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may 
decide, any proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained 
in the Covered Bonds Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights against the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor under any other Transaction Documents; or 
32.1.2 determine that any Event of Default or Article 74 Event shall not be treated as such for 
the purposes of the Transaction Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders. 
32.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 32.1 (Waiver of Breach) shall be 
binding on the Covered Bondholders. 
32.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon 
it by this Article 32 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or of a request or direction in 
writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per cent in aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds (in the case of any such determination, with the Covered Bonds 
of all Series taken together as a single Series as aforesaid), and at all times then only if it shall 
be indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby 
render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing but so that no such direction or request: 
32.3.1 shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made or  
32.3.2 all authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved 
Matter unless holders of Covered Bonds of each Series has, by Extraordinary 
Resolution, so authorised its exercise. 
32.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause 
any such authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and 
the Secured Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 293 ---
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or 
discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or 
discharged by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, 
actions, proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and properly incurred by or made against 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, including but not limited to legal expenses, and any 
stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against the 
Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the 
Transaction Documents. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the 
Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), 
gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo).

--- Page 294 ---
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF A 
COVERED BONDS GUARANTOR ACCELERATION NOTICE 
35. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED BONDS GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice or, 
prior to service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice, following the failure of the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of the Secured 
Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in 
relation to the Portfolio. Therefore, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as 
legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the 
terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, any and all of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor’s Rights under certain Transaction Documents, including the right to give 
directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents.

--- Page 295 ---
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
36. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of 
Italy. 
37. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 296 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
(other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in 
italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) or in the United 
Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 (IDD), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Propsectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of each of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in[Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Description] Covered Bonds due [Maturity] 
Guaranteed by 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. 
under the Euro 20,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 22 December 2020 [and the supplement[s] to the 
prospectus dated [●] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, the Prospectus Regulation). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms, published on [•], contain the final terms of 
the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds 
described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available 
for viewing at (www.intesasanpaolo.com) [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies

--- Page 297 ---
may be obtained from [address]]. This Final Terms will be published on website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Covered Bonds will 
be consolidated, form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
[(insert Number of the Series and ISIN 
Code)] on [the Issue Date/ (insert date)] 
 
 
 
2. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[Euro/UK Sterling/Swiss Franc/Japanese 
Yen/ US Dollar/Other] 
3. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
 Issue Price: 
[•] %. of the aggregate nominal amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in 
the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [plus integral multiples of [•] in addition 
to the said sum of [•]] (as referred to under 
Condition 3) (Include the wording in square 
brackets where the Specified Denomination 
is €100,000 or equivalent plus multiples of 
a lower principal amount.)  
[The minimum denomination of Covered 
Bonds admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount of 
such currency).] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 298 ---
6. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year.] 
8. 
 Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption Amount under the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee: 
[Not applicable / Specify date or (for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds) CB Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] (as referred to in Condition 
8(b) 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[•] % Fixed Rate] 
[[●]+/– [●] % Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon (as referred to in Condition 
7)] 
(further particulars specified in 
[14]/[15]/[16] below) 
10. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 % 
of their nominal amount (as referred to in 
Condition 8(a))] 
 
11. 
 Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
([Change of interest rate may be applicable 
in case an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified as applicable, as provided for in 
Condition 8(b) ] 
/ [Not Applicable]) 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Investor Put (as referred in Condition 8(f))] 
[Issuer Call (as referred in Condition 
8(d))][(further particulars specified in 
paragraph [17]/[18]below)] 
13. 
 [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds [and Covered Bonds 
Guarantee] [respectively]] obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Covered Bonds or 
related Covered Bonds Guarantee)]

--- Page 299 ---
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (as referred in 
Condition 5)]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•]% per annum payable in arrear 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/
other (specify)] on each CB Payment Date. 
 
(ii) 
CB Payment Date(s): 
[•] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of “Business Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
CB Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (Fixed rate) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
30/360 (Floating Rate) 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year/Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).) 
15. 
 Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (as referred to 
in Condition 6)] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
CB Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than CB Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is 
the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”)

--- Page 300 ---
(iii) 
CB Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified CB 
Payment Dates are alternatives. If the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(iv) 
First CB Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Paying Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[[●]/not applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters LIBOR 01/ 
EURIBOR 01] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London 
time/Brussels time] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of 
the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•]% per annum

--- Page 301 ---
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•]% per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (Fixed rate) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
30/360 (Floating Rate) 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
 Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](as referred in 
Condition 7) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction for the 
purposes of Condition 9(h) (Early 
redemption 
of 
Zero 
Coupon 
Covered Bonds): 
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](as referred in 
Condition 8(d))  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of Covered Bonds: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](as referred in 
Condition 8(f)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 302 ---
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bonds: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. 
 Final Redemption Amount of Covered 
Bonds 
[•] per Calculation Amount (as referred in 
Condition 8(a)) [Note that the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
principal amount of the Series] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Event of Default: 
[Not Applicable/[•] per Calculation 
Amount](as referred in Condition 8)  
(If both the Early Redemption Amount and 
the Early Termination Amount are the 
principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds/specify the Early Redemption 
Amount and/or the Early Termination 
Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
21. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates]

--- Page 303 ---
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
By: 
________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. 
 
By: 
________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 304 ---
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Other]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
Application [is expected to be/has been] 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange /Other with effect from 
[•]/Not applicable]. 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need 
to indicate that original Covered Bonds 
are already admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected]] to be rated]/[The 
following ratings assigned to the Covered 
Bonds of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Covered Bonds of the 
type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Each of [•] and] Moody’s France S.A.S. is 
established in the European Union or in the 
United Kingdom and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) no. 513 of 
2011 and Regulation (EU) no. 462 of 2013 
(the CRA Regulation). As such [each of 
[•] and] Moody’s France S.A.S. is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and

--- Page 305 ---
Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance with such Regulation. 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and [its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[] 
(ii) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[] 
(iii) 
Estimated  expenses in relation to the 
admission trading 
[] [Include breakdown of expenses] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/specify other Reference Rate] rates can be obtained 
from Reuters] 
 
[Benchmark 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will 
be calculated by reference to [] which is 
provided by []. As at [], [] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
BMR).

--- Page 306 ---
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [] does/do] not 
fall within the scope of the BMR by virtus of 
Article 2 of that regulation] / [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply], such 
that [] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
 
[•] 
 
CFI: 
[[]/Not Applicable] as published on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
 
FISN: 
[[]/Not Applicable] as published on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)]  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names 
and 
Specified Offices of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue 
to be held in a form which would allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
(i.e. 
issued 
in 
dematerialised 
form 
(emesse 
in 
forma 
dematerializzata) and wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with 
articles 83bis and 83ter of Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, through the 
authorised institutions listed in article 84 quater 
of such legislative decree) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem

--- Page 307 ---
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
9. 
Method of distribution 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
10. 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
11. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/Compliant with Regulation S 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933.] 
 
12. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds is concluded 
prior to 1 January 2018, or, on and after that 
date, the Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the offer of 
the Covered Bonds will be concluded on or after 
1 January 2018 and the Covered Bonds may 
constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)

--- Page 308 ---
MAIN FEAURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (GEDECKTE 
NAMENSSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
Under 
the 
Programme 
the 
Issuer 
may 
issue 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibungen), each issued with a minimum denomination indicated in the applicable 
Registered Covered Bond Conditions. The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted 
to trading on any market and will not be settled through a clearing system.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany or by 
whatever law chosen by the Issuer (to be supplemented with the specific provisions required under 
German law in order for the Registered Covered Bonds to be a German law registered note (Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung)) provided that, in any case, certain provisions, including those applicable 
to the Issuer and the Portfolio and those applicable to the status, limited recourse and the guarantee of 
the Registered Covered Bonds, shall be confirmed to be governed by Italian law.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. The 
Registered Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and, 
save for any applicable statutory provisions, at least equally with all other present and future unsecured 
and un-subordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
In accordance with the Law 130, MEF Decree and the BoI OBG Regulations, the terms and conditions 
of each Series of Registered Covered Bonds together with the Transaction Documents, the Registered 
Covered Bondholders will have (i) recourse to the Issuer and (ii) limited recourse to the Guarantor 
limited to the Available Funds.  
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time 
to time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds set out in this Base Prospectus. Such legal documentation will include the relevant Registered 
Covered Bond certificate, the Registered Covered Bond Conditions, the Registered Covered Bond 
assignment agreement, any other ancillary documents and/or agreements. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a different or additional set of documentation as agreed 
with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
The full terms and conditions applicable to each Series of Registered Covered Bonds will be the relevant 
Registered Covered Bond Certificate, the Registered Covered Bond Conditions attached thereto and 
any other related agreements. 
In connection with each Registered Covered Bond, each reference in the Base Prospectus to information 
being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms 
shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, shown, 
indicated or otherwise provided in the Registered Covered Bond Certificate, the Registered Covered 
Bond Conditions attached thereto or any other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered 
Bond and, as applicable, each other reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be construed 
and read as a reference to such Registered Covered Bond, the Registered Covered Bond Conditions 
attached thereto or any other document expressed to govern such of Registered Covered Bond. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds is deemed to be not effective until the transferee has delivered 
to the Registrar a duly executed copy of the Registered Covered Bond certificate relating to such 
Registered Covered Bond along with a duly executed Registered Covered Bond assignment agreement. 
A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination indicated in the applicable Registered Covered 
Bond Conditions or multiples thereof.

--- Page 309 ---
In connection of Registered Covered Bonds, any references in this Base Prospectus to the Conditions 
or a particularly numbered Condition shall be construed, where relevant and unless specified otherwise, 
to include the equivalent Condition in the Registered Covered Bond Conditions as supplemented by 
any other applicable document.

--- Page 310 ---
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The following is a general summary of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian tax 
considerations concerning the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Covered Bonds.  
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds 
and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some 
of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective 
purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. 
Italian Tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (Decree 239) provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes issued, inter alia, by 
Italian banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni). For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate 
an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly 
participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were 
issued, nor to control the same. 
Taxation of Interest 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, or (b) a non-commercial partnership, or (c) a non-
commercial private or public institution (other than companies), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities, or (d) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred 
to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (unless the Covered Bondholder described 
under (a), (b) and (c) have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Covered 
Bonds, to an authorized intermediary and they have opted for the application of the "risparmio gestito" 
regime - see "Capital Gains Tax" below). 
Subject to certain conditions, interest in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that qualify 
as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni received by Italian resident individuals holding the 
Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered Bonds are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements applicable under Italian law. 
In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) or (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a 
provisional tax.  
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively 
connected and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and

--- Page 311 ---
other income from the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included 
in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general 
Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the 
Covered Bondholder, also to regional tax on productive activities (IRAP)).  
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an 
investment company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) 
established in Italy (together, the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on the Covered 
Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the 
Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but 
a withholding tax up to 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour 
of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 
2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all 
as amended, payments of interest, premiums or incomes in respect of the Covered Bonds made to Italian 
resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998 or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real estate 
SICAFs (Real Estate SICAFs) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva, nor to any other income tax 
in the hands of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF to the extent the Covered Bonds 
are held by an authorised intermediary. The income of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAFs is 
subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder, depending on the status and percentage of 
participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of 
the units or shares. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited 
with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds and 
accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent 
substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each year. Subject to 
certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium 
and other income relating to the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable under Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(SIMs), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities 
identified by a Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an Intermediary) as subsequently 
amended and integrated. An Intermediary must: (a) be (i) resident in Italy or (ii) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or a company not 
resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly 
connected with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purposes of Decree 239 and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest 
or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a 
transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied 
and withheld by any entity paying interest to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, by the Issuer.

--- Page 312 ---
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided 
that the non-Italian Covered Bondholder is either (a) a beneficial owner resident, for tax purposes, in a 
state or territory which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented, and subject to possible further 
amendments by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11 paragraph 4 (c) of Decree 239 (the White 
List); or (b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor which is incorporated in a country included 
in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of incorporation.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-resident investors must be the beneficial owners of payments of 
interest, premium or other income or qualify as certain types of institutional investors and must (a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds, the Receipts or the coupons with a bank or a SIM or 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator of a 
clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 a resident bank or 
SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy or a non-resident bank or SIM which are in contact via 
computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) file with the relevant depositary, prior to 
or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, a statement of the relevant Covered Bondholder, 
to be provided only once, until revoked or withdrawn, in which the Covered Bondholder declares to be 
eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not 
requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the 
official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree 
of 12 December 2001. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent., or at the reduced rate provided for 
by any applicable double tax treaty, if any, to interest, premium and other income paid to Covered 
Bondholders other than those listed above or, even if listed, which failed to comply with the 
aforementioned requirements and procedures. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni), debentures 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to 
Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 may be subject to a withholding tax, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than 
their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly 
or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the 
securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain conditions, interest in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that do 
not qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni and are treated as atypical securities 
received by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 
26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable under 
Italian law.

--- Page 313 ---
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, 
(c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, 
(d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such 
withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Covered 
Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian 
resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
by an Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment 
of liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be subject to a provisional 
withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent. pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, 
as subsequently amended. In case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the 
withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent. as a final tax. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) 
rate of withholding tax. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor will 
be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the 
tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated 
as part of the taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered 
Bondholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian 
company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign 
entities to which the Covered Bonds are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial 
private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale early 
redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at 
the current rate of 26 per cent. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation 
of capital gains realised by Italian resident Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta 
sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of 
any incurred capital loss, realised by the investors pursuant to all sales, early redemption or redemptions 
of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax year. Italian Covered Bondholders under (i) to 
(iii) above must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred 
capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance 
income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against 
capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.

--- Page 314 ---
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect 
to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption or 
redemption of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as a subsequently amended, the Decree 461). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Covered Bonds being deposited with 
Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (b) an express and valid election 
for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Covered 
Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital 
gains realised on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect 
of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is 
required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Covered Bondholder or using 
funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
where a sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds results in a capital loss, such loss 
may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in 
the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato 
regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual income tax 
return. 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian resident Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above 
who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an 
authorised intermediary and have validly opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (regime 
provided by Article 7 of Decree 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value 
of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, 
to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito regime, any 
depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value 
of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito 
regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual income 
tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but 
subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may subject to the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain conditions, capital gain in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
received by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 
26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable under 
Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian real estate fund or a Real Estate 
SICAF to which the provisions of Decree 351 , Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into 
Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, as 
subsequently amended apply will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax 
at the level of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real estate 
investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder, 
depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through 
distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be

--- Page 315 ---
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 
20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, capital gains in respect of Covered Bonds realized upon sale, transfer or 
redemption by Italian Pension Fund may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute 
tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable under Italian law. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders, without a permanent 
establishement in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early 
redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian 
taxation, provided that the Covered Bonds are traded on regulated markets and, in certain cases, subject 
to the timely filing of a self-declaration form with the Italian Intermediary with which the Covered 
Bonds are deposited attesting the status of the relevant Covered Bondholder. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, without a permanent 
establishement in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early 
redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva, provided that the Covered Bondholder: (a) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the 
capital gain and is resident in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or 
body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) 
is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) 
is an institutional investor which is incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it does 
not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of incorporation, in any case, to the extent all the 
requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as 
subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or 
complied with in due time, if applicable. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds 
are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of 
Covered Bonds. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 (Decree No. 262), converted into Law No. 286 of 
24 November 2006 as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including the Covered 
Bonds) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding € 1,000,000, for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and

--- Page 316 ---
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000, for each beneficiary; 
and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (a) public 
deeds and notarized deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (b) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in “case of use” (caso d’uso) or upon occurrence of an explicit reference 
(enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2-ter of Part I of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 
October 1972 (Decree 642), a proportional stamp duty applies, based on an annual basis, to any periodic 
reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in 
respect of any Covered Bond which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy.  
The stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the 
market value or – if no market value figure is available – on the face value or redemption value, or in 
the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Covered 
Bond is held. The stamp duty cannot exceed € 14,000 if the Covered Bondholder is not an individual. 
The stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that 
Covered Bonds are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to the provisions set forth by Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and 
supplemented, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-commercial private or public institutions and 
Italian non-commercial partnership, holding financial assets – including the Covered Bonds – outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay in their own annual tax return a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per 
cent. This tax cannot exceed € 14,000 if the taxpayer is not an individual. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if 
no market value figure is available – on the nominal value or the redemption or in tge case the face or 
redemption values cannot be determined, on purchase value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. The amount of tax due, based on the value indicated by the Covered Bondholder in its 
own annual tax return, must be paid within the same date in which payment of the balance of the annual 
individual income tax (IRPEF) is due. 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State 
where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the Wealth Tax if such assets are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case 
the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree 642 does 
apply.

--- Page 317 ---
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar 
institutions are required to report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree No. 167 
of 28 June 1990 converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time 
to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Covered Bonds held abroad during each tax year. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered 
Bonds deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered 
into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Covered Bonds 
have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed 
by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold 
throughout the year. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions, including the Republic of Italy, have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in 
effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Covered 
Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date. However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under “Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered 
Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding.

--- Page 318 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to the Dealer. The arrangements under 
which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
the Dealer are set out in the Dealer Agreement. The Dealer Agreement provides for, inter alia, an 
indemnity to the Dealer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered 
Bonds. The Dealer Agreement also provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealer and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Series. The Dealer Agreement contains stabilising provisions. 
In the Dealer Agreement it is stated that Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Covered Bonds to or 
through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly to 
purchasers. 
 
Subscription Agreements 
Any Subscription Agreement between the Issuer and the Dealer and/or any additional or other dealers, 
from time to time for the sale and purchase of Covered Bonds (each a Relevant Dealer) will, inter alia, 
provide for the price at which the relevant Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Relevant Dealers 
and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered 
Bonds then being issued. 
Selling restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area or the UK. For the purposes of 
this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area or 
the UK (each a Relevant State), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated

--- Page 319 ---
by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant 
State except that it may, make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to 
any Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as 
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a 
syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered 
Bonds are a part within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Covered Bonds within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds an offer or sale 
of such Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is 
made otherwise that in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and

--- Page 320 ---
agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange 
and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as the case may be; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.  
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds and that such offers, sales and 
distributions have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), 
other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1, 
L.533-16 and L.533-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds except in conformity 
with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, implementing 
measures in Ireland and the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014 and every other 
enactment that is to be read together with any of those Acts; 
(b) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo which are not listed on a stock exchange 
and which do not mature within two years its action in any jurisdiction will comply with the 
then applicable laws and regulations of that jurisdiction, it will not knowingly offer to sell such 
Covered Bonds to an Irish resident, or to persons whose usual place of abode is Ireland, and 
that it will not knowingly distribute or cause to be distributed in Ireland any offering material 
in connection with such Covered Bonds. In addition, such Covered Bonds must be cleared 
through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or Depository Trust Company (or any other 
clearing system recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners) and have a 
minimum denomination of £300,000 or its equivalent at the date of issuance;

--- Page 321 ---
(c) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Intesa Sanpaolo which are not listed on a stock exchange 
and which mature within two years, such Covered Bonds must have a minimum denomination 
of €500,000 or US$500,000 or, in the case of Covered Bond which are denominated in a 
currency other than euro or US dollars, the equivalent in that other currency of €500,000 (such 
amount to be determined by reference to the relevant rate of exchange at the date of first 
publication of this Programme). In addition, such Covered Bonds must be cleared through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Depository Trust Company (or any other clearing 
system recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners); 
(d) 
it has only issued or passed on, and will only issue or pass on, any document received by it in 
connection with the issue of Covered Bonds to persons who are persons to whom the document 
may otherwise lawfully be issued or passed on;  
(e) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of S.I. No. 60 of 2007, the 
European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998, with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to the Covered Bonds or operating in, or otherwise involving, Ireland is acting under 
and within the terms of an authorisation to do so for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/UE of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 April 2004 and it has complied with any 
applicable codes of conduct or practice made pursuant to implementing measures in respect of 
the foregoing Directive in any relevant jurisdiction;  
(f) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance 
with the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942-2013 (as amended) and any codes of conduct 
rules made thereunder; and 
(g) 
It has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance 
with the provisions of the Market Abuse (Directive 2003/6/EC) Regulations 2005 (as amended) 
and any rules issued under the Irish Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of 
Germany in compliance with the provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24th February, 1998, 
as amended (the Financial Law) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 322 ---
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above 
mustbe: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Law, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1st September, 1993, as amended (the 
Banking Law);  
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant 
to Article 129 of the Banking Law and implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.  
General 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more listing 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealer that would 
permit a public offering of Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of any offering material in 
relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into 
whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer 
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering 
material, in all cases at their own expenses. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses 
or distributes the Base Prospectus, any offering material or any Final Terms, and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered 
Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
(if applicable) and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at 
any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale.

--- Page 323 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION  
Listing, Admission to Trading and Minimum Denomination 
Application has been made for the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be 
admitted to the official list and be traded on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) may be listed on such other stock exchange 
as the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be 
issued on an unlisted basis. 
Where Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less 
than Euro 100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
The Registered Covered Bonds Conditions will specify the minimum denomination for Registered 
Covered Bonds, which will not be listed. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme and the relative following integrations were authorised by a 
resolution of the management board (consiglio di gestione) of the Issuer on 14 May 2009 as further 
detailed by a resolution of the management board of the Issuer on 19 March 2010 and on 13 May 2011. 
The granting of the Covered Bonds Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of the Covered Bonds Guarantor on 24 July 2008 and 20 May 2009 and 9 December 2020 as further 
detailed and integrated by subsequent resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor issued from time to time. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form and 
held on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for 
the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream). The 
relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered 
Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information or with respect to the Covered Bonds issued in any of the other forms which may be 
indicated in the relevant terms and conditions, the indication of the agent or registrar through which 
payments to the holders of the Covered Bonds will be made. 
The registered office of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is at Piazza Affari 6, Milan, Italy. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. The Registered Covered 
Bond Conditions will specify the agent or registrar through which payments to the Registered Covered 
Bonds will be performed.

--- Page 324 ---
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to the Covered Bonds of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, there shall be at all times a Representative of the Covered Bondholders appointed to act 
in the interest and behalf of the Covered Bondholders. The initial Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly Finanziaria Internazionale 
Securitisation Group S.p.A. and then FISG S.r.l.). Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly 
Finanziaria Internazionale Securitisation Group S.p.A. and the FISG S.r.l.) shall be appointed by the 
Dealer in accordance with the Dealer Agreement and the relevant Subscription Agreements. 
No material litigation  
Save as disclosed under paragraph “Legal Proceedings” in the sction “Description of the Issuer”, during 
the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings, nor are the Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor aware of any pending or 
threatened proceedings of such kind, which have had or may have significant effects on the Issuer‘s or 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s financial position or profitability. 
Trend Information / No Material Change 
Since (i) 31 December 2019 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer; 
(ii) 30 September 2020 there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group 
and (iii) 30 September 2020 there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer 
and the Group. 
Since 31 December 2019 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor. 
Since 30 June 2020, (i) there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Guarantor 
and (ii) there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Guarantor. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds (other 
than Registered Covered Bonds) are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
Independent auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG S.p.A.. KPMG S.p.A. has audited the financial statements of the 
Issuer, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia) promulgated pursuant to 
article 11.3 of Legislative decree no. 39/10  as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2018 and 31 
December 2019. The audit report on 2018 audited financial statements has been issued by KPMG S.p.A. 
on 20 March 2019. The audit report on 2019 audited financial statements has been issued by KPMG 
S.p.A. on 18 March 2020. 
The unaudited consolidated interim condensed financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the half-
year 2020 have been reviewed by KPMG S.p.A. (the limited review report states that limited procedures 
have been applied in accordance with professional standards and that KPMG S.p.A. did not audit nor 
express an opinion on such interim financial information), in accordance with CONSOB Regulation

--- Page 325 ---
No. 10867 of 31 July 1997, in their capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated in their 
report thereon. 
KPMG S.p.A. is a member of Assirevi, the Italian professional association of auditors and KPMG 
S.p.A. is included in the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministery for Economy and Finance 
– Stage general accounting office, at no. 70623. 
KPMG S.p.A. was appointed to act as Intesa Sanpaolo’s external auditor for the period 2012-2020. 
KPMG S.p.A. address is: Via Vittor Pisani, 25, 20124 Milan.  
The auditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor are KPMG S.p.A.. KPMG S.p.A. has audited the financial 
statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing 
(ISA Italia) promulgated pursuant to article 11.3 of Legislative decree no. 39/10  as at and for the years 
ended on 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. The audit report on 2018 audited financial 
statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor has been issued by KPMG S.p.A. on 12 March 2019. The 
audit report on 2019 audited financial statements of the Covered Bond Guarantor has been issued by 
KPMG S.p.A. on 10 March 2020. The unaudited interim condensed financial statements of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in respect of the half-year 2020 have been reviewed by KPMG S.p.A., in their capacity 
as independent auditors of the Covered Bond Guarantor, as indicated in their reports thereon. 
KPMG S.p.A. is a member of Assirevi, the Italian professional association of auditors and KPMG 
S.p.A. is included in the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministery for Economy and Finance 
– Stage general accounting office, at no. 70623. 
KPMG S.p.A. was appointed to act as Covered Bond Guarantor’s auditor for the period 2012-2020. 
KPMG S.p.A. address is: Via Vittor Pisani, 25, 20124 Milan. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, 
English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the 
Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(i) 
the Transaction Documents (but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, any document in respect of 
any Registered Covered Bonds) including the Covered Bond Guarantee (which is available on 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/en_prosp_obg/20201204_Covered_Bond_
Guarantee_CBP.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date 
hereof 
(which 
are 
also 
available 
on 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/governance/company-documents/2019; 
(iii) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s memorandum of association and by-laws as of the date hereof 
(which 
are 
also 
available 
on 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/it/investor-
relations/prospetti/emissioni-internazionali/obbligazioni-bancarie/programma-obg-
pubblico/programma-obg-settore-pubblico and https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-
relations/prospectus/international-issue-documents/covered-bonds/obg-public-
programme/obg-public-programme) 
(iv) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as at 30 September 2020;

--- Page 326 ---
(v) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the half-year 
2020, with auditors’ limited review report; 
(vi) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2019; 
(vii) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2018; 
(viii) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor’s unaudited interim condensed financial statements, including the 
auditors’ limited review report, in respect of the half-year 2020; 
(ix) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements in respect of the year ended 
on 31 December 2019 and the relevant auditor’s report; 
(x) 
the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018; 
(xi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base 
Prospectus; 
(xii) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Covered Bonds Guarantor’s request any part of which 
is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus; 
(xiii) 
the historical financial information of the Covered Bonds Guarantor or, in the case of a group, 
the historical financial information of the Covered Bonds Guarantor and its subsidiary 
undertakings for each of the two financial years preceding the publication of the Base 
Prospectus. 
(xiv) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to the official list and traded on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (such Final Terms will be also 
available on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.bourse.lu.). In the 
case of any Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) which are not admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant 
Covered Bondholders. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified Office of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms 
relating to the Notes which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website (https://www.bourse.lu). 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly available financial statements and

--- Page 327 ---
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
The external auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report 
on the accounts of the Issuer in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which 
are admitted to the official list and traded on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
will be available on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at https://www.bourse.lu. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base 
Prospectus, will remain publicy available in electronic form for at least 10 years on 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-
documents/covered-bonds/obg-public-programme/obg-public-programme. 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Covered Bonds Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered 
into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may 
be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
Declaration of the officer responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
The officer responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, Fabrizio Dabbene, declares, pursuant 
to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Financial Law, that the accounting information contained in 
this Base Prospectus corresponds to the Issuer's documentary results, books and accounting records. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
The Relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. The Relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The 
Relevant Dealer(s) or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Relevant Dealer(s) and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For avoidance 
of doubts the term “affiliates” in this paragraph includes also parent companies. Moreover, Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. will be acting as Issuer, Arranger and Dealer in the context of the Programme.

--- Page 328 ---
GLOSSARY 
The following terms are used throughout this Base Prospectus. These and other terms used in this Base 
Prospectus are subject to, and in some cases are summaries of, the definitions of such terms set out in 
the Transaction Documents, as they may be amended from time to time. 
6-Month Euribor Equivalent Margin has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section 
“Credit Structure”. 
Account Bank Intesa Sanpaolo, appointed as Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement and any successor thereof. 
Accounts means the Principal Receivables Collection Account, the Interest Receivables Collection 
Account, the Principal Securities Collection Account, the Interest Securities Collection Account, the 
Investment Account, the Eligible Investments Account, the Transaction Account, the Securities 
Account, the Corporate Account, the Expenses Account and the Quota Capital Account. 
Accrued Interest has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Additional Sellers means any bank, other than the Seller, which is a member of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group that may sell Public Assets or Integration Assets to the Covered Bonds Guarantor, subject to 
satisfaction of certain conditions. 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section 
“Credit Structure”. 
Adjustment Spread has the meaning given in the Conditions. 
Administrative Services Agreement means an administrative services agreement entered into on 20 
May 2009 between Intesa Sanpaolo as administrative services provider and the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor; 
Administrative Services Provider means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A, and any successor thereof, appointed 
as administrative services provider in accordance with the Administrative Services Agreement. 
Admitted States means States comprised in the European Economic Space and the Swiss 
Confederation 
Amortisation Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Amortisation Test Adjusted Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
Section “Credit Structure”. 
Annual Interest Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Annual Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Approved Reorganisation means a solvent and voluntary reorganisation involving, alone or with 
others, the Issuer, and whether by way of consolidation, amalgamation, merger, transfer of all or 
substantially all of its business or assets, or otherwise provided that the principal resulting, surviving or 
transferee entity (a Resulting Entity) is a banking company and effectively assumes all the obligations 
of the Issuer under, or in respect of, the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 329 ---
Arranger means Intesa Sanpaolo. 
Article 74 Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(a) (Article 74 Event); 
Article 74 Notice to Pay means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event; 
Asset Coverage Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Asset Cover Report means the report to be sent by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Asset Monitor means BDO Italia S.p.A., a joint stock company incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Milan no. 07722780967, and enrolled under no. 167911 in 
the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general 
accounting office pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial decree 
no. 145 of 20 June 2012 . BDO Italia S.p.A. has been appointed as asset monitor in accordance with the 
Asset Monitor Agreement and any successor thereto.  
Asset Monitor Agreement means the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on or about the Initial 
Issue Date by, inter alia, the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
Asset Monitor Report means the report to be delivered by the Asset Monitor to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer and the 
Issuer on each Asset Monitor Report Date. 
Asset Percentage has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
ATI has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
ATI Agent Bank has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
ATI Agent Remedy Actions has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
ATI Agent Trigger Event has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
ATI Commingling Affected Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section 
“Credit Structure”. 
ATI Commingling Reserve Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section 
“Credit Structure”. 
Authorised Investments means  
(A) 
Public Assets and/or Integration Assets consisting of euro denominated Public Securities other 
than Italian Public Securities, which are rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s 
(B) 
euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit and short term bank debt obligations 
(which qualifies as Integration Assets) held with a bank rated at least "P-3" by Moody's

--- Page 330 ---
provided that in all cases such investments mature (or may be liquidated at no loss) within 3 Business 
Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date and CB Payment Date. 
Available Funds shall include (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available Funds and 
(c) following an Issuer Event of Default, the amounts received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor as a 
result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the 
MEF Decree (the Excess Proceeds). 
Banca IMI means Banca IMI S.p.A., a bank organised as a joint stock company under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Largo Mattioli 3, 20121 Milan, Italy, incorporated with 
Fiscal Code number, VAT number and registration number with Milan Register of Enterprises no. 
04377700150, and registered with the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 13 of the Banking Law under 
number 5570 ABI, part of the Gruppo Bancario Intesa Sanpaolo, agreed into the Fondo Interbancario 
di Tutela dei Depositi and into the Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia. 
Banking Law means the Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Bankruptcy Law means Royal Decree no. 267 of 16 March 1942 (Legge Fallimentare) as amended 
and supplemented from time to time.  
Base Prospectus means this base prospectus published in relation to the Programme, as supplemented 
and amended from time to time.. 
Basel II means the New Basel Capital Accord.  
Benchmark Event has the meaning given in the Conditions. 
Beneficiary means each of the beneficiaries of the loan granted by Intesa Sanpaolo in accordance with 
the Loan Agreements. 
BoI OBG Regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza sulle OBG) means the supervisory instructions of the 
Bank of Italy relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 
2013, containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended 
from time to time. 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in Luxembourg, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
Business Day Convention, has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Calculation Agent means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly Securitisation Services 
S.p.A.), breviter Banca Finint S.p.A., a bank incorporated under the laws of Italy as a “società per 
azioni”, with a sole shareholder, having its registered office in Via V. Alfieri,1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), 
Italy, share capital of Euro 71,817,500.00 fully paid up, tax code and enrolment in the Companies’ 
Register of Treviso-Belluno number 04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA FININT S.P.A.” - VAT 
number 04977190265, registered in the Register of the Banks under number 5580 pursuant to article 13

--- Page 331 ---
of the Consolidated Banking Act and in the Register of the Banking groups as Parent Company of the 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale Banking Group, member of the “Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei 
Depositi” and of the “Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia”. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Calculation Date means 5 September and 5 March of each year or, in case that day is not a Business 
Day, the following Business Day, provided that the first Calculation Date will be 7 December 2009. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement means the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the 
Cash Manager, the Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Account Bank, the Servicer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent and 
the Paying Agent; 
Cash Manager means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and any successor thereto; 
CB Hedging Counterparty means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other parties that, from time to time, will 
enter into the CB Swaps with the Covered Bonds Guarantor for the hedging of currency risk and/or 
interest rate risk on the Covered Bonds. 
CB Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in case 
of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the 
next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date); 
CB Master Agreement means a 1992 International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) 
Master Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross Border), including Schedule, 1995 ISDA Credit Support 
Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer)(ISDA Agreements Subject to English law) entered into between a 
CB Hedging Counterparty and the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
CB Payment Date means the First CB Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first CB Payment Date) or the previous CB Payment Date (in any other case); 
CB Swap means any swap agreement entered into on or about an Issued Date between the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor and the CB Hedging Counterparty for hedging the currency / interest rate risk on the 
Covered Bonds. 
CB Swap Confirmation means the written confirmation of any CB Swap evidencing the terms of any 
such transaction. 
CB Swap Floating Rate Amount means the amount to be accumulated by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor on each relevant Guarantor Payment Date and shall be equal to (A) the product of (i) the 
Euribor paid to the Covered Bonds Guarantor under the TBG Swaps in relation to the relevant Guarantor

--- Page 332 ---
Payment Date, plus/minus a spread (if any) as set in the relevant CB Swap confirmation, (ii) the notional 
amount of the relevant CB Swap and (iii) the Day Count Fraction, calculated for the relevant CB Swap 
calculation period as set in the relevant CB Swap confirmation or (B) zero, as specified in the relevant 
CB Swap Confirmation. 
CB Swaps Accumulation Amount means the CB Swaps Interest Accumulation Amount and/or CB 
Swaps Principal Accumulation Amount.  
CB Swaps Interest Accumulation Amount means, in relation to any Guarantor Payment Date, (a) for 
a Series of Covered Bonds with CB Payments Dates falling during the immediately following Guarantor 
Interest Period, an amount equal to the Due for Payment CB Swap Floating Rate Amount as provided 
under the relevant CB Swap confirmation (for the avoidance of doubts, taking into account the CB 
Swap Floating Rate Amount accumulated on the immediately previous Guarantor Payment Date), or 
(b) in case no CB Payment Dates are falling during the immediately following Guarantor Interest 
Period, an amount equal to the CB Swap Floating Rate Amount as provided under the relevant CB Swap 
confirmation.  
CB Swaps Principal Accumulation Amount means, in relation to any Guarantor Payment Date, (a) 
for a Series of Covered Bonds with a Maturity Date falling during the immediately following Guarantor 
Interest Period, an amount equal to the principal amount due under the relevant CB Swap confirmation, 
or (b) for a Series of Covered Bonds with a Maturity Date not falling during the immediately following 
Guarantor Interest Period, an amount equal to zero.  
Clawed Back Amounts means any Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered 
Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the 
Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has not been paid or recovered from any other source. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg; 
Collection Date means 31 January and 31 July of each year, starting from 31 January 2010. 
Collection Period means each period comprised between a Collection Date (excluded) and the 
following Collection Date (included) or, in respect of the first Collection Period, the period from (and 
including) the Effective Date of the transfer of the Initial Portfolio and the next following Collection 
Date (included). 
Collection Policies means the collection policies provided for under Schedule 2 (Procedure di 
Riscossione) to the Servicing Agreement. 
Collections means all the amounts collected from time to time by the Covered Bonds Guarantor in 
respect of the Portfolio as principal, interest and/or expenses and any payment of damages and all the 
Excess Proceeds. 
Conditions means, in relation to the Covered Bonds of any Series, the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds of such Series, as amended and supplemented from time to time and Condition shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Conditions to the Issue means the requirements of issuing/assigning banks (Requisiti delle banche 
emittenti e/o cedenti) see Section II, Para. 1 of the BoI OBG Regulations. 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa; 
Convenzioni in Pool has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”.

--- Page 333 ---
Corporate Account means the corporate account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
with the Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement.  
Covered Bondholders means the holders of the Covered Bonds from time to time. 
Covered Bonds means any covered bond (including any Registered Covered Bond) issued under the 
Programme and denominated in such currency as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer which has such maturity and denomination as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Covered Bonds Guarantee means the guarantee issued by the Covered Bonds Guarantor in order to 
secure the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds in accordance with the provisions 
of Article 7-bis of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree. 
Covered Bonds Guarantor means ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l., a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) incorporated in the Republic of Italy pursuant to article 7 bis of Law 130, whose 
registered office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, Milan, Italy, share capital Euro 120,000.00, enrolled with 
the Companies Register of Milan, under no. 05936150969. 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on the Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement 
upon the occurrence of any of the Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default; 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Disbursement Amount means on the Guarantor Payment Date falling on 
31 March of each year the difference between: (i) Euro 100,000.00 and (ii) any amount standing to the 
credit of the Expenses Account on the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment 
Date. 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(e) (Covered 
Bonds Guarantor Events of Default); 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Retention Amount means on the Guarantor Payment Date falling on 31 
March of each year the difference between: (i) Euro 150,000.00 and (ii) any amount standing to the 
credit of the Corporate Account on the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
Credit Support Annex means a 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer)(ISDA 
Agreements Subject to English law) entered into by the Covered Bonds Guarantor and an Hedging 
Counterparty. 
Criteria means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria. 
CSSF means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier . 
Current Balance has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Cut-off Date means: (i) in respect of the Initial Portfolio 1 May 2009 and (ii) in respect of assignment 
of any New Portfolio, the date indicated in the relevant offer of transfer on which the Receivables and 
Securities, to be included in the relevant New Portfolio, are identified. 
Day Count Fraction has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Dealer means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other dealer appointed as such under the Dealer Agreement.

--- Page 334 ---
Dealer Agreement means a dealer agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, 
inter alia, the Issuer and Banca IMI as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Debtors means any person, entity or subject, also different from the Beneficiary, who is liable for the 
payment of amounts due, as principal and interest, in respect of a Receivable or a Security. 
Decree 84/2005 means Legislative Decree no. 84 of 18 April 2005, as amended and supplemented.  
Decree No. 252 means Legislative Decree no. 252 of 5 December 2005, as amended and supplemented. 
Decree No. 461 means Italian Legislative Decree no. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended and 
supplemented. 
Decree No. 600 means Presidential Decree no. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended and 
supplemented. 
Deed of Charge means the deed of charge dated on or about the Initial Issue Date as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, between the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders for itself and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors, pursuant to which the Covered Bonds Guarantor has charged all of its rights, title and interest 
from time to time in and to the Swap Agreements. 
Deed of Pledge means the deed of pledge dated on or about the Initial Issue Date as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, between the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors pursuant to which the Covered Bonds Guarantor has 
agreed to pledge in favour of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, all the monetary 
claims and rights and all the amounts payable from time to time (including payment for claims, 
indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Issuer is entitled pursuant or in 
relation to the Transaction Documents (other than the Deed of Charge, the Deed of Pledge and the Swap 
Agreements), including the monetary rights and claims relating to the amounts standing to the credit of 
the Accounts and any other account established by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the Receivables. 
Defaulted Assets has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Defaulted Securities has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Definitive Purchase Price of the New Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under 
the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Discount Factor has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Due for Payment CB Swap Floating Rate Amount means the amount to be paid by the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor to the CB Hedging Counterparty on a CB Payment Date under the relevant CB Swap 
and shall be equal to:  
• 
in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds with annual CB Payment Dates, the aggregate of the CB 
Swap Floating Rate Amounts relating to two immediately preceding CB Swap calculation periods, 
and 
• 
in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds with semi-annual CB Payment Dates, the CB Swap 
Floating Rate Amount relating to the preceding CB Swap calculation period.

--- Page 335 ---
Due for Payment Date means (i) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date or (ii) following the occurrence 
of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bonds Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a 
Business Day, the Due for Payment Date will be the next following Business Day. For the avoidance 
of doubt, Due for Payment Date does not refer to any earlier date upon which payment of any 
Guaranteed Amounts may become due under the Guaranteed Obligations, by reason of prepayment, 
mandatory or optional redemption or otherwise. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Early Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Early Redemption Date has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Early Termination Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Effective Date means the date starting from which the assignment of each Portfolio becomes effective, 
in accordance with the provisions set forth under the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Eligible Investments means:  
(i) 
any Euro denominated Security which qualifies as Public Assets; and /or 
(ii) 
the Integration Assets having the following characteristics: 
(a) 
Euro denominated Security rated at least "P-1" by Moody's, which has a residual 
maturity of up to 30 calendar days or, if longer, which may be liquidated without loss 
within 30 days from a downgrade below "P-1" by Moody's, and/or 
(b) 
reserve accounts, deposit accounts, and other similar accounts which qualifies as 
Integration Assets held with a bank rated at least "P-3" by Moody's,  
provided that any such investments under (i) and (ii) above, (A) mature (or may be liquidated at no loss) 
at least 3 Business Days before the next following Guarantor Payment Date, and (B) prior to the delivery 
of a Notice to Pay or of an Article 74 Notice to Pay, mature (or may be liquidated at no loss), for a 
minimum amount equal to the aggregate of the CB Swap Accumulation Amount and the Interest 
Accumulation Amount, at least 3 Business Days before the following CB Payment Date, and (C) 
following the delivery of a Notice to Pay or of an Article 74 Notice to Pay, mature (or may be liquidated 
at no loss) at least 3 business days before the next following CB Payment Date. 
Eligible Investments Account means the eligible investments account opened in the name of the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor with the Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Eligible States means, in accordance with the MEF Decree, any States belonging to the Economic 
European Area and the Swiss Confederation and any other State attracting a 0 per cent. risk weight 
factor under the “Standardised Approach” provided for by the Basel II. 
EMIR Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European Parliament and Council dated 
4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories, as supplemented by the 
relevant delegated regulations, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 336 ---
Euro Equivalent has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
European Savings Directive means EU Directive No. 2003/48/EC regarding the taxation of savings 
income. 
Evaluation Date means: (i) in respect of the Initial Portfolio May 1, 2009 and (ii) in respect of any 
New Portfolio, the date indicated in the relevant offer of transfer in accordance with the provisions set 
forth under the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Excess Proceeds amounts received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor as a result of any enforcement 
taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 4, Para. 3 of the MEF Decree. 
Excluded Assets means (a) the Integration Assets in excess of the Integration Assets Limit to be 
excluded from the Eligible Portfolio, (b) the aggregate of Integration Assets which do not meet the 
Integration Assets Rating Requirements. 
Excluded Swaps means the portion of the hedging arrangements, if any, corresponding to the Public 
Assets and Integration Assets excluded from the Eligible Portfolio. 
Expected Floating Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Expenses means any Covered Bonds Guarantor’s documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes to 
maintain it in good standing, to comply with applicable legislation and any obligation and to preserve 
its corporate existence. 
Expenses Account means the expenses account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
with the Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Extendable Maturity has the meaning given to such expression under Condition 8(b) (Extension of 
maturity). 
Extended Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date if any specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
(Extension of maturity). 
Extension Determination Date means the date falling four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date; 
Extraordinary Meeting has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders attached to these Conditions;  
Final Redemption Amount means, with respect to a Series of Covered Bonds, the amount, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, representing the amount due (subject to the applicable grace period) in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bond;  
Final Terms means the specific final terms issued and published in accordance with the Conditions 
prior to the issue of each Series detailing certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of that 
Series only, completes the Conditions and the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 337 ---
Financial Law (Testo Unico della Finanza) means the Legislative Decree of February 24, 1998, no. 
58, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
First CB Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fixed Component of the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the 
Section “Credit Structure”. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Floating Component of the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the 
Section “Credit Structure”.  
General Criteria means the general criteria contained in Schedule 1 to the Master Transfer Agreement, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Transfer Agreement and described under Section “Description of the Portfolio”. 
Guarantee (Garanzia) means any guarantee valid in order to mitigate the credit risk (garanzie valide 
ai fini della mitigazione del rischio di credito), pursuant to article 4 of the MEF Decree and any other 
guarantee of any type, including personal guarantee and security over asset, irrevocable payment 
delegation (delegazione di pagamento) given pursuant to Article 206, of Legislative Decree no. 267 of 
18 August 2000 (or any other provision existing before the Legislative Decree no. 267 of 18 August 
2000 was in force) and orders of payment (mandati di pagamento) or irrevocable payment delegations 
given in accordance with regional laws, guaranteed in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo, as well as irrevocable 
payment delegations or debit delegations given in favour of the Seller in accordance with articles 1268 
and following of Italian Civil Code and collection delegations (deleghe all’incasso) in favour of the 
Seller or any other existing event in order to ensure or guarantee (i) payments of Receivables and 
Securities and (ii) the fulfilment of the obligations arising from Loan Agreements and Securities. 
Guaranteed Amounts means (i) prior to the service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice, with respect to any Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled 
Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Due for Payment Date, or (ii) 
after the service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant 
Early Redemption Amount (as defined and specified in the Conditions) plus all accrued and unpaid 
interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever 
the same arose) and all amounts payable by the Covered Bonds Guarantor under the Transaction 
Documents, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity 
Date shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered 
Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the 
Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has not been paid or recovered from any other source (the 
Clawed Back Amounts). In each case the Guaranteed Amounts does not include any additional 
amounts payable under Condition 10(a) (Gross up); 
Guarantor means any person, entity or subject, different from the Debtor, who has granted a Guarantee 
in relation to a Receivable or Security, and successor thereof.  
Guarantor Interest Period means the period starting from (and including) the date of transfer of the 
Initial Portfolio and ending on the immediately following the Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) and, 
thereafter, each period starting from a Guarantor Payment Date (included) and ending on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date (excluded).

--- Page 338 ---
Guarantor Payment Date means 31 March and 30 September of each year, or, if any such day is not 
a Business Day, the following Business Day or, following the occurrence of a Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Event of Default, the earlier of (i) each Business Day falling 10 Business Days after the Business Day 
on which an amount at least equal to 10 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of all 
Series of Covered Bonds is standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and the Investment 
Account, and (ii) 31 March and 30 September of each year, or, if any such day is not a Business Day, 
the following Business Day, provided that the first Guarantor Payment Date shall be 31 March 2010. 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds means the Series of Covered Bonds in relation to which no Extended 
Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Final Redemption Amount in respect to 
such Series will be due for payment on the Maturity Date and the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test shall 
apply; 
Hedging Counterparties (Controparti dei Derivati) means collectively the CB Hedging Counterparty 
and TBG Hedging Counterparty. 
Hedging Senior Payment means, on any relevant date, any interest and/or principal payment due under 
any CB Swap or TBG Swap, as the case may be, including any termination payment arising out of a 
termination event, other than termination payments where the relevant Hedging Counterparty is the 
defaulting party or the sole affected party, but including, in any event, the amount of any termination 
payment due and payable to the relevant Hedging Counterparty in relation to the termination of the 
relevant swap transactions to the extent of any premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred 
by the Covered Bonds Guarantor to find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in consideration for entering into swap 
transactions with the Covered Bonds Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant CB Swaps or TBG 
Swaps. With respect to the Additional Provisions “Mark to Market Payment” in the TBG Swaps, any 
payment under this clause will be part of the Hedging Senior Payments for an amount up to the 
difference on each Guarantor Payment Date between the purchase price paid by any purchaser/s of the 
Selected Asset and the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Public Assets and Integration Assets sold 
to such purchaser/s.  
Independent Adviser has the meaning given in the Conditions. 
Initial Issue Date means the date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
Initial Portfolio means the first portfolio of Public Assets transferred to the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
under the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of any company or corporation, that: 
(i) 
such company or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation (including, without limitation, 
fallimento, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, concordato preventivo and amministrazione 
straordinaria, each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, 
dissolution, administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any 
procedure having a similar effect (other than, in the case of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, any 
portfolio of assets purchased by the Covered Bonds Guarantor for the purposes of further 
programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of legal advisers selected by it), such 
proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or

--- Page 339 ---
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in 
respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated 
against such company or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of legal advisers selected by it), the commencement 
of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; 
or 
(iii) 
such company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the creditors under 
the Transaction Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any 
of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension 
of payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company or corporation or any of the events under Article 2448 
of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company or corporation (except in any 
such case a winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent 
amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved in writing 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous to 
those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed 
to carry on business; 
Integration Assets means the assets having the characteristics set forth under article 2 para. 3, point 2 
and 3 of the MEF Decree. 
Integration Assets Limit means the limit of 15 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the assets comprised in the Portfolio, set forth under article 2, para. 4, of the MEF Decree, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time, to the integration through Integrations Assets. 
Integration Assets Rating Requirements means (a) in respect of Integration Assets consisting of bank 
securities having a remaining maturity date of 364 days or less, a rating to the short term unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity equal to or 
higher than “P-3” by Moody's and (b) in respect of Integration Assets consisting of deposits with bank, 
a rating to the short term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the entity 
with which the demand or time deposits are made equal to or higher than “P-3” by Moody's. 
Integration Assignment means the assignments of Public Assets or Integration Assets made in order 
to restore the respect of the Tests for which a breach has been verified or in order to prevent such breach 
maintaining the relation between the OBG issued and the assigned assets. 
Intercreditor Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, 
inter alios, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; 
Interest Accumulation Amount means an amount equal to the interest amounts due on the CB 
Payment Dates falling during the immediately following Guarantor Interest Period, in respect of any 
Series of Covered Bonds in relation to which no CB Swaps have been entered into. 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and a CB Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that CB Interest Period;

--- Page 340 ---
Interest Arrears means in relation to any loan, bond or other asset at any date, the amount of (or the 
Euro Equivalent amount of) interest and expenses which are due and payable and are unpaid as of such 
date. 
Interest Available Funds means, with reference to each Guarantor Payment Date, the sum of (a) any 
interest or other amounts (other than principal amounts) received from the Portfolio (net of any Interest 
Component of the Purchase Price) during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor 
Payment Date, (b) any amount received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor as remuneration of the 
Accounts (other than the Quota Capital Account), Eligible Investments and the Authorised Investments 
(without any double counting) during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor 
Payment Date, (c) any interest amount received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor as payments under 
the Swaps Agreements with the exception of any Delivery Amounts (as defined therein) on or prior to 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date (d) any amount (other than amounts already allocated under items 
(a), (b), (c) and (d) of the Principal Available Funds, as defined below) received by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents during the Collection Period immediately 
preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (e) the Reserve Fund Required Amount, (f) the ATI 
Commingling Reserve Amount, (g) the Interest Accumulation Amount, (h) any amount credited (and 
not used) in the Investment Account on the previous Guarantor Payment Date under items (viii) and 
(ix) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments or item (v) of the Post-Issuer Default Priority 
of Payments, and (i) any amount of Interest Available Funds retained in the Transaction Account on the 
immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if not already calculated under the items above). 
Interest Commencement Date means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date of 
such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Component of the Purchase Price means, in respect of each Public Assets or Integration 
Assets, the amount of interests which were considered, from time to time, in order to calculate the 
relevant purchase price in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Interest Coverage Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Payments has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Interest Receivables Collection Account (Conto Incassi Interessi sui Crediti) means the interest 
collection account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor with the Receivables Collection 
Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Interest Securities Collection Account (Conto Incassi Interessi sui Titoli) means the interest securities 
collection account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor with the Account Bank and 
operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Intesa Sanpaolo means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a bank organized as a joint stock company under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, Turin, Italy and 
secondary office at Via Monte di Pietà 8, Milan, Italy, incorporated with Fiscal Code number and 
registration number with the Turin Register of Enterprises 00799960158, VAT number 11991500015, 
registered with the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the Banking Law under number 5361, head 
of Gruppo Bancario Intesa Sanpaolo, agreed into the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi and 
into the Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group means Intesa Sanpaolo and each of its consolidated subsidiaries.

--- Page 341 ---
Investment Account means the investment account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor with the Account Bank and operating in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
Investors Report has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.  
Investors Report Date means 10 Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Series of Covered Bonds (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
ISDA Master Agreement means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement together with the relevant 
Schedule and Credit Support Annex, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
ISP Mandate Agreement means the mandate agreement entered into on 28 February 2014 between 
Intesa Sanpaolo, as Swap Service Provider, and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, for the performance of certain service to be provided under the Swap 
Agreements further to the approval of the EMIR Regulation. 
Issuance Collateralisation Assignment means any assignment of Public Assets to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor made in order to collateralise and allow the issue of further series of Covered Bonds by the 
Issuer, subject to the Limits to the Assignment. 
Issue Date the date of issue of a Series pursuant to and in accordance with the Dealer Agreement as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price means the price specified in the relevant Final Terms to which Covered Bonds of each 
Series may be issued. 
Issuer means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as issuer of the Covered Bonds. 
Issuer Downgrading Event has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(c) (Issuer Event of Default); 
Law 130 means Law no. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Limits to the Assignment means the limits to the assignment of further Assets set forth by the BoI 
OBG Regulations (Limiti alla cessione; see Section II, Para. 2 of the BoI OBG Regulations. 
Loan Agreement means any loan agreement and other arrangements having the characteristics set forth 
under article 2, para. 1, lett. c) of the MEF Decree. 
Loans means the loans extended to, or guaranteed by the public entities set forth under article 2, 
paragraph 1, letter (c) of the MEF Decree or guaranteed (on the basis of “guarantees valid for the 
purpose of credit risk mitigation” (garanzie valide ai fini della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as 
defined by article 1, para. 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree), by such public entities. 
Long Date Due For Payment Date means the CB Payment Date immediately following the tenth 
anniversary of the last Maturity Date of the Public Asset or Integration Asset contained in the Portfolio;

--- Page 342 ---
Long Dated Covered Bonds means any Covered Bond issued by the Issuer in respect of which the 
Extended Maturity Date is set at the Long Date Due for Payment Date and identified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Luxembourg Listing Agent means Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. a bank incorporated under the 
laws of Luxembourg, whose registered office is at 2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, Luxembourg 1115, 
in its capacity as Luxembourg listing agent under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
appointed as luxembourg listing agent in accordance with Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
and any successor thereof. 
Mandatory Tests means the tests to be carried out pursuant to article 3 of the MEF Decree 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Master Agreements means the CB Master Agreement and the TBG Master Agreement. 
Master Definition Agreement means the master definition agreement executed on or about the Initial 
Issue Date by, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Master Loan Agreement means the framework agreements, Multi-tranche Agreements or plafond 
agreements under which certain Loans have been disbursed. 
Master Transfer Agreement means the master transfer agreement entered into on 20 May 2009 
between the Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
Maturity Date means, with reference to each Series of Covered Bonds, the CB Payments Date, 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms, on which such Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their 
Outstanding Principal Balance, unless otherwise extended in accordance with the Conditions. 
Maximum Amount means, with reference to the Subordinated Loan, the maximum amount equal to 
Euro 20,000,000,000 or such other amount which will be notified by the Seller, as subordinated loan 
provider, to the Covered Bonds Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
MEF Decree (Decreto del MEF) means the Decree of the Ministry of economy and finance no. 310 of 
14 December 2006, concerning the implementation of the provisions set forth in Article 7-bis of Law 
130 about covered bonds. 
Member State means a member State of the European Economic Area. 
Minimum Interest Amount means 0.50 per cent. per annum. 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Required Account Bank Rating means the short term rating required by the Rating Agency 
with reference to the entity which acts in its capacity as Account Bank and which is at least equal to "P-
3" from the Rating Agency. 
Minimum Required Paying Agent Rating means the short term rating required by the Rating Agency 
with reference to the entity which acts in its capacity as Paying Agent and which is at least equal to "P-
3" from the Rating Agency.

--- Page 343 ---
Minimum Required Pre-Maturity Liquidity Guarantor Rating means the short term rating required 
by the Rating Agency with reference to the entity which acts in its capacity as guarantor in order to cure 
a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test and which is at least equal to "P-1" from the Rating Agency. 
Minimum Required Ratings means, in respect of the Receivables Collection Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Account Bank and the Paying Agent, respectively Minimum Required Receivables 
Collection Account Bank Ratings, the Minimum Required Account Bank Ratings and the Minimum 
Required Paying Agent Ratings. 
Minimum Required Receivables Collection Account Bank Rating means the short term rating 
required by the Rating Agency with reference to the entity which acts in its capacity as Receivables 
Collection Account Bank (or any institution guaranteeing its obligations on the basis of a guarantee 
satisfying the Rating Agency’s criteria) and which is at least equal to "P-3" from the Rating Agency. 
Modified Business Day Convention, has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the 
Conditions. 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A. a joint stock company under the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
whose registered office is at Piazza Affari 6, Milan, Italy, incorporated with Fiscal Code and VAT 
number 03638780159, registered with the Milan Register of Enterprises under number 03638780159. 
Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed 
by the Relevant Clearing System; 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement means the mandate agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue 
Date under which Monte Titoli has agreed to provide the Issuer with certain depository and 
administration services in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
Moody’s means Moody’s France S.A.S..  
N Paying Agent means any institution appointed from time to time by the Issuer to act as paying agent 
in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Negative Carry Factor has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
under the Section “Credit Structure”. 
Net Present Value has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the Section “Credit Structure”. 
Net Present Value of the Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the 
Section “Credit Structure”. 
Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
under the Section “Credit Structure”. 
New Capital Accord means the New Basel Capital Accord.

--- Page 344 ---
New Portfolio means any portfolio of Public Assets and Integration Assets which, further to the sale 
of the Initial Portfolio, the Seller will assign to the Covered Bonds Guarantor in accordance with the 
Master Transfer Agreement. 
No Adjustment has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Notice to Pay means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default; 
NPV Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the Section “Credit Structure”. 
OBG Regulations means, collectively, Law 130, the MEF Decree and the BoI OBG Regulations. 
OC Adjusted Eligible Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Official Gazette means La Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders means the association of the Covered Bondholders, 
organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
Other Accounts means the Securities Collection Accounts, the Securities Account, the Investment 
Account, the Eligible Investments Account, the Transaction Account, the Expenses Account, the 
Corporate Account and the Quota Capital Account 
Outstanding Principal Balance has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds has the meaning ascribed to such expression 
under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Paying Agent means Deutsche Bank S.p.A. a bank incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
whose registered office is at Piazza del Calendario no. 3, Milan, Italy, in its capacity as paying agent of 
the Covered Bonds under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any successor thereof. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 345 ---
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
Payments Report means the payments report which will set out the Available Funds and the payments 
to be made on the following Guarantor Payment Date to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to, inter 
alia, the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered 
Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds;  
Portfolio means the whole portfolio of Receivables and Securities owned by the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor, which include the Initial Portfolio and any New Portfolio, and any other Integration Assets 
and Eligible Investments purchased by the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
Portfolio Administration Agreement means the portfolio administration agreement entered into on or 
about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Covered Bonds Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; 
Portfolio Manager means the company appointed as portfolio manager in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement and any successor thereof. 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments means the priority of payments applicable to the 
Available Funds after the delivery of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice as described 
under the Section “Account and Cashflows”. 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments means the priority of payments applicable to the Available 
Funds after the delivery of a Notice to Pay or an Article 74 Notice to Pay and prior to the delivery of a 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice as described under the Section “Account and 
Cashflows”. 
Potential Claw-Back Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”.  
Potential Set-Off Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”.  
Preceding Business Day Convention has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments means the priority of payments applicable to the 
Interest Available Funds prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay or an Article 74 Notice to Pay as 
described under the Section “Account and Cashflows”. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments means the priority of payments applicable to the 
Principal Available Funds prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay or an Article 74 Notice to Pay as 
described under the Section “Account and Cashflows”. 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Ratings means, with reference to the Issuer a short-term credit 
rating from the Rating Agency of at least P-1.

--- Page 346 ---
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase). 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test Date each Business Day falling during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
Pre-Maturity Rating Period means the period of 12 months preceding the Maturity Date of any Hard 
Bullet Series of the Covered Bonds. 
Pre-Maturity Test Account means the account or the accounts to be opened by the Issuer for making 
deposits in any form in order to remedy a breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test. 
Premium Interest Amount (Compenso Aggiuntivo) means:  
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Interest Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (xii) of the Pre-Issuer Default 
Interest Priority of Payment  
or 
(b) 
following to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the algebraic sum 
of:  
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from under items (i) to (ix) of the Post-
Issuer Default Priority of Payments. 
or 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default an amount equal to the algebraic sum 
of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from under items (i) to (viii) of the Post-
Guarantor Default Priority of Payments. 
Principal Available Funds means, with reference to each Guarantor Payment Date, the sum of: (a) any 
principal payment and any Interest Component of the Purchase Price received during the Collection 
Period immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date and (b) any amounts deriving from sale 
of the Public Assets, Integration Assets, Eligible Investments and Authorised Investments (without any 
double counting) received during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment 
Date, (c) any principal amount received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor as payments under the Swap 
Agreements with the exception of any Delivery Amounts (as defined therein) on or prior to the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date, (d) any principal amount received by the Covered Bonds Guarantor from any 
party to the Transaction Documents during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Guarantor 
Payment Date, (e) the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount, (f) any amount credited (and not used) in 
the Investment Account on the previous Guarantor Payment Date under items (iv), (v) and (vi) of the 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments or item (v) of the Post-Issuer Default Priority of

--- Page 347 ---
Payments, and (g) any amount of Principal Available Funds retained in the Transaction Account on the 
immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date. 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Paying Agent; 
Principal Receivables Collection Account (Conto Incassi Capitale sui Crediti) means the principal 
collection account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor with the Receivables Collection 
Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Principal Securities Collection Account (Conto Incassi Capitale sui Titoli) means the principal 
securities collection account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor with the Account 
Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Priorities of Payments means, collectively, the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payment, the 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payment, the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments and the 
Post-Guarantor Default Priority of Payments.  
Privacy Law means the Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 entitled Codice in materia di 
protezione dei dati personali, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Programme means the Euro 20,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) 
Programme established by the Issuer. 
Programme Limit means the amount equal to Euro 20,000,000,000 or the other amount indicated as 
programme limit in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
Prospectus Directive means Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
4 November 2003, as amended from time to time. 
Provisional Purchase Price of the New Portfolio has the meaning ascribe to such expression under 
the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Public Assets means (i) Loansand (ii) Public Securities. 
Public Securities means securities satisfying the requirements set forth under article 2, paragraph 1, 
letter c) of the MEF Decree. 
Purchase Price Accumulation Amount means, on any Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to 
(A) the Provisional Purchase Price of the New Portfolio – as determined with reference to a New 
Portfolio under the relevant Offer of Transfer – to be used for any payment of the relevant Definitive 
Purchase Price of the New Portfolio or the Rectified Purchase Price of the New Portfolio during the 
following Guarantor Interest Period or (B) with reference to the mechanism provided for under Clause 
7.1 (Offerta di Cessione) letter (b) of the Master Transfer Agreement, the Definitive Purchase Price of 
the New Portfolio – as determined with reference to a New Portfolio under the relevant Offer of Transfer

--- Page 348 ---
– to be used for any payment of the relevant Definitive Purchase Price of the New Portfolio or the 
Rectified Purchase Price of the New Portfolio during the following Guarantor Interest Period. 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and the Asset Monitor by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of any Covered 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered 
Bondholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Covered Bondholder 
upon deposit of Covered Bonds with such Paying Agent by any Covered Bondholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
Quota Capital Account means the quota capital account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor with the Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement means the quotaholder agreement executed on or about the Initial Issue 
Date by, inter alia, the Issuer and Stichting Viridis 2, as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
Random Basis has the meaning ascribe to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
Rating Agency means Moody’s. 
Receivables means the monetary claims arising out of Public Assets and Integration Assets. 
Receivables Collection Account Bank means the bank appointed as Receivables Collection Account 
Bank in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any successor thereof. 
 Receivables Collection Accounts means together the Interest Receivables Collection Account and the 
Principal Receivables Collection Account. 
Rectified Purchase Price of the New Portfolio has the meaning ascribed to such expression under the 
Master Transfer Agreement. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Paying Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Registered Covered Bonds means Covered Bonds issued in registered form also as German governed 
registered covered bonds (Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibung).

--- Page 349 ---
Registered Covered Bond Conditions means the terms and conditions of the Registered Covered 
Bonds. 
Registered Covered Bondholdermeans the registered holder for the time being of a Registered 
Covered Bond. 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer to act as 
registrar in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, provided that if the 
Issuer will keep the register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be 
construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
Regulation 13 August 2018 means the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018, as published on the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment 
Date to but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment 
Date falls other than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period; 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made;  
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Covered Bondholders;  
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Series, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement 
(whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Covered Bonds Guarantor for the issue 
by the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Series pursuant to the Dealer Agreement; 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Relevant Nominating Body has the meaning given in the Conditions. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such

--- Page 350 ---
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
Relevant Securities Documents has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Representative of the Covered Bondholders FISG S.r.l., a joint stock company with a sole 
quotaholder under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Via Vittorio Alfieri 
No. 1, Conegliano (TV), Italy, incorporated with Fiscal Code number and registration number with the 
Treviso Register of Enterprises No. 04796740266, VAT No. 04796740266, in its own capacity and as 
representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
Required Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit 
Structure”. 
Reserve Fund Required Amount means an amount equal to (a) if a Servicer Downgrading Event has 
occurred and is continuing, the maximum amount of the Collections expected to be received during the 
following Collection Periods, or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is continuing, the 
aggregate of items (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments expected 
to be paid on the second Guarantor Payment Date following the Calculation Date on which the set up 
of such reserve is triggered, or (c) if both a Servicer Downgrading Event and an Issuer Downgrading 
Event have occurred and are continuing, the higher of (a) and (b) above or (d) if a Servicer Downgrading 
Event or Issuer Downgrading Event has not occurred, but the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to 
accumulate the reserve, an amount equal to (a) or (b) above as resolved by the Issuer. 
Revolving Assignment means any assignment of Public Assets to the Covered Bonds Guarantor made 
in order to invest the Principal Available Funds, subject to the Limits to the Assignment, provided that 
no Issuer Event of Default or Covered Bonds Guarantor Event of Default have occurred. 
Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (Regolamento dell’Organizzazione dei Portatori 
delle OBG) means the rules governing the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders which are attached 
to the Conditions under Schedule 1. 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(a) 
(A) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts is 
reached, and (B) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event or an Issuer Event of Default, the day which is two Business 
Days following service, respectively, of the Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or the Notice to Pay on the Covered Bonds Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed 
Amounts, if such Article 74 Notice to Pay or Notice to Pay has not been served more than two 
Business Days prior to the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the 
relevant series of Covered Bonds, the CB Payment Date that would have applied if the Maturity 
Date of such series of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date or such other CB 
Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Scheduled Interest means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, on each CB Payment Dates as specified in the 
Conditions falling on or after service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn) or

--- Page 351 ---
a Notice to Pay to the Covered Bonds Guarantor (but excluding any additional amounts relating to 
premiums, default interest or interest upon interest: the Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts), but 
including such Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) following service of 
a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become due and 
repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or where applicable, after the Maturity Date such other amounts of interest as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of 
any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made under the circumstances set out in the 
Conditions. 
Scheduled Payment Date means each CB Payment Date. 
Scheduled Principal means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, on each CB Payment Dates as specified 
in the Conditions falling on or after service of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been 
withdrawn) or a Notice to Pay to the Covered Bonds Guarantor (but excluding any additional amounts 
relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, or premiums: the 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts), but including such Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts 
(whenever the same arose) following service of a Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice if the 
Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or, if in accordance with 
the Final Terms an Extended Maturity Date is applied to such Series, the Extended Maturity Date of 
such Series. 
Secured Creditors means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own 
capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, the Administrative Services Provider, the Receivables 
Collection Account Bank, the Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the 
Hedging Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Calculation Agent, the Swap Service 
Providers together with any other entity acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Securities (Titoli) means jointly the Public Securities and the securities mentioned under article, 2, para. 
3, point 3, of the MEF Decree and any ancillary right thereto. 
Securities Account means the securities account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
with the Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Securities Collection Account means the Interest Securities Collection Account and the Principal 
Securities Collection Account. 
Security Trustee means the Representative of the Covered Bondholders acting in its capacity as 
security trustee for itself and on trust for the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors under the 
Deed of Charge. 
Selected Assets means the Public Assets to be sold by the Covered Bonds Guarantor (through the 
Servicer), following the delivery of an Article 74 Notice to Pay (which has not been withdrawn), a 
Notice to Pay (and prior to the occurrence of any Covered Bonds Guarantor Events of Default), a 
Covered Bonds Guarantor Acceleration Notice or upon breach of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Test, 
pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Seller means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement;

--- Page 352 ---
Series has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the term “Series” shall mean, in case of Registered Covered Bonds, each Registered Covered Bonds 
made out in the name of a specific Registered Covered Bondholder. 
Servicer means Intesa Sanpaolo in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing Agreement; 
Servicer Downgrading Event means the Servicer being downgraded to “Ba1”, or below, by Moody’s. 
Servicing Agreement means the agreement entered into on 20 May 2009 between the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor and the Servicer, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Specific Criteria means the criteria for the selection of the Securities to be included in the portfolios 
to which such criteria are applied, set forth in Annex 2 to the Master Transfer Agreement, for the Initial 
Portfolio and in the relevant offer for the New Portfolios. 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Specified Office means with reference to the Paying Agent, Piazza del Calendario no. 3, 20126, Milan, 
Italy, or such other office in the same city or town as the Paying Agent may specify by notice to the 
Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement in the manner provided 
therein; 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Stabilising Manager means, in connection with the issue of any Series under the Programme, the 
Dealer or the Dealers (if any) which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager. 
Subordinated Loan means the subordinated loan granted by the Subordinated Loan Provider to the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor according to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 20 May 2009 
between the Subordinated Loan Provider and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; 
Subordinated Loan Interest Amount means, collectively, the Minimum Interest Amount, and the 
Premium Interest Amount. 
Subordinated Loan Provider means Intesa Sanpaolo, and any successor thereof, appointed as 
subordinated loan provider in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
Subscription Agreement means each subscription agreement to be entered into on or about the Issue 
Date among the Issuer and the Dealers, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code; 
Substitute Obligor has the meaning ascribed to such expression in the Conditions.  
Successor Servicer means the party or parties which will be appointed in order to perform, inter alia, 
the servicing activities performed by the Servicer, and any successor or replacing entity thereto 
following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event. 
Swap Agreements means collectively the CB Swaps and the TBG Swaps, including the ISDA Master 
Agreement, as amended and supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 353 ---
Swap Collateral means the collateral which may be transferred by any Hedging Counterparty to the 
Covered Bonds Guarantor in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
Swap Confirmations means the TBG Swap Confirmation and the CB Swap Confirmations.  
Swap Curve has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Swap Margin has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Swap Service Providers means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other entity appointed as such under the 
Programme. 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system) is open. 
TBG 1 Hedging Counterparty means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party appointed as hedging 
counterparty in accordance with the TBG 1 Swap and any successor thereof;. 
TBG 2 Hedging Counterparty means Intesa Sanpaolo and any other party appointed as hedging 
counterparty in accordance with the TBG 2 Swap and any successor thereof. 
TBG Hedging Counterparties means jointly the TBG 1 Hedging Counterparty and the TBG 2 
Hedging Counterparty. 
TBG 1 Swap means any swap agreement entered into between the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the 
TBG 1 Hedging Counterparty with respect to any Portfolio of fixed rate Receivables and Securities. 
TBG 2 Swap means any swap agreement entered into between the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the 
TBG 2 Hedging Counterparty with respect to any Portfolio of floating rate Receivables and Securities. 
TBG Swaps means jointly the TBG 1 Swap and the TBG 2 Swap. 
TBG Master Agreement means a 1992 International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) 
Master Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross Border), including Schedule, 1995 ISDA Credit Support 
Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer)(ISDA Agreements Subject to English law) entered into between a 
TBG Hedging Counterparty and the Covered Bonds Guarantor. 
TBG Swaps means jointly the TBG 1 Swap and the TBG 2 Swap. 
TBG Swap Confirmation means the written confirmation of any TBG Swap evidencing the terms of 
any such transaction. 
Tests means jointly the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test, the NPV Test and the Interest 
Coverage Test as respectively defined under the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
Transaction Account means the transaction account opened in the name of the Covered Bonds 
Guarantor with the Account Bank and operated in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
Transaction Documents means collectively the Master Transfer Agreement, the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset 
Monitor Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Subscription Agreements, the Quotaholders’

--- Page 354 ---
Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Swap Agreements, the Master Definition 
Agreement, the Conditions, the Final Terms, the ISP Mandate Agreement and any document or 
agreement which supplement, amend or restate the content of any of the above mentioned documents 
and any other documents designated as such by the Issuer, the Covered Bonds Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Usury Law means Law no. 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
WA CB Margin has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”.  
WA Swap Margin has the meaning ascribed to such expression under Section “Credit Structure”. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 
20 May 2009 between the Seller and the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time; and 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 355 ---
ISSUER and SELLER 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156 
10121 – Turin 
Italy 
 
COVERED BONDS GUARANTOR 
ISP CB Pubblico S.r.l. 
Via Monte di Pietà, 8 
20121 – Milan 
Italy 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 – Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 – Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
 
ACCOUNT BANK and RECEIVABLES COLLECTION ACCOUNT BANK 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Via Verdi, 8 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
ASSET MONITOR 
BDO Italia S.p.A. 
Viale Abruzzi 94 
20131 Milan 
Italy 
 
PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Via Santa Sofia, 10 
20122 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 356 ---
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
Luxembourg1115 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arrangers and the Dealer 
As to Italian law 
CHIOMENTI 
Via G. Verdi, 2 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Issuer  
Allen & Overy 
Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto 5 
20123 Milan 
 
ARRANGER and DEALER  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. – Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking  
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS  
To the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy